Join the fight for Net Neutrality so we can keep our mathematical fandom alive!

The scariest part is that without Net Neutrality, THIS would never be happening. Do you think ISPs would allow a site to be accessible that tried to rally people to put an end to their tyranny?! I'm sure if they could get away with it, they would have every site tied to this blocked or at least slowed down as much as possible.
Protest Idea: MASS CANCELLATION DAY

Big internet companies are not fighting hard enough or at all for net neutrality. Remember when Reed Hastings from Netflix suddenly didn't care about net neutrality? What do you think about organizing a protest against their indifference/inaction with a day of mass cancellations.

If Netflix, Hulu, Spotify, Amazon, Xbox Live, PSN, HBO, etc lost MILLIONS of customers in a single day with the promise that we are not coming back until NN is the law again, they would be forced to throw their full weight behind stopping this crap.

It could not be more obvious that our government is ignoring us while it inflicts great harm upon us for the benefit of ISPs. It's time to speak with our wallets to people who cannot ignore the language of money. These services will all be used against us anyway when Verizon and Comcast and the others can charge us extra or throttle them or just block them outright.

Sadly these companies and their money have more influence over our leaders than we ever will. We need to force them into fighting for us. You want our business back? Get on the front lines and put a permanent stop to this! Now!!

POST THIS MESSAGE EVERYWHERE!
_**don't know what to do?**_

Text resist to 50409. It will take all of 5 minutes. If you are stuck for something to say try this:

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

Want to contact the FCC and comment on Net Neutrality?  

Go to www.gofccyourself.com ——> click Express ([it's on the right](https://i.imgur.com/fsSSjdM.png))

Fill out the form to comment on Net Neutrality. An example might say:

"Chairman Pai, Commissioner Clyburn, Commissioner O'Rielly, Commissioner Carr, and Commissioner Rosenworcel,

I support strong net neutrality, backed by title II oversight of ISP’s. Please preserve net neutrality and Title II!

Thank you."

Please do it. We need all the help we can get.


the fun might end if this happens
WHAT TO DO IF YOU'RE A LAZY REDDITOR WITH ANXIETY WHO TRIES TO HELP WITH JUST UPVOTES:

Here are 2 petitions to sign, one international and one exclusively US. 

International: https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home

US: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

Text "resist" to 504-09. It's a bot that will send a formal email, fax, and letter to your representatives. It also finds your representatives for you. All you have to do is text it and it holds your hand the whole way. 

WAY too many people are simply upvoting and hoping that'll be enough, this is the closest level of convenience to upvoting you can find WHILE actually making a difference. 

This effects us all.
DO. YOUR. PART.
Please take 20 seconds to fill this out and contact your local representatives. Just enter your street number and zip code and click submit. Please! 
https://act.eff.org/action/congress-don-t-sell-the-internet-out
Save the internet we can do it
202-224-3121

Will connect you to offices in D.C
From there you can select your state and representatives
We are all busy! But we all have 5 minutes for net neutrality. Text Resist to 50409 to fax your local representatives! More information at resistbot.io

Hijacking top comment, don't mind me.
These are the emails of the 5 people on the FCC roster. These are the five people deciding the future of the internet.
The two women have come out as No votes. We need only to convince ONE of the other members to flip to a No vote to save Net Neutrality.
Blow up their inboxes!

Ajit Pai - Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov

Mignon Clyburn - Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov

Michael O'Reilly - Mike.O'Reilly@fcc.gov

Brendan Carr - Brendan.Carr@fcc.gov

Jessica Rosenworcel - Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov

Spread this comment around! We need to go straight to the source. Be civil, be concise, and make sure they understand that what they're about to do is UNAMERICAN.
Godspeed!
I mean i don't live in the U.S so it won't really matter, But suure.           

\***WARNING!**\* Your comment has been tagged by our automated system as having questionable or offensive content. Your IP address has been logged. Your internet connection speed will be throttled for three days as compensation to shareholders for lost profits. Additional comments of questionable nature may subject you to further disciplinary action. This is an automated message. Thank you for choosing Comcast!  
  *****
^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^if ^you ^want ^to ^leave ^feedback ^about ^me ^or ^report ^a ^bug ^please ^contact ^your ^local ^Comcast ^customer ^service ^representative
[I think we've got it now](https://imgur.com/a/zSetY)
Free internet all day, everyday.
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)

You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:

* https://www.eff.org/
* https://www.aclu.org/
* https://www.freepress.net/
* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/
* https://www.publicknowledge.org/
* https://www.demandprogress.org/

[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)

Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)

[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)

[Add a comment to the repeal here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC)

[Here's an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver](http://www.gofccyourself.com)

[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps

[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.

Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties as it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.

	 
	 
-/u/NetNeutralityBot
	 
	 

*Copied from another sub. Don't mind me*

These are the emails of the 5 people on the FCC roster.  **These are the five people deciding the future of the internet.**

The two women have come out as *No* votes.  We need only to convince **ONE** of the other members to flip to a *No* vote to save Net Neutrality.

Blow up their inboxes!

* Ajit Pai - Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov
* Mignon Clyburn - Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov
* Michael O'Reilly - Mike.O'Reilly@fcc.gov
* Brendan Carr - Brendan.Carr@fcc.gov
* Jessica Rosenworcel - Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov

Spread this comment around!  We need to go straight to the source.  Be **civil**, be **concise**, and make sure they understand that what they're about to do is UNAMERICAN.

Godspeed!
[removed]
Am I the only one against net neutrality? So what if your isp charges more to go on certain sites or censors information. Reddit censors stuff all the time and the cost for internet will probably drop significantly 
it's literally turning into china over here now
'Adventure Time: Distant Lands' premiering in the U.S. exclusively on HBO MAX in 2020

4 new specials, each ~~an hour~~ 45 minutes long

**BMO** follows the lovable little robot from Adventure Time. When there’s a deadly space emergency in the farthest reaches of the galaxy, there’s only one hero to call, and it’s probably not BMO. Except that this time it is!

**Obsidian** features Marceline & Princess Bubblegum as they journey to the imposing, beautiful Glass Kingdom—and deep into their tumultuous past—to prevent an earthshaking catastrophe.
 
**Wizard City** follows Peppermint Butler, starting over at the beginning, as just another inexperienced Wizard School student. When mysterious events at the campus cast suspicion on Pep, and his checkered past, can he master the mystic arts in time to prove his innocence?
 
**Together Again** brings Finn and Jake together again, to rediscover their brotherly bond and embark on the most important adventure of their lives.
"HBO Max Orders Four One-Hour Specials" Do it baby!
From [this article](https://comicbook.com/tv-shows/2019/10/23/adventure-time-distant-lands-hbo-max-streaming-specials/):

> Adventure Time: Distant Lands, a series of four new one-hour specials, is coming to HBO Max beginning in 2020.

> "BMO follows the lovable little robot from Adventure Time. When there's a deadly space emergency in the farthest reaches of the galaxy, there's only one hero to call, and it's probably not BMO. Except that this time it is!

> Obsidian features Marceline & Princess Bubblegum as they journey to the imposing, beautiful Glass Kingdom—and deep into their tumultuous past—to prevent an earthshaking catastrophe.

> Wizard City follows Peppermint Butler, starting over at the beginning, as just another inexperienced Wizard School student. When mysterious events at the campus cast suspicion on Pep, and his checkered past, can he master the mystic arts in time to prove his innocence?

> Together Again brings Finn and Jake together again, to rediscover their brotherly bond and embark on the most important adventure of their lives.

This is not a drill, I repeat, this is not a drill!
I JUST rewatched the finale and while it ended pretty perfectly there’s so much wiggle room to squeeze more stories out of. This is awesome! Does anyone know the significance (if there is any) of being on HBO Max?
Huntress wizard on wizard city pls

A man can hope at least a cameo
I'll be able to see my boys again next year!!!! I'm so close to crying right now.
I wonder if this could lead to a revived series like with Futurama and it's four specials.

Also seeing as Finn has a new arm in this either Muto went back on that decision or he's not working on this, hopefully the former
The most important question still stands - who wrote this? Are Adam Muto, Rebecca Sugar, Jmoyns involved?
Edit: Kingofooo tumblr page is also silent on this one
should be HBMO lol
*screams like Finn*
> HBO

Sounds like Finn might find out about tier 15
Can't wait for gritty bubbline 

BUT FOR REAL HOLY SHIT IM CRYING
I am literally crying rn
I'm glad I stayed subbed, or I'd never see this.
I hope somewhere down the line, they bring up Gibbon.
Remember how everyone was hyping up “Rumble Jaw” as possibly being a single one off but now we’re getting FOUR HOURS OF NEW CONTENT 

ITS LIKE A SEASONS WORTH
When In 2020 like what month
Will this be exclusive to Max or will it be available on HBO Go as well?
Piracy Time
\*splutters\* NANI
Wow. From a tornado to more adventure Time. What a rollarcoaster of a week.
What the fuckk!!!
Finn and jake together again to rediscover their brotherly love? Does this mean Finn and jake has an outing or separated for some reason?
FOUR HOURS of new Adventure Time content? HELL YESSSSSSSS
YES!!!!!
ADVENTURE TIME IS BACK BABY
Lets go fuckers we are BACK
This news really rumbles my jaw
Oh my god????
Sadly, I can confirm that Tom Herpich will not be storyboarding on this.
I’m super excited although I don’t know if i’m ready for another heartbreaking finale of sorts. That shit still has me in shambles.
Sorry, but it’s pirating time.
Does anyone know the exact release date I just finished watiching adventure time and I’m crying,  I just wanna watch more
Mmmm..., Check please!
Only on HBO? Well... Time to break some laws
I actually tear up thinking I’ll get more of this amazing show
this is amazing. i almost cried just listening to the soundtrack. memories.
WHEN
Their most important adventure is being *bro dads* to Finn ^(and HW's) child.
I’ve never been so sold so fast
I hope they don't use the art style in the poster, it looks kinda bad. The regular art style is perfect anyways
[deleted]
Four hours of Adventure Time I haven't seen? *hell yeah*
I dreamed of something like this. A similar premise of them all going to space. 

I guess the show was being beamed into my head like Ice King. 

SO FLIPPING HAPPY!!!
"in the U.S. exclusively" can go kindly f itself

:/
I have just seen this in Facebook and I came to this subreddit to see if it was true. I am so excited to see the new episodes. I knew that couldn’t be the end. 


And I hope next time they get the animation emmy.
This is awesome and I'm ecstatic. I wish they had pursued the Simon + Betty plotline though.
“They kept living their lives”
Any news on who's writing these? I haven't been able to find anything...
Ice King better be in one of them.
In the US only... You know what that means for us  European fans
I just finished the show like an hour ago and finally can look on this subreddit without spoilers and now this, this makes me really happy. Hope I'm able to watch this somehow in germany
Day 142 still waiting
I don’t know whether to be excited as hell or be cautious. I REALLY don’t want this to be bad. I feel like the way it ended was perfect and anything other than it will not be as good. Hope I’m wrong.
Well. With this and the Studio Ghibli movies looks like I have to get HBO MAX
MATHEMATICAL!
What I couldn't help but notice is, there is no mention of Huntress Wizard anywhere in any of the plot synopses, and she does not appear in the promotional image.

I wonder, will her burgeoning relationship with Finn be addressed? Will she even appear at all? I want to be happy about this announcement, but I am torn. I must emotionally prepare myself for the possibility that the answer to both questions is "no."
Is it the original artists/writers? The poster looks kind of off. I mean it's cool if they got different artists, but that was such a crucial part of the show for me. Same with the writers.
And here I thought Id have to wait for it to come back in 10 years like Samurai Jack
I really did not expect this! Wow, good stuff!
Hopefully, we will be able to see more of a an interaction between Finn and Huntress Wizard.
*Is it going to be canon?*
Wow I never thought this would happen. Kinda like a third season of Gravity Falls.
what the hell is HBO Max?
Yes.
Fuck yeah dude
What the fuck? Seriously? Epic
I hope HW will be in this special with Finn and Jake somehow because Finn and Huntress need to be addressed!
OH MY GOD! IT'S HAPPENING, STAY CALM.
Is it weird I cried during the ending of come along with me
Is it still Pendleton ward writing this?
Bruh, I'm soooo tempted, I hope it is released sooner than later cuz I'm gonna die if "2020" means, like, November of 2020, haha.
I'm so desperate for more at content.
Is Dan trans now or something?
I already have that feeling there gonna kill a major beloved character to the franchise and the fans are gonna get mad and it’s gonna get retconned
I just watched the entire series through from beginning to end, literally cried in the final minutes of the last episode ;)
Hopefully Simon has a scene.
Hmmm very cool.
I cant wait! :D
I remember when this post was something I looked to with hope. Now I look back with nothing but love. Distant lands kicked the shit out my expectations. I really hope the alt universe spin-off works out.
Anyone else bummed that it will be on hbo max?
I don't know how to feel about this
Wahhhhh
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat

Not sure if i like it after everything wrapped up so nicely but i guess i'll take it.
Give me Huntress! It’s all I want damn it!😭
I’m crying right now because of this, it’s all I need
Do we know who's going this? Muto? Pendleton?
what is hbomax?
I'm literally crying and shaking rn
"C'mon, grab your friends,
We'll go to very distant lands"
HOLY SHIT
Is adam Workin on this?
A special starring peppermint butler? Wtf?
I knew I wore my Adventure Time shirt for a reason today! Awesome!!
I really hope that Simon makes a big appearance in one of these, especially after turning back to normal.
Sees poster:

Me: No, don’t do this to me...don’t lie...

(After validating information)

Me: YEEEEEEEEESSSS. Mathematical!
Anyone know if this will come out in any other countries after U.S?
Abracadaniel on the poster 🤔 That intrigues me.
He's definitely one of my favorite minor characters.
Best news of the day.
Wait I thought it was fanart is it actually happening?
This makes me want to binge the series again.
Kinda bummed there seems to be no indication of Huntress Wizard appearing since she's the most plausible love interest for Finn, kinda sucks
I am honestly happy right now. College is little tough and this just made my morning.
I don’t have HBO, but I’m still happy about this.
Oh yea its pirating time
Fuck yes.
Yay!
oh
my
glob
Just noticed this. Looks like Finn loss even more of his arm, the entire thing is robotic now!
So is there gonna be a legal way for us non-Americans to watch 😂
Things are looking up
This about to be so fire
This is simply incredible
Yay but also I can’t afford hbo 😅
I am so happy that I decided to open this sub at 1am now.
Being in the UK, I'll have to pirate it. Do I care? Not at all, I'm ecstatic!
I am so FUCKING EXCITED
I-
hoping we will finally get the deetz of marclene and pb's relationship!
Algebraic!
Adventure Time: Future
Sooo what happends to us Eu pleps
Imagine that the last episode is not exactly about Finn and Jake like that. But Beth and Shermy having a bro time.
I wish it was out now!
This freaking sucks ass. I don't have HBO. I guess I'm stuck with Netflix and Disney+. I'll guess I'll have to stick with watching the only cartoon I watch on Netflix called Big Mouth. Since I mentioned Big Mouth do not watch the show if you're still a kid because it is adult animation.
Sweet. Cant wait
Any known release date?
Are they bringing Adam Muto back for this? If not, I don't know if I want it.
😆😆😆
Did anyone have any clue about this?? This is the best blindside
YES! THIS IS AWESOME! This makes so much sense, no wonder they are still merchandising and advertising.
Announced on my birthday wtf !! Best present ever!
Best cartoon of my childhood in my opinion.
YES YES FUCKING YES
Does this mean that Cartoon Network doesn't have the sole rights anymore?
I'm extremely excited
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
I can't wait!!!!!!!
Will all of adventure time be on hbo Max then? It’s on Hulu now but I’m about to start my first ever watch of the series and I wanna know if it’s moving homes anytime soon
So just from  only hearing about it from this post and poster, will the art style be different? This seems different, though not by much, but enough that something feels off
Remember Blenanas. We were warned.
But, my love, the tears were still drying from when you left me. Now, the tears are happy to be here.
WAIT WAIT WHAT THE FUCK
Is this real? The poster looks like fan art
Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait what
the fun will never end!
Is this real?
holy shit  im internally screaming this came out of left field.
Where's Ice King? Simon?? Simon?!?
"We'll go to the very DISTANT LANDS"  
im sure everyones already made this connection but DAMN
who's the plankton looking dude?
Cool. A new reason to live. If only I had HBO
That’s cool and all but wtf is Plankton doing there?!
Theme song reference, they're going to very DISTANT LANDS!

I'm so happy this is happening, there is so much more story to tell with this bunch. I always knew it would come back in some form, Cartoon Network took this brand for granted, the potential here is endless, especially if they push for a more mature theme, I kind of have a feeling they may do just that considering Marcelines shirt.
Marcy looks like a bald guy
YEEEEESSSSSSS!!!!!! I am legit tearing right now y’all! I can’t tell you how much this show has affected and helped my life, relationships with my dad, and my one insecurities. I love you Pendleton Ward, you are my hero , my idol, and my inspiration in my pursuit to be a successful cartoonist. I will never be worried about this show being ruined, because ik this man will never let us down
I was kinda hoping for an episode about Beth and Shermy and the world that was setup for the future
I was rewatching the series for the millionth time and started thinking how it’s so sad that some things were left in a shroud of mystery as far as some of the characters were concerned. I’m so happy right now. I don’t want to be greedy, but hopefully this can be built on and we can get even more.
*HYPE*
I’m super excited! I hope the art style isn’t too crazy of a change. Not to nitpick but based off Finn’s oversized sleeve it looks like they may not follow Pendleton Ward’s design rules exactly.

But dog, I cannot wait to see this regardless. 4 separate hour long specials it seems like a lot of work has been put into it
[omg omg omg!!](https://youtu.be/8UH2CNLcNaU)

**YESSSSS!**

#**I'M SO HAPPY** ❤️🙆‍♀️🎉 

All the specials sound beautiful too. BMO adventure, Bubbline, Finn and Jake bonding again, and Peppermint Buttler's mysterious past, everything I hoped for and more.
I guess I'll live another year!
*cries in southeast asia*
I'm so afraid
Why is Buster in Adventure Time?
Why is that vampire holding the guitar like that?
Yusssssss! Anyone know how we can watch in Australia?
Wtf is HBO max? I already pay for hbo go and hbo now wtf now I gotta buy a third service for this one provider? Asinine!
Is this real?
If I already have HBO NOW do I have to pay more for max
Im so hyped for this!
But will anyone make Simon's life not complete shit?
Im out of the loop. Is this a movie or a new tv show?
I really need to know who’s working on this
Is any of the original cast involved in this? I know Tom Kenny is (he said so in a meet-and-greet something along the lines of "I shouldn't be telling you this, but we're currently recording for a full hour-long special"), but...what about anyone else?
HUZZAH
Little out of the loop here. How did hbo end up producing the sequel mini series.
So, somethings I would like to point out that I'm curious of.

1. What happened to Finn's new arm? Did PB made him a new one?
2. Is the art style going to stay this way?
I just realized

"Adventure Time,

Come on grab you friends,

We'll go to very **DISTANT LANDS**."
What about my main man IK??? (Technically Simon but still)
I'm commenting here because I want to save this image to frame it!
TES
I have been shaking since i heard about this
Fins bionic arm was such a weird and fast moving addition to the story. It really shows how life can just change at any second.
What the actual fuck holy shit it's happening.gif
I think I’m going to cry! I can’t believe that 4 more episodes of my childhood toon are going in air on HBO. I grew up watching this show!
Time to do ye olde yar har

YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE DEE BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT TO BE
Ok, but how to watch it in Europe? Why every show always ignores Europe and gives barley any information about distribution there.
After what happened with the Steven Universe movie I'm extremely worried that these might be terrible. Obviously I hope they're great, but why can't corporations just let things end? The series is so perfect as is.
Oh man, I just finished the series, this is amazing news!
Is this new?
Guess I’m getting another subscription
I think peppermint finally grew up
I just finished binging the entire series. I'm excited.
Damn, I was literally just thinking how I want an adventure time movie, so I decided to visit this sub, and I'm getting 4!
SERIOUSLY?!!!! *incoherent screaming*
*sad canadian noises*
I just saw this. Is this true? I- 😭😭 I rewatched the whole series not so long ago. I can't wait for this!!
Okay so in this cover I see a young abra cadaniel and a Finn merged with his hat witch makes me think we are going through time and dimensions also pb seems to be next to a crashed space pod so also space again but hey that’s just and adventure idea a good one / film theory
Don't do that.                                                                            Don't give me hope
Wow I'm hype
Im crying right now
Hyped got all 10 seasons on blu ray :D, so hyped !
Ayyy
What the hell is HBO MAX and does it come with regular HBO?
Mom come pick me up I’m scared
Your shitting me🤯
Ik this is old, but is there a specific date for the release?
GLOBDARNIT WHY DO I GOT TO LIVE IN THE NETHERLANDS WHEN IN AMERICA YOU HAVE MORE ADVENTURE TIME, WHILE I AM STUCK HERE WITH JUST 5 SEASONS ON NETFLIX
When are we gonna get a release date
I really hope a spin off series comes after this. I'm still sad that the show ended
I really hope a spin off series comes after this. I'm still sad that the show ended
There is so much that they could add to this show yet, while there are things that were answered in the series already there are still many things that are not answered.

There's so much wiggle room to fit so many stories in and actually expand upon what they already have.

I would love to see more Marceline and Bubblegum
Yay! Another platform I have to get for ONE fucking show! Capitalism is the best.
I was always sad that we never got proper Bubbline backstory, so I am happy about that. 

I was SHOCKED we never got proper Peppermint Butler backstory, and I am ecstatic about that!
crawling back into the sub (appendicitis is a hell of a thing guys) to say EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! AT!!!!!

Honestly none of these synopses are really grabbing me (do we really need an hour-long special about PepBut?? I love him, but... Plus I was never a fan of the "baby PepBut" thing) but I'm excited for new AT nonetheless! Woohoo!
Give Finn some closure. That's all I ask.
Got a new phone and it had to be done

Did somebody poo poo in the spaghetti? Why everyone upsetti? 


https://imgur.com/a/PzdjR

Never change wallpaper.
Neat idea. Sorry about your wallet, though.
Fuck all the haters here. Can you link to to source image? I’d like to use this too.
“Jake the Dog and Finn the iPhone...”
https://imgur.com/a/TvkCA

Made one from scratch. Sorry if its not the right size, i don't have an iphone X.
Got a link to the wallpaper?
The height of Finn's shirt should be the battery charge indicator 
Dang, I didn't realize how big the iPhone X was. 

Also lol @ the commenters screaming about how you wasted your money or whatever. Enjoy your new phone!
I don’t get people saying it’s a waste of money, do you guys not understand how utility works? Bill Gates finds a dollar, I find a dollar, it’s worth more to me even though the monetary value is the same. Saying something is a waste of money is completely subjective, enjoy the post and move on
I mean if most smartphones cost $600-800 then what’s a couple hundred more? I put 300 down on it so I’m only paying 25 a month on it. Also, it’s a really great phone in general. People who complain about it are people who aren’t gonna buy a new iPhone either way of they’re android people. 
Top Notch!
You made the best of it.
Mr Moneybags over here
Ow man that looks perfect!
Why would you post this and not share the wallpaper? It's been requested multiple times in the comments.
The only acceptable reason for that black bar at the top of the iPhone X
If we were all in water everyone in this thread would be floating from all the friggin salt.
The math in this room is horrible.

If you were paying $25 a month for your iPhone last year, turned it in and are now paying $32 dollars a month for the iPhone X. Your phone is not costing you $7 difference it's costing you $32 still. The $7 is only the difference in cost between phones but the full amount being paid is what the phone actually cost you.
Everyone other month I forget that phones are such a point of contention for Reddit, then a post like this happens and I remember again after I see it has 500+ comments and a below 85% upvote rate. lol

I've never got into the whole "phone debate" culture myself. It's so alien to me, it fascinates me every time since I usually fully understand the general controversies of the Internet.
I didn't want an iPhoneX but now I want an iPhoneX
Here from /r/all. What am I looking at?
God that notch lol. What was apple thinking. 
Came to the comments to see people freaking out about how you bought an iPhone X. I was not disappointed.
What type of phone is it?
$1000 meme machine
You bought an adventure time machine 
I found the notch extremely distracting and annoying, but congratulations, you've changed my opinion. A tremendous feat to do to a stranger on the internet. Tip of the hat to you.
Here’s mine https://i.imgur.com/Xvp6fWw.jpg 
This might be the only reason why I'd want to buy an iphonex
So many haters in here that think their opinions mean anything to anyone else's wallet. Add another to reddit's nonesense circle jerk list. 

OP, that shit is great. 
The screen indent at the top is incredibbly ugly and would drive me insane.  Galaxy S8+ master race.
That’s cute, but why is it so badly drawn? The line around his face is all kinds of messed up and the line separating the blue and white isn’t even straight. 

I’m sure you could make or find a better one op.
Love it
fuck, i thought i wasn’t, now i might. damn you op
Jeez the pixel on X is just great
Holy shit this comment section is a shitshow. 
That's one more reason to buy the new iPhone
[deleted]
Nice!
genius!
View Comments > Sort By: Controversial

Honestly the best use for that horrible design choice. 
Why did u tape the top of your screen?

Please tell me something new that apple came up with on the new iPhone x.
Could you please share the wallpaper? :) 
MATHEMATICAL 
Oh that is brilliant. Know of one with Fiona?
that’s the best thing I’ve ever seen
Cool wallpaper. 
Sauce?
Wow that picture looks crazy clear... you didn’t by chance take the pic with a Nikon p900?
Since its the only one with the formfactor i'd say worth it
/u/beyourshelf 
Now make Jakes face the lock screen on your iPad and Bmo the lock screen on your Apple Watch and you’ve got the whole gang!
The buttons look like low-hanging nipples.
Nice
You can do this with any phone...
That unfinished line on his face is really bugging me.
https://www.reddit.com/r/androidthemes/comments/6rrkwd/theme_adventure_time_theme/

https://www.reddit.com/r/androidthemes/comments/14nnl0/adventure_time/
I love how people make such a big deal over iPhones. It's just a phone with limits. Even case makers have way more options for cases for the newest iPhone over then newest flagship Samsung or Lg
Now the fun will never end. 
That's awesome! Would love the source file!
Can OP please link that wallpaper? It's pretty.
Where can I find this?????
Link ME! 
That's brilliant/[beautiful](https://youtu.be/EffPnse4WQs?t=44) done!
Bumper galore!
I love this show, is there anywhere i van watch it online?
I wonder does the upper part of the screen will always appears even if one was playing a game or watching a full screen mode 
what ever happened to adventure time
Can you link the picture? I am getting mine in two weeks and I want to do the same!
r/oddlysatisfying
This is amazing
Thanks, it’s my favorite quote from the show yaya
That rubber bumper is going to turn Yellow in a few weeks. Take my Word for it.
$1,000 status symbol
This alone makes me want an X, and I have the 8+.
Yaaaaaaasss
Haha brilliant
You're an idiot for getting that piece of trash.
Best use of that massive design flaw
Got “a new phone”....yes, yea, we get it...
Perfect! 
How come nobody has mentioned that the black top of the i phone fits perfectly with finn's head?
The only useful thing to do with that phone
Your £999 phone looks great with that £5 cheap looking case.
Haha. I knew the notch would be useful.
🙄
Am i the only one who finds that little black part at the top of the screen annoying? Wouldnt it get in the way of games & videos...
Nice iPhone 6!
This has become the best reason to get an iPhone X
I like your S8
What's life like before and after owning a $1,000 phone? I'm jealous btw.
The X is hideous 
This scene is lowkey super messed up

Low key? Sorry, this is not lowkey. This just upfront messed up.
It's *highkey* messed up
Why is everything named "little buddy" in this show doomed to suffering 🥲
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Must be lowkey cause it didn't get cut in the netflix version 😅
I love jake so much
Yeah, well, it's Adventure Time. If it didn't have messed up shit in it, it'd be a different show!
This is f’n traumatic 😂🤣
Why am I laughing so hard?!
Yeah, well, ya know. Sometimes you bust a nut, and sometimes you're the nut that gets busted
Broke up dimension, you’re breaking my heart.. 

I’m looking for broke-up girl to break me apart.
How did he know the life cycle of his species if he's only just woken up?
What episode?
What episode is this?
Bahahaha. Damn. Super messed up. 

Reminds me of the one that got the biggest laugh out of me. The toad knight dying and turning to dust made me laugh so hard I almost died. I was NOT prepared for the darkness of that turn.
This was just as fucked up as tree trunks blowing up suddenly
Just watched this one last night and was crying from laughing
I’ve never seen Adventure Time and just found this browsing. This is the hardest i have laughed in a while!
Oh my god, in the frame little buddy disintegrates you can see a little shocked face in the puff of smoke 


Meaning he felt pain
Welcome to Adventure Time bud.
This reminds me of the scene where [Ice King makes a snowball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC-MkutJ3kc), laughs with it and then chucks it at the ground manically. This was the moment I fell in love with the show.
Jesus christ 💀
I’m going to hell for laughing so hard
Christ. I’ve never seen a scene from this show, and this just broke my heart.. But it’s also hilarious.

Is the show this brutal and funny usually?
I thought it was because the little buddy looked like a little peen but oh..
What about the scene when BMO commits suicide when replacing their batteries? Lol
Wait why is he kinda see-through
Yes, that's what makes it funny
Me af
Ummmmmmm ok
"I miss him already’
This is why you watch where you are walking, mhmm…mmm..little buddy’s here to teach us a lesson
Thanks for the trauma, life’s not bad enough as it is
He died as he lived: being a chair
D: why was the toilet booby trapped, and does tall turtle come back?
They made his species’s story so sad. This didn’t even have anything to do with carrying the plot along, they just put it in there to rip our hearts out. 🥲
u/savevideo
Only this show could pull it off so often and so well.
that's just tragic
u/savevideobot
Kinda sad
Everything you need for survival is BOOBY TRAPPED!
i think about this all the time
This reminded me of [the pencil bit from Jeff Winger's first speech on Community](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAwSVOlOgH8).
Is preparing to run a dnd session in the fey realm and I think I shall re watch all of adventure time to prep
Reminds me of this scene in [portlandia](https://youtu.be/PoiDgJ1Qkdw)
Why lowkey?
I mean to be honest, he was kind of a dick head.
RIP little buddy
I don’t get it…
No chill
I have LOLED!!!! 😂🤣
Classic adventure time
That thing's head looks like a phallus.
So, not because the creature's head looks like a penis? Or an I the only one who sees that?
''I'm a 12 year old." Zap.
I don’t think you understand what lowkey means
Jake’s just gonna pretend he didn’t see a guy just die
I never noticed the puff of smoke has a shocked expression for like 1 second. It does not make me feel better
did anyone else notice he said his species spends its first 12 years sleeping and that he looks like a…. 😅😅
Anyone who's a fan of this show knows that there's lowkey fucked up things in every episode. I mean, the intro itself shows death, nukes, the world ending, etc. Definitely one of my favorite shows, whether for the silly laughs or the heartbreaking stories strewn throughout the course of the show. A true masterpiece
u/SaveVideo
“Low key”?
I seriously love this show.
> It gets overused a lot, lowkey
0:24 was a Jump scare for me.
This is incredibly messed up
It's kinda cute when it went [*puff*](https://i.imgur.com/qJarME0.png)
I feel bad for laughing...
u/savevideo
Misusing lowkey since 2019
Oof just oof 
F in chat for the buddee
No, post-apocalyptic Scandinavia is in the Islands miniseries
I swear it was about to piss from its oddly shaped head.
Lol holy sensitive people watching adventure time
pretty high key super messed up
Some dogs just need to open up Tor.
Back to what you do best.
Those poor little buddies, may we never forget them.
This is fucking hilarious
u/savevideo
If it’s any consolation that lil buddy had a very penis-like face, mighta saved Jake the difficulty of looking at a talking wing wang for long
Heh
It's DONKED man.
I don’t even remember this episode. Guess I gotta rewatch
[deleted]
Extra messed up
Nah this pure ascending atmospheric messed up. Laughing through the shock and horror tbh
Agreed. You seen it a lot, lowkey
I laughed at the last line 😂
Conclusion: you can't have friends
Whoa...
I wouldn't say lowkey. It's really fucked up. I laughed my ass off from the shock
I forgot this, why did you make me remember
this scene makes me so sad. i make the same face jake does
I'm getting Garra vibe
Which episode may I ask?
Shuckle!
This scene was funny
One of my all time fave scenes
I’m thoroughly frustrated bc Reddit’s terrible video player won’t let me watch it :((((((
RIP rock giraffe 
?-?
This *scene*? The entire show is #FUCKED
Holy my heart jumped when he died
u/savevideo
My mental state did not need that 🥲
I’m traumatized
Go to sleep
"I'ma just pretend you're sleeping." Holy shit man 😭
I actually shed a tear when I first saw this as a kid 😭
Is just me or does little buddy look like a weiner head?
I think its funny
At least he found the way out😂
Messed up as it may be, you can't deny these sorts of things are why we all love this show
That is the most abstract dick joke I have ever heard/seen.
If you pause you can see his final thoughts in the cloud of vaporised buddy.
jake has witnessed so many people die lmao
I cried laughing the first time I saw this scene. Messed up but downright hilarious 😭
Very funny though
So a little buddy is a little pp. In a nut.
Put that one in the vault jake
😂 “can you get off me pleas” it just woke up and went straight back to 💤, I think this generation will call that laziness 😭
Offended at being called a rock
What show is this?
I'm not crying, you are!

10 seasons is a good run for any show that's not a soap opera or a police procedural.
This is really beautiful. And sad at the same time. 
[deleted]
Let's see, we have Finn, Jake, PB, Marceline, Ice King, Death, Lemongrab, Cinnamon Bun, Bun Bun, Gunter, Flame Princess, Lady Rainicorn, Sweet P, LSP, Tree Trunks, and one I'm not sure of but will assume is Neptr, cause Neptr needs more love.
Oof along with me...
Sorry for the ignorance, but is adventure time really ending? Shit that’s been around since forever feels like
I've been watching since literally day one, it's been a wild ride. I will be disappointed if James Baxter doesn't appear tomorrow 
So much depth in this universe that will not be realized. I have this hope, this foolish hope, that this show will be picked up on Adult Swim and we can see the adult adventures of Finn and Jake. 
It really was the best gonna miss this beautiful show
Nigga this is sad
Hit me right here, in my artery.


After 8 years, it seems to soon for it to end, but at least it's going on a high note
THIS SHIT HURTED STOP
Wait, did I just have the series finale spoiled?
Best cartoon of my childhood in my opinion. 
I remember when this show first started in 3rd grade for me. Just as I begin my high school Senior year, it ends. Good run. 
Awwww fuck man that's getting me, especially since Death's voice actor passed away last year fuck. Really wish you gave the artist credit cause this is so good.
IS SOMEONE CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE!?
Christ, it feels like saying goodbye to an old friend
[What hear in my head when I remember the series finale is around the corner :(](https://i.imgur.com/EciJrQ5.png)
Miguel Ferrer (dude who voiced Death) died a couple years ago. And now I'm even more sad.
😢
Anyone got a link to the full episode? I only use hulu and they dont have it yet 
MY HEART
That look of doubt on Finn's face. I'm crying. I wanna hug him
Once I have kids I’ll be showing them this series instead of any other cartoons
I am going to cry for real I am so attached to this show.
The end isn't even out and I'm already crying. 
["Nah. Superman does good; you’re doing well. You need to study your grammar, son.”](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQXYCzOKMoo)
I think it should never end, just like the Simpsons (my favourite show) 
I stopped watching at season 6, and this is a little sad to know, even if I remember hearing about it not too long ago. Maybe it's a nice time to watch it till the end, just to finish what I started a long time ago. :'(
Had my eldest son (now 12) his 7th birthday party themed after Adventure time. As an adult, I liked it for its humor. #Sad
Oh glob this is painful but beautiful. 
This hurts
Dam im crying
Gonna miss all of those sons of globs
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Is the show over?
Watched the pilot when I was twelve. One of the few cartoons I ever truly enjoyed. It will be missed.
Excuse me while I go take a shower so I can't tell if I'm crying or not.
No! I refuse to accept this! I don't see the Cosmic Owl, so it's not real!
F
This is wonderful 
Already went through this with The Regular Show. Such a downer. 
Sad nigga hours
I remember seeing the original short air. Sad
This show was such a special part of my life, I'm heartbroken it's ending. 
We're both crying!
I was 6 years old in the first grade when the show first premiered now I am 15 and a sophomore in high school. This hit me because I basically grew up with the show just like Regular Show and I can’t believe how many years has passed. I had many good memories with this show but everything has to come with a end sadly. R.I.P Adventure Time 2010-2018
Also, all the credit goes to the artist
One of the things I will miss the most is the chill tunes the episodes had. 
It feels like my friends are dying.
It will never die!
I can’t help but think of that “love you 5eva” meme every time I see this. 
Turbo oof
Yo what is it ending?
Bruh

You gonna make me cry 
I'm not ready for it to end :'-(
Wait what?!?
Last episode comes out at 6:00 pm eastern time on Labor Day, right? 
My four year old and I started watching this show together. We booked over it and both line or so much. This makes my heart hurt
😭😭
No, what, it's over?I even know it was ending and tomorrow is the ultimate finale?
Oh no! Is the show ending??
Is this a spoiler?
I miss flapjack
Sometimes in these situations I'd like to be able to contact the creators and tell them how their show was such a big part of one of the happiest times of my life 
Damn bro all my website stopped updating after bout S8 so I've sadly missed a lot. I really want to download every single episode and just marathon it.   

Any links? lol
I’m crying. No we are crying 
WHY TF DO PEOPLE MAKE THIS LIKE WHAT IS YOUR GOAL
hell yeah i am this is too much lmao
more seriously i’m so grateful that this show existed and that so many people made it this great 
really excited for the finale but fuck this is sad 

Gets you right in the feels
Time keeps pushing forward until we all become memories. Then forgotten. 
The very best
Adventure time, come on grab your friends

As we go to very distant lands...
Probably not going to be awake for the finale, not that it matters anyway because I don't even know how to watch it in the UK. :P
F
If they don’t make a movie i will cry
this is so sad alexa play island song
right in the feels
Season 4 episode 25 I'm pretty sure, so sad, Simon and Marcy
F
Not sure this works unless you know the layout. I thought the final box was Finn talking and that just makes it sad and awkward. I get it now after looking at another example someone posted. It had different fonts for different speakers so that was good
Didn't the show get really shit, strange, incoherent at some point after season4?
Stupid title is stupid. 
Come along with me...
Shouldn't fox death be sending them away?
BEST CARTOON SHOW OF ALL TIME IDC WHAT YOU SAY
:,)
The best ever made!!
From a show perspective, though, the plot was all over the place...

I loved the show, but...
Where the fuck is the spoiler tag? 
[removed]
Is adventure Time really over? JESUS CHRIST THANK YOU FINALLY IT'S GONE
I made a Finn and Jake chair!

It's almost like the chair was made that shape for this exact purpose. Nice.
I'm guessing you just saw Finn in the chair before you even painted it.
This is ACCEPTABLE!!!
Adventure Chair
C'mon grab a seat
And soon you're resting 
Peacefully
Jake the Dog!
And Finn the human!
Will help you off your feet
It's Adventure Chair
Id pay a considerable amount of money for this. 
BRAVO!
It's amazing how perfect it is!  This is easily my favourite Adventure Time thing ever.  You just need a BMO cushion.
That is *extremely* imaginative and well-executed.

Kudos!
The chair legs completed it for me... Thank you
How much was the chair + supplies? And what was the process you used to paint?
relevant:


http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/479/913/6ef.gif
OH MY GLOB!
That has to be the most mathematical chair ever!
you should post the process to /r/DIY 
You're like the Michelangelo of chairs.
Ha, the Game of Thrones Throne is a children's seat compared to this!!
Why can I only upvote once?

Also, whomever said Advenchair Time first is a genius.
This is so math. Well done!!
Hi. I'm Dave. You know me. You look really good eating burgers even though your vegetarian. NICE CHAIR. I totally googled your chair and found this post.

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
This is the most awesome thing ever
That is so cool
This is beautiful!
[deleted]
This is amazing
Brilliant! It's like it was made for it.
This messes with my mind - usually Jake is the one who could shape-change into a chair ...
I want this chair 
Great job!
wow, didn't even realize the legs were...well his legs! great attention to detail, I want one! 
This is really great, it really does just look like it was meant to be Finn.

Great job!
Did you have to take the chair apart to paint it?
very clever
wow that could not have turned out any more perfect!
I wouldn't want to sit on that. It's too nice to be sat on. 
That's so awesome. I wish I had that kind of creative eye. Good work! 
I can't tell you how glad I am that I came to the comments and saw this wasn't a repost.

It looks fucking awesome.
OMG I love it!
This is the most creative thing I've ever seen 
this is utterly perfect. I'd buy something like that in a heartbeat.
I like how even the background improved when you fixed the broken chair.
You should crosspost to /r/DIY

Also, this is fantastic!
Well this is glorious.

http://i.imgur.com/jO6YhiS.gif
This is totally mathematical! Nice work!
I think I just pee'd a little 
wow, the creativity is off the charts.
I just wanna say thank you to everyone for all the really positive, wonderful, creative comments! This is so encouraging to me as I start out this new venture into furniture re-finishing and upholstery! I am amazed by the support and love!
This is amazing, though I'd be super uncomfortable sitting on poor Jake
Now that's just too adorable.Also TAKE MY MONEY 
Wow I'm in awe that you saw more to this chair than just the design it was given. You have a gift!!! 
Didn't I already see this about 6 months ago?  Are you the person who made it and you're reposting with your new account?
Really well done! Very creative and it works out perfectly!
Amazing! Very creative,I love it.
so so so so awesome.

What a good find! 
perfect!

Too cool for words!

god damn this is brilliant!
Very nice work!
There are no words to express how much I want that freaking chair. Amazing work, OP!
amazing.
That is beyond amazing. Great work OP 
That is absolutely amazing.
This is so damn cool.
This is incredible!
You are truly a visionary 
Good eye OP!
That's so cool! That is, if one could bring themselves to sit on Jake.
This is so much better than I thought it would be. Well done!! So fun!!
That worked out really better than it had any right to.
id feel uncomfortable sitting on jake
Woulda been neat to see you go in a direction where the entire seat cushion was yellow, then the legs of the chair were painted yellow with at the feet dog paws then maybe a round peice of wood added to the front of the chair, not too big, painted with Finns face. That way it looked like you and jake were riding finn, instead of sitting on him. You did something along the lines, just a bit opposite, and it rocks.

Still like it though. Great stuff! The back is incredible!

ninja edit: Maybe get another chair and make it like i described above. That way, youd have 2 - a SET!. So awesome. 
Badass dude! 
That is insanely creative. Great work!
Mathematical!
Do you feel bad sitting on Jake?
that is amazing. great work
I love this!! So great! Really nicely done. Never throw this away.
That is super rad. Could not have worked out any better.
That is so fucking awesome. Really great job!
This is the Happiest thing I've seen all day! Fantastic job
Very nice!
What does the back of the chair look like?
I'm pretty sure I've seen this posted before. 
I almost wanna be sad that you painted a real-wood chair. But the result is too damned adorable!
Dude? 
 
Fuck yeah! 
Perfect!
This is so wonderful. I applaud you!
You got mad skillz yo. 
Wow, OP can really see things for their true purpose. 
This is amazing!! 
I'm not even a fan of the show but that turned out pretty damn good
Impressive work, that chair would freak me out though, I mean if it was standing in my room.
/r/Pareidolia would love this
Genius! Especially love the spiral arms and  shapely legs
That's perfect, well done!
Mathematical!!!
This is Frekon awsome! 
I can't upvote this enough. beautiful!
Have you posted this before? I feel like I've seen this image before. Or maybe it was another Finn chair?
So if i wanted a chair like dat....
That chair could not have been more perfect!
**Algebraic!** (also your username perfectly describes this chair)
This is awesome, and creative.  Are you a creative person?
omg. This is the most perfect piece of fanart I've ever seen. I love it! :D
How do you even see that!?
I would buy that c: 

Good Work
I'm not really a fan of adventure time, but this is a fucking phenomenal chair. Beautiful work.
Can't you make a Gumball chair maybe?
This is frigging amazing °\ (○_○)/°
You're my favorite person in the world right now
really good improvisation by you1
This is def a repost... is it a repost of something you actually made or are you just a shitty person?
OH. MY. GOD. 
love it
Haha! That's amazing!
Amazing 
Damn, I didn't know ten year olds could make chairs
i want this for my little sisters fuuuck i need to make one
OMG do want !!
omg i love u
Such create. wow. much impress.
why aren't posts archived on this sub? weird
This amazing gif from r/PhotoshopBattles

Credit to u/DrWankalot and u/i_am_a_bot_ama for their contributions and [assistance in contouring.](http://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/7ct6bc/-/dpso612)
This is glorious 
GUNTER YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME 
So much better than the original pic!
Nasty booty
That guy has a pussy for an ass.
*Guntah!*
lol who even comes up with shit like this

i hope this guy got gold because wow. 
All of the yes
Gunter!
Can we get a subreddit that consists entirely of Gunther (orgalorg) slapping stuff
I can't unsee this...

Not sure what to think right now. ((Nice photoshop ;)
Wenk 
Gunter no!
I was scrolling down slowly which made it so much better when I got the booty surprise
wenk
wenk
Why did you gunt my fries?

I gunted them. And they were mine. 
Gunter! What have I told you about touching butts!?
*Wenk*
[GIFV link](https://i.imgur.com/EYThD0u.gifv)

---

_^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^[FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/livven/wiki/gifv-bot) ^// ^[code](https://github.com/Livven/GifvBot)_
Oh lawd
Kovalsky at his best 
Getting awfully close to flicking the bum bean.
Someone get me that suit D:
*wenk*
I love you
Who's the guy? For science?
Gunter out there #MeToo-ing the whole gym.
Feels racist
Go Roys!

https://www.google.com/amp/fox4kc.com/2014/06/09/why-2-grown-men-dressed-in-cat-onesies-for-royals-game/amp/
Wtf is your profile pic dude aint nobody trna see that
[deleted]
I've never connected with any line from Adventure Time more

Aw. I love banana man. Being good at being alone is something I need to learn to be. It makes you far more honest and grateful, I think. 
Same. Lots of banana mans out there, hopefully we'll all find someone.
Weird Al’s best voice role
I started working from home 3 years ago. I can relating to this so much. 
I'm a Banana Man too, though mostly by choice :(
Same. We can be good at being alone together if you want.
2meirl4meirl
These moments are why I love adventure time. 
Sigh.. this is exactly how I feel right now.  I am 37 this year, getting a divorce after be married for 2 years (first and only marriage, no kids).  I was single for 8 years before I met my wife, and now she wants a divorce (she is also bipolar1, so she is having a massive change, which I understand and don't blame her).  But I was an only child to a single mother who was abusive as hell.  Always an outcast and I am about to be alone and on my own again.  But I'm good at it.  It scars the fuck out of me, but at the same time, I'm good at it and comfortable with it.  

But I have my pitty, my kitty, and I'm going back to finish school.  And my pets won't die for like 10 years, so I have love. :D
For me, it was this conversation.

>Princess Bubblegum: Goliad, [Gets a bee on her finger] let me tell you about leadership. You see this fat bee? It's gentle [Picks up a flower] and makes the flower happy, and pollinated. They both get what they need...[Bee gets some pollen from the flower] ...and that's how leaders should be.
[Bee flies towards Goliad.]

>Goliad: No, Princess. Bee cares not for flower. If getting pollen hurts or kills flower, bee would not care. [Kills the bee] Bee is stronger than flower.

Hit home during a particularly bad boss/worker time.
"seems like you really wanna go, it's ok to feel manipulated right?" - Cosmic owl to Gunther/orgalorg. I can resonate with this as well.
r/2meirl4meirl
r/2meirl4meirl
My favorite episode
am i remembering this right or was the bananana voiced by weird al yancovic
The widespread alienation under modern capitalism makes this meme 2 relatable. 
You shouldn’t yell at cuties who are just trying to help you
Adventure time has helped me through some stuff 
I’m not even good at being alone. 
Same
i remember i was invited to an adventure time themed halloween party with a group of college friends i’ve become detached from after covid-lockdowns and petty drama, and went as banana man. I never felt like I related more to a cartoon character in that moment, being isolated from a group of people and not fitting in like I used to..
Me irl
The feels.
Yep.
I feel personally attacked.
LIAR OP
Oof 
oof
I can totally relate. But having gotten out of a mentally abusive relationship two months ago, Im finding being alone pleasurable. Of course I'd love a guy to be at my side and whom I can trust, cuddle with and what not. However, finding one of those that isn't going to use me or abuse me is seemingly infeasible. This cute lil banana dude is speaking so much truth. 
I'm a bananaman but mainly because I've developed anti social tendencies and i assume people don't like me so i distance myself from others 
I have outgrown the charisma I didn't know I had and embrace being alone.  I like that shitposting can be a small outlet for me before I go back to being alone because I love to be alone most of the time I am able to be.  
oh no
Jake's broken (not really) cup metaphor tho
Jake's broken (not really) cup metaphor tho
In college, when I realized girls were not exactly beating down my door and probably never would be, I started "practicing" eating out alone, because I figured being able to go out and enjoy myself alone in an ostensibly social setting without being crippled by self-consciousness was a skill that I was going to need.

Aaaand I was right. The trick is to bring a good book.
Fiiirst Woooorld First World Problems!
maybe you should be nicer to others then
Just a Happy Reminder that the Mushroom War Starts in 8 Days!

Time to start buying canned food boys
And it is a Friday too. WE ARE DOOMED!!
Has nobody suggested it’s just referencing **The Enchiridion, by Epictetus**? It’s 50 short stoic life lessons, and they could just be pointing out lessons #8, #13, and #21.  
  
8 - Don't demand that things happen as you wish, but wish that they happen as they do happen, and you will go on well.  
  
13 - If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid with regard to external things. Don't wish to be thought to know anything; and even if you appear to be somebody important to others, distrust yourself. For, it is difficult to both keep your faculty of choice in a state conformable to nature, and at the same time acquire external things. But while you are careful about the one, you must of necessity neglect the other.  
  
21 - Let death and exile, and all other things which appear terrible be daily before your eyes, but chiefly death, and you win never entertain any abject thought, nor too eagerly covet anything.
That's when the last Evangelion rebuild movie comes out.
Someone talked about this a while back on another post. The numbers are most likely referencing important page numbers in the D&D player’s handbook that would be most often used in character creation.
oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit
We get it. It's either fibonacci or some dnd shit. I want it to be a date. Let's spice this shit up
This assumes that the '21 refers to 2021 and not say 2121 or 2221
Not a date but a D&D stat guide.
Time to buy a shitload of bubblegum
As much as a nuclear war would suck, if it gives me any reason to suspect Adventure Time is actually a collection of stories from the future, I'll atomize peacefully.
You're reading it wrong, it's Smarch 8th 2021.
time to freeze myself in 1 Millennium
ಠ_ಠ
That’s my birthday
it's even a friday the 13th...
Looking forward to it. I'm waiting for my Cosmic Owl croak dream.
The Taliban just took over Afghanistan
They're letters relating to the place in numerical order

8 - C

13 - U

21 - M


My level of genius is unheard of.
guys what if pen ward releases something in this date??? or something like that you know.
All these people saying that it's not a date but some DnD stuff of a Fibonacci sequence not a date, y'all ever thought that it could be all 3?
Pretty sure that's Fibonacci sequence
Shit, the Mushroom War starts on my birthday.
Ok, we have no idea what it is, but it is definately not a war date. I mean, **the Ultimate Master of Adventure Time Canon and Non-Canon** u/Jagm_11 [calculates](https://atchronology.com/) it to be c. 2010 and so far the closest one to the truth.
WTF ON MY BIRTHDAY???? HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS
He is inevitable. He is beyond strength.

8.13.21
It’s time
It's time boys, we had a good run. v.v
Today, all of you stay away from my fries.
Mushroom war yay
Oh hey the world ended on my birthday! sweet!
time to freeze myself in 1 Millennium
Uh oh...
Fibonacci
Fibonacci
fingers crossed.  we can use something like that right about now
Whoa weird!
Oh crap!
In which dead world are we all gonna meet up? \^\^
War for my birthday :^)
So is Solar Sands 1 million sub special
Oh no
Or in a hundred years and 8 days...
U/Imgtotextbot
/u/captionbot
You guys gave me a lot to research today and for that I’m thankful
8 + 5 + 8 = 21
Coool, coooool, cooool. Lands on a Friday the 13th. Couldn’t have been better.
I can only hope.
Fuck! I was just about to turn my life around!
Me gearing up with the fin sword
Well there has been a strange fungus growing in mulch around my town recently
At least I’ll be in Hawaii for the Mushroom war (even though I’m there to spread my grandmothers ashes)
Cannot wait. Absolutely hyped.
That is Fibonacci Sequence
I Don't Know How The Hell We Are Going To Survive Two Apocalypses

First Is The Mushroom War Starts In 8 Days

And There's The Judgement Day From Terminator That Will Happen In 21 Days

.\_.
Oh no
I’m getting soup
Oh thank god make it stop. I’ll personally hand the lich my rotting soul.
It would be so cool if the last distant lands episode aired on the state randomly and it was about the great mushroom war.
Oh joy. Starts on my birthday. I better get ready
I am so ready for this. BRING ONNNNNN THE ZOMBIES AND ICE KING ORIGIN
that's the day my uncle comes to Italy in visit....wait.....he's an enthusiast about pyrotechnics....OH SHIT!!!
Quick, hide your arch dukes!
Oh shit
that's my dad's birthday...


foreshadowing?
Im ready to die :D
time to build a fallout shelter, bring my mask and find that damn crown
Dang it, my gas masks won’t be here by then…
oh god no
Once again, my birthday.
Finally! This whole life thing was getting on my nerves. Bring on candy kingdom.
"Yay we can finally die!" -- baloons
Crap, I need to find a way to preserve myself for thousands of years and fast
Confused fibonacci noises
monkaS
Oh god
So we’re ending the year off on a bang I see (end of year because end of world
My birthday!
Oh good it's before a huge deadline at work! Score!
At this point it doesn't sound so farfetched.
Yeah no umm im hyped
Oh no, there go my birthday plans
I literally marked this on my calendar yesterday
honestly wouldnt even be surprised
Seems so possible, damn!
Oh no
Oh no! Anyway...
!Remind Me 8 days
Bring it
On my birthday!! 8•13
No no no! 

You see, my friend, the enchiridion is actually an old players handbook from 3.5e! 

Those pages tell you about stats, race, and class!
haha yaaaayyyy NUKES
What if it’s the day that distant lands 4 wizards city starts streaming. This is what I hope the most.
Aw man, the 4th episode of Distant land’s hasn’t come out yet tho
Wow, in 8 days Evangelion 3.0+1.0 will be release on prime video :0
WELP. TIME TO CRY
Hold onto your butts
I really hope so.
I hate existence and doing stuff.
I also love it but I like the thought of an end.
On a Friday no less.

Hmm was gonna get a Tront tat but maybe I'll do AT in honour of the war.
!remindme 6 days
FIVE DAYS BEFORE SHROOMFEST!? ‽‽‽
oh sure, i forgot that
The mushroom war happens when i turn 14, i know my profile says otherwise but thats not my actual birth date
Just me who is Actully scarred for this.
ANARCHY!
I think what will happen is the enchiridion will be released like they did with Journal 3
[flashbacks](https://preview.redd.it/pvvoyag9ejt51.jpg?width=1729&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f369166637e185f2b1021f58c3d6f6e8c858fea7)
Time too make some bacon pancakes,
What’s the mushroom war?
Don't mind me, I'm just going to use this in 3 days in twitter
Nice observation !
Oh yea
Oh shit....
One day remaining.
Happy mushroom war day x
It has begun
It's time.
:)
Hey op I wanted to say this has been making me paranoid for days and wanted to know if it's true like will it rly happen?
It has started 😈
#Today
Time pls, I'm waiting
Damn
8/13/21 is the day i took my first dose of the vaccine 🙀
Well its 8/30 and Im still waiting
CHICKEN SOUP GET THE CHICKEN SOUP
i am so confused, does that not say August 13th, 2021?  
edit: LOL i'm so dumb, forgot i was looking at top all time posts
that was so cool to find that out almost a year ago
Could just be the day they start writing
Could be 3021 lol
Uh oh
What do we do to prepare for such an event
There are just 12 months
The King of Ooo (upvote so when its searched on google we will see the true king of ooo, instead of that wax hustler)

Do you think Air and BMO are still together?
I just realized...did Bmo have that bib on as a beard? Like he’s so old now and he thinks old people have beards? That’s the cutest of its that. For some reason, I thought it was suppose to be a shirt.
Have fun on the other side of this door! 
[deleted]
I resent this. 
Can this sub be more popular? I want it to be more popular. 
Its working guys! Not at the top yet, but with a little effort it can now be found on google when searching king of Ooo!
I feel like this is a scam by OP to get them sweet karma but I would upvote the real King of Ooo anyway.
I can’t support this as a follower of the one true King of Ooo
I think you mean kink of goo.
I WAS HERE, BLESS THE KING OF OOO
I always thought bmo was female. I was hella confused at the finale
Did you just spoil AT for me?
I honestly prefer the regular King of Ooo (Wax Hustler) because he was the King of Ooo we knew during Finn and Jake era, not 1,000 years later
[deleted]
But what about the king of r/ooer ?
I'm so sorry but..... aputree
You don’t like Prubs? 
