Best Girl 9 Prediction Tournament! 

**The Best Girl 9 contest itself is happening [over here](https://animebracket.com/best-girl-9-salty-girl-senpai/results) with new rounds daily!** This prediction tournament is betting on how *those* votes will go.

New threads are posted at 22:00 UTC (6 PM EDT).

#**[Vote for your favorite girls here!](https://animebracket.com/best-girl-9-salty-girl-senpai/vote)**
I predict that Holo and Saber will both go far, but lose.
No Holo option....
Chitanda should win, but most of you have shit taste.
I can't wait for all the new members in this sub to finally discover this yearly salt pile ritual. I've been here since the very first one and let me just say I'm still incredibly salty about the Best Girl 3 finalists.

Hopefully this year's threads get some love since the last few years' posts have gotten buried. Hope the mod team finally comes around and stickies the threads, but they probably won't considering they didn't in prior years. Shame.
All I want for Christmas is a Saber dub

A Saber dub

Just a Saber dub
How is it that the Best Girl 9 Prediction Tournament posts always makes it to the main reddit front page, while the actual Best Girl Tournament posts do *not*?
I predict Holo will get top 8 and lose again despite easily being the best girl to ever exist
To anyone wondering, here's the top 3 seeds from the previous contests:

- Best girl 1: Jibril, Kurisu, Senjougahara 
- Best girl 2: Rin, Yui, Saber 
- Best girl 3: Senjougahara, Saber, Rin 
- Best girl 4: Megumin, Rem, Emilia 
- Best girl 5: Aqua, Rem, Megumin 
- Best girl 6: Megumin, Aqua, Holo 
- Best girl 7: Kaguya, Megumin, Chika 
- Best girl 8: Aqua, Emilia, Mai

(As Best girl 8 is most recent/relevant, here's the top 12 seeds: #1 Aqua #2 Emilia #3 Mai #4 Chika #5 Hayasaka #6 Megumin #7 Holo #8 Shinobu #9 Yui #10 Kei #11 Violet #12 Nezuko)

As for my pick: Yesterday I had a feel for Saber because she was top spot in the elimination vote, but I don't know... She was #23 in BG8.

Think I'll go with **Hayasaka**. Or maybe Vivy/Lena, recency bias and all that.
I see that c.c doesn't get much love
Best Girl topic: 584 upvotes.

Best Girl Predictions topic: 33.9k upvotes

OK.
I predict that, once again, Akane Tsunemori will not get as far as she deserves.
Bruh... it's only trash waifus...
Fuck is this?
I was mildly amused to see that Holo as seed no. 1 isn’t one of the default options…

As for newcomers, people seems to forget that JJK is participating for the first time and thus Nobara Kugisaki is an option.
Go holo!
CC should obviously win but y'all suck
Ai Hayasaka is objectively best girl. The narrator told me so.
The link never work for me for this reddit tournament, do i need to use new reddit to see what is that?
I also predict Holo will get top 8 and lose again despite easily being the best girl to ever exist
Will it be Megumin? Yes.

Do I wish it would be Violet? Also yes.
I voted megumin, didn't even read the other options.
Holo my waifu.
Megumin always best girl
Hori deserves more...
86 needs more recognition, the rest have plenty enough wins.
I have no idea what this is, but I dumped all my ~~Bit~~BestGirl Coin on Ai.
Voting on best minors is a lil wild but okay
I’m confused what this is?
Hayasaka was always best girl for me in her own show. But lately in S3 she feels like an S tier waifu
Queen Elaiza Teofilo
jesus, the first 3 are all top tier choices, but I will go with my girl Shouko Nishimiya.
Hestia is bestia!!
I predict that this post will never disappear from the front page despite people are just as well able to make their comments in the daily tournament posts.
Exxplooosion!!!
This is so dogshit, its just a competition between the most popular shows.
A war is coming...
Bruh I fuckin love 86
My only prediction is that I will get salty as bit part characters from Kaguya Sama like Kei or Maki will inevitably knock out a bunch of fantastic best girls from great shows who have way better stories and loads more screen time due to recency bias and show popularity bias.

I'm pretty certain in my prediction.

I must admit I hope we get a bit of a pushback against the kaguya sama steam train. I like the show a lot but if you were to only read this sub you'd be forgiven for thinking Kaguya Sama was the best anime made in the last 5 years which it isn't.

Oh god I'm already kind of salty and we haven't even started yet.
I have to imagine this is Hayasaka's tournament to lose coming off another season. Aqua and Megumin are solid perennial contenders at this point but I don't expect one of them to win unless they have momentum from a recent new season.

I also expect the Mushoku Tensei girls to put up a strong showing as newcomers but they won't be able to escape the controversial discourse around their show in later rounds.

^(Disclaimer: I have zero insight into what's happening behind the scenes so just my inference as another sub user.)
I have no idea who these characters are lmao.
Megumin best girl.She's got an explosive personality
Is it too late to sign-up for voting on the actual best girl poll?
Who tf is tie? Lol
Better hope your best girl wins this year cause I think Yor is gonna easily win next year lol
Speedwagon wins
Help- I was just scrolling through Reddit and I accidentally tapped someone ;v; I don’t even know what this anime is— is there maybe a way to un-vote?
Holo is my favorite waifu
Oh i thought knuckles the echidna. Silly me.
Echidna is life
Let Shouko win!!
Why does this have 28k upvotes lol
It won’t let me vote
Me who has no idea who any of the characters are (probably partially because I wasn’t paying much attention): *OTHER*
I pray to the Anime Deities that Futaba will overcome the monumental task of besting Aqua, but I'm afraid it's unlikely
emilia should win but you guys suck
Holo lets gooo this is the year !!!
Why is it every time I hear about this the tournament is always at its late stages?  


At least Aqua and Megumin have made it in far this year.
downvoting because no misato
My 2 fav girls in the finals… the pain. I love both Hayasaka and Lena but had to vote for Lena.
Sorry, but i don't see Tali'Zorah nar Rayya, and as such, this is invalid.
Could someone explain what this is?😭
Why are there so many repeat contests?
I don't know any of these characters I guess I'm not weeb enough for this sub
I’m surprised C.C. Is on here. Everyone I know irl that watches anime has no clue who tf she is
Lmao this shit is so easy. Just ride the Hayasaka hype train. Its as if you guys have lost the capacity to think otherwise.
Please tell me this isn't one of those annoying ass posts that will pop up in my front page months later.
I bet this is Chika’s year. Although Hayasaka is better I don’t think the ignorant masses will awknoledge this.
Blocked
Mods will conspire against Zero Two by declaring popularity surges as brigading.

Whoever can brigade the most should obviously win and brigading should even be encouraged. The more brigades the better.
Please stop this bullshit from showing up on my front page.
Where is Speedwagon?
Hoping Holo makes it 4 years in a row beating Megumin
Chika will obviously win
Idk any of these except aqua and darkness and neither are best
I dont remember my username
[removed]
Idfk I dont watch ankme all the much.
I dont get what's with r/anime and love is war... It had a cool concept but I dropped it in half of S2 due to the cringe
Get this shot out my feed
What the fuck is this weeb shit
All options are garbage.
I've seen almost 300 anime and don't know who either of these people are
Anyone have a handy hint on how to stop these things from getting in my timeline?
Fujiwara for life
Chika is my choice 😉
[deleted]
violet
Where are my best girl Eiko and Desumi?
Anzu from Hinamatsuri should be a part of these lists, but y'all too blind to see that.
Lets go Kaori!!!
Literally just started Fate so it’s obvious what my choice is
I might seem dumb for asking this but i dont see kaguya shinomiya in any of the brackets or the lists. Is there are reason for that? It could just be that I missed her somewhere.
rimuru or raphael is my best girl
If saber doesn’t win I’m going to be pissed no lie
All of them are fine and all....but where is Ishigami?
Is Marin not eligible for the bracket this year?
HAYASAKA SUPREMACY
Thats one hell of a bracket. Id say its CC but p sure the seasonal hype will give it to hayasaka.
[removed]
Power or makima from chainsaw man
Aqua
the most salty episode I remember was Asuna vs Zero Two matchup (and subsequent Asuna's victory)
can u tell me about that route?
Let's go bestcat Karyl, you will probably leave now and I will be sad but I still hope for the best! 

https://gfycat.com/achingpopularborer
I’d like to predict but I don’t memorize the names of every single character so I’m fucked.
I strongly encourage people who "care" about this contest to vote, as it seems we're having some of the worst turn out contest wise to start.

This is the lowest voting turn out in a first round in a while, probably since the OG contest. Voting will certainly have an effect compared to past years, so go nuts. Or maybe it's just an off year because of the new crop of characters not being as exciting.
I predict Ishigami will pop out of nowhere and win the whole tournament, no one will even come close
Yor
I'm surprised Holo is still known these days
i know megumin will win, but i must go all in for violet nontheless
Wow
How tf dp people remember normal names. I'm suprised I remembered gojos name after I watched the first season so I have no hope of recognising these people xd
Ah yess. The saltiness is back
Tsukasa and taiga are my fav picks
I know she won't win, but I will always staunchly be team r/OneTrueSaten
I notice a distinct lack of a white clad, rapier using swordswoman.
so hard to choose the most votes for this day lol, going with one of the kaguya girls since that show is popping off right now
I pray that Saiba gets what she deserves. And that’s the NUMBER ONE SPOT OF BEST GIRL
megumin will win. but i dont want her to
I really wish Holo would finally win, she is the best girl and that's just fax. Anyone that says otherwise either hasn't watched spice&wolf or is a lost cause
No c.c. fans I guess
Where's the twink Kinga at?
Too easy for Roxy
Idk wth is this.
Aqua & Megumin gonna go far 💯
Not a single decent character on the list smh my head
So how does this determine who wins? I'm still unclear on that.
DWAYNE JOHNSON
You need to add more to that list
How times have changed...
R
Holo will take first… maybe not this time, but soon.
All in on Lena!!
Me
Wer shimarin
I got 76th on my first time participating on the contest and I didn't even vote from rounds 1-3. I'll definitely come for the ones on top, mark my words!
mods please don't use that reddit page - it's not supported on old.reddit.com
The majority of these are from super recent seasons, as expected.
What the fuck is this and why is it on my shitpost fyp
[removed]
No b*tches? Just f*ck pillows?
Who is c.c?
Who is c.c?
Who is c.c?
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
I want Violet to win it, and go further than saber
Prediction? Its a fact that Yor is picked and will win.

Bonus:
https://www.tumgir.com/tag/sxf%20yor%20forger
Saber about to lose biggly
Wiz
be me

binge Bakemonogatari

cant decide
Where's lalatina
Where: Mai sakurajima,
Yukino yukinoshida,
Makise kurisu,
Shea haulia,
Tohka,
Senjyougahara,
Tsukuyu,
Otae shimura,
Highschool of the dead girls,
Rem?
I have no idea who these people are.
Idk who any of these are
Yay, finally this post is on its way out. Sad to see that it's still 96% upvoted though.
Kaguya-sama: Love Is War - Season 3 announced!

[Link to the official JP announcement (on Twitter).](https://twitter.com/anime_kaguya/status/1320289876248424449)

More details can be found [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/jhqdgv/kaguyasama_love_is_war_season_3_announced/ga16rh0/).
You thought it would end at Season 2.








How Cute.
# TODAY'S RESULTS:

# EVERYONE WINS
They announced this at a concert, hyped it up... AND FUCKIN JEBAITED US SAYING IT WAS AN OVA and then revealed S3. Fuckin hell Kaguya-sama.
That fake out with OVA was cruel...
As a kaguya stan. I was also watching this live. Big fat tears came out of my eyes.

**MY FAVE ARC GETTING ADAPTATION!!!!!!!**
Season 3 & an OVA were announced at the end of the live stage performance of Kaguya-sama: Love is War! 

The announcement was immediately followed by a grand performance of LOVE DRAMATIC with the legendary Suzuki Masayuki!

(The entire event was amazing and all the voice actors are incredible.)


「かぐや様は告らせたい on Stage ～秀知院音楽譚～」

2020年10月25日(日）
15:15開場 / 16:00開演

kaguya.love/event/

[Event video will be sold on Blu-ray & DVD on 2021/2/24](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ElKgNbVVMAEqr4Q?format=jpg&name=large)

-------------

Season 3 & OVA is officially in production! 

*Planned for 2021*

[Official newsletter image of S3 + OVA announcement](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ElKgMZCVMAAbPbB?format=jpg&name=large)

[Official announcement tweet + video from @anime_kaguya](https://twitter.com/anime_kaguya/status/1320289876248424449)

[Alternate Streamable link to video of reveal](https://streamable.com/934nmy)

------

【緊急告知】
恋愛頭脳戦。それは、お互いの尊厳をかけた男女の戦いー。
この物語は、まだまだ始まったばかりなのである……。

TVアニメ「かぐや様は告らせたい」新作アニメーション製作決定

----

[MyAnimeList page for Season 3](https://myanimelist.net/anime/43608/Kaguya-sama_wa_Kokurasetai__Tensai-tachi_no_Renai_Zunousen_3)

-----------
Will the war finally end?

Or will it become a wider battlefield?

Find out next, on Kaguya-sama Season 3?!

Also hopefully we get Masayuki Suzuki S3 OP for the trifecta!
Maaan this is heavily emotional with me. I was close to ending up dead just a few months back. One of the few regrets was legitimately not being able to see Kaguya season 3 so this is perfect.
#**LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
It only gets better from here. Very excited :)
And also an OVA! Which they announced first and trolled everyone watching for a few seconds.

Worth noting: I *think* the OVA is confirmed for 2021, and S3 didn't have a date attached. But not like I could read any of it besides the numbers, so...
BEST ARC INCOMING

GET HYPE
This was never under doubt but glad to hear it announced. I was so surprised ny people saying "Not sure we'll have an S3 because romcoms don't get too many seasons and they might end here", and I was like hell this is one of the most popular romances of the decade, how could it not have more seasons when they're making so much money off of it?
Oh yessss, best arc coming right up!!!
Time for my girl Maki to shine (and suffer)
HELLO r/ANIME, I'VE COME TO TAKE OVER YOUR KARMA AGAIN.

&#x200B;

\--SHINOMIYA ZAIBATSU, 2020
As an Anime only, all I know is this: One of the highest upvoted threads on r/Manga is the discussion thread for a chapter that happens somewhere in the 150-170s range, which will be probably covered in this season...

I’m gonna be looking forward to this...
SAO: I’m gonna be the highest upvoted anime announcement


Kaguya: O kawaii koto
I’ve been in a limbo state ever since season 2 ended thinking “Of course there’s gonna be a season 3” but anxiously waiting for it to be confirmed 

Let’s goooo
I always comeback here to check if this will be the most upvoted post here already and holy sht it needs less than 300 upvotes now. The Kaguya-sama hype here oh my god.
**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**

**2 COUR**  
**2 COUR**
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
I really thought I'd just been bamboozled with that OVA announcement, but then they hit us with the uno reverse card.
[Kaguya season 3 trending on japanese twitter](https://i.imgur.com/o6Iwa3F.png). 

Really hope it's more than 13 episodes because I really like the mini arc that happens right after the main one finished. It is really meant to be experienced back to back.

Edit: Damn looks like this post is going to become the most upvoted post on r/anime
⚠️⚠️ ANIME OF THE YEAR 2021 ANNOUNCED ⚠️⚠️
Oh god. If they animated the Virtual Streamer chapter and included Coco and Korone, that would be freaking great.
Eh....that good, I guess. Nothing special.

( Narrator : That's a lie ! This man has been screaming for the past 10 minutes because of happiness )
Number 1 baby

*oh love me mista, oh mista*
Hey OP, not sure if you realize but this is now the top post of /r/anime
Can 2020 end already. I can’t wait for 2021
I knew it was coming, Aka was promoting this event like crazy on his twitter.
Season 3 finale will break the internet
**BRO I LITERALLY JUST WATCHED SEASON 1 AND 2 AGAIN AND FINISHED THE LAST EPISODE LIKE 3 MINUTES AGO THIS IS A SIGN OF HEAVEN**
31.6k upvotes, damnnn is this a record on r/anime or what?
30 FUCKING K?
It has been done. This is now the NUMBER 1 POST IN R/ANIME!!!!!!!
No surprises the Shinomiya family is funding its money maker.

Here's to more Hayasaka.

[Season 3 spoilers](/s "I've been waiting for the rap arc my whole life.")
Twitter announcement: [https://twitter.com/anime\_kaguya/status/1320289876248424449](https://twitter.com/anime_kaguya/status/1320289876248424449)
FUCK YEAH

My whole week has been made thank you aka
2 cour please
LETS FUCKING GOOO!
Never been so hyped for something like this.
Wow this actually became the topvoted post on this sub
Today's result : Kaguya-sama's win
the mad lads did it

the ramen commercial made enough for them
SAO: P had a good one month run of being top of all time in this sub, it's still nice tho. Kaguya really is dominating in this sub, and to think the anime series only started just 2 years ago in this sub. 

Probably the only one that can beat this record I could think of is Re:Zero S3 announcement.

Aqua Yoga Pants is now dethroned from the #1 spot of all-time posts in this sub, Shinomiya Zaibatsu > Axis Cult

If we include all anime or anime-referenced posts in this website, the highest upvoted anime post of all time is "Guy Naruto Running caught on TV", at 199k.
This is officially the 2nd most upvoted post here on anime subreddit, we winning bois. 

But will this dethrone the Aqua fanart tho???
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO

The best arc is here. We are going to see a lot of diabetes.
Woah this is insane s3 is gonna wreck everything lmao

Fuck 2020; 2021 is where it is at rn
30k karma...someone make this r/anime’s mascot already.
S3 didnt even begin yet and its already breaking records on the sub. Sasuga Shinomiya-sama.
Season 1: Mister

Season 2: Daddy

Season 3: Honey?
kagguya sama has the top post in both anime and manga subreddits damn
Bruh and just hours after I bought the first volume of the manga.
[removed]
The year 2021 is really the best.
Hey yall 🖐️
Just finished season 2, can't wait for season 3.
The most epics of bait and switches, for what will by far be the most epic season yet. Get fucking hype.
NICEEEE!!!! 2021 gets better and better. It's finally coming.
“Exclamation mark” IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS





To those who get the reference, hats off to you. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
kazuma san! I've been surpassed by kaguya sama!
So glad to see this happen. I was always afraid s3 might never happen like so many other famous anime that just never get sequels after the first or second season, but I'm glad that isn't the case for my favorite series. :)
The hype train is real and unstoppable 🚄🚅🚅🚅🚅🚅
we knew it was coming but this is HUGE
🌨️📞💑🌨️
I just want this to be animated. Hype!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
There's A LOT of stuff that hasn't been animated yet, and I'm so excited to see [Kaguya manga](/s "the culture festival confession")
most likely happening this season. I'm just so excited to see this.
Just finished season two and can’t wait
Hope it's gonna be as good as the two first ones
2020, I forgive you
Best Arc Incoming....
This young man is so pleased that he started to shadowboxing for the announcement of third season

Today's result : Everyone's win

[2.24 the young man started shadowboxing](https://youtu.be/SEVlnSvBvbU)
O kawai koto
glad it’s coming back soon i really missed my weekly dose of president chad
Oh shit, they're gonna adapt THAT chapter
Yooooo, this post beat that Aqua in yoga pants post. Gaddamn!
Oh man, I really hope they [Kaguya manga spoilers](/s "don't end it on the Cultural Festival and have the Ice Kaguya arc as well. Those two kinda go together back-to-back and I really think solely having the Cultural Festival would diminish the impact.")
Looks like Kaguya will set new all time highest karma record in this sub. 

This is insane.
YES!
FUCK YES 2021 IS GONNA BE AMAZING
THE BAITS INTO NON-BAITS LETS GOOOOO
Yo this season will be lit!!!! As a manga reader I can't wait for it!!!!!
Oh love me mister
Oh yes a S2 OVA and a Season 3... 2021 here we come
At this point, it’ll beat Aqua in a yoga pants
IT'S OFFICIAL!!!

The announcement post for Kaguya-sama Season 3 is now the most upvoted post on r/anime. They also did this in less than 24 hours. The support and love that Kaguya gets from reddit is unreal!

I wonder if the final episode of season 3 will have the similar numbers of karma in this post? I mean it's not crazy knowing ep. 12 of Kaguya-sama s1 has 600+ awards?
Time to break the karma record
O kawaii koto
HYPE
I'm currently watching s2 and it's both good and super annoying with the will they won't they.
But the characters and comedy is good.

I now remember why I stopped with the high school comedies. It feels weird being almost 30 and also the empty feeling of all the last time of high school / college.
I am so glad this is top all time
Also they getting OVA !!POG!!
I WAS THERE
Darn it, I missed the announcement by 12 minutes while watching an episode of old Higurashi season 2.....

Anyway (unlike Higurashi ironically) this is a definite no-brainer and one that I would be far more surprised in not getting a season 3. As an anime-only watcher I look forward to further developments, new characters that I have heard of [spoilers](/s "A Certain Maki Shijou") and more love-is-wars [spoilers](/s "The Battles for Ishigami")!

Doesn't sound like we are getting season 3 by next year though, but I'll take the OVA in the interim. :)
Now this post already has more upvotes than the season 2 anouncement. only 100 votes to go and this will become the all time most upvoted new season announcement on this sub, beating the re:zero season 2 anouncement.

Edit: And now it already has more than re:zero.
This became the top post in like a day, holy shit
Absolutely top tier show. Cheers, A-1! Looking forward to it.
We all knew it was going to happen. Still hyped as fuck.
Omg. Kaguya-sama: Love Is War is on a roll. 3 seasons on a short amount of time.
Holy im so excited wooooo
I shook my legs so much in excitement, they almost cramped up
Don't mind me, just farming karma and medal here.
HELL YEAH
Fat W for society. Hopefully it'll be same staff
**O Kawai koto**
Cant wait for the new op ngl
2021 is looking awesome holy crap
WE GETTING A SEASON 3 AND I'M HERE FOR IT
FUCK YES
Read the manga

YEHEHEHEEEEH BOI
 This gonna be so good
HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE
POG
🥳
the general chat went crazy brooo that was insane, but also im glad its confirmed
Karma records are about to be broken this season. This is HYPE
Daddy Daddy Do intensifies
C'mon huys this post need to be in the top of all time in r/anime
LET'S FUCKING GO
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Really????
POGGERS
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THE BEST ARC IS COMING WOOOOOOOO
Okay, I’m fine with this.

Narrator: He lied. In fact, he was so overjoyed, he began fist-pumping in bed as soon as he heard the news. He had been looking forward to this one for months.
This arc is going to be hell for manga spoilers and especially the r/anime moderators. Good luck o7
*that episode* is gonna be the top voted post on this sub, mark my words.
“Eh I don’t really care that much.”
USO DE ARU
This man has been waiting months for a confirmation and had the biggest grin in the world.
Pffft I couldn’t even find season 2

You expect me to watch season 3

How cute
Yo so hype
😝😝😝 let’s gooooo
Damn, this is the top post of r/anime now. Another win for the ishigami clan.
Well that’s cool I guess
Made my afternoon LET'S GOOOOOO!
Still salty about getting spoiled tho
Yaaas, this is my favorite rom com anime
LETS FKN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i was here
Niiiiice
YO HELL YA!!!!
Will the same staff be returning?
LETS GO BABY, WOOOOOOHOOO
The madlads did it, they jebaited us thinking its only OVA. Anyway hype for season 3, how cute
Just finished reading the manga today and was feeling very emotional now this comes out of no where and made me happy again! (You All ain't ready for what is coming next season(and especially the season after that))
Best news to wake up to, arigato Kaguya-sama!
i just finished catching up with the manga, i'm so fucking excited
Boys it finally happening
Which means another fire op is on the way 😁
Im surprisingly not hyped, im just in my normal mood, dont get me wrong, the season 2 is anime of the year for me, but was expecting this, i never had fear of not getting a third season
Bloody hell, 35k upvotes, the most on r/anime history until now
the year is here. let's go boys
LETS FUCKING GO!!!! 2021 IS GONNA BE THE GREATEST ANIME YEAR OF ALL TIME!!!!
HOLY SHIT LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
the power of ochinchin continues
[deleted]
The goat
Greatest news I've ever heard
And the war continues.
Pog champ
YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
IT'S HAPPENING, EVERYONE STAY FUCKING CALM!
Take that doubters

OVA jebait then announcing season 3, these people are fucking chads
FUCK YES! Now we're finally getting to the spicy shit
No fricking way.. I literally just finished 2° season yesterday with my friend. (My second time watching because I was showing him) but what a timing...
As a manga reader, I just want to tell the anime only fans that you are in for an amazing season
I was here
Lets fucking gooo
WWWWW
YOOOOO
Season 3! I mean, that's nice, I guess.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Narrator: ***He's lying.*** This is the best news he's heard all year! He's so excited, he's been Daddy Daddy Doo-ing all day!
2020 was worth it for this.
LETS GOOOO
It's party time guys !!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOO
#POG
Praise the gods!!!
Nice. There's a currently ongoing concert with all the VAs attending, so I thought there's a good chance to have a third season announced
YESSSS
Fuck yeah
OH YES
How cute
WE 

MOVE
YES YES YES
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
Oh .. I should really get to finishing Season 2, shouldn't I?
Everyone: thinking that only gonna announce the OVA

The staff: I'm 4 parallel universe ahead of you
Oh fuck yeah! I’m caught up with the manga and I’m still so excited!
Real shit, if Season 1 was good, and Season 2 great, Season 3 is where Kaguya cements itself as the best romcom manga of all time, or at least worthy of being in the top 3. It's fantastic, and everything after it is as well. I am beyond hyped, and I can't wait for anime-onlies to see it.
My god between this re zero second cour and aot final season i wonder which will have the highest upvoted post ( we know which will have the highest awards) i honestly think Kaguya climax episode have a good chance even though personally want a certain scene of re zero to beat it. If it airs at 2021 it will be an amazing year for anime a good day to be fan all 3 especially if all 3 are in your top 10 .
A fantastic day cant wait for 2021 just end it already
karma records will be broken with this. next arc or two is just pure bliss
As expected. Time for Kaguya-sama to seal itself as the greatest ever romcom!
One of the few shows that has me laughing every episode, can't wait. Let's hope for a spring release.
WOOOOOO yeah baby this is what we’ve been waiting for that’s what it’s all about
OMG 😭😭😭LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!
This actually has a chance of becoming top post on this sub. Only 7k upvotes missing.
I never watch this. Guess I'll add it to the list to watch
HOLY SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Yessssssss omgggfggggggggg ahahahahhshsgshd
wow that's great, expected based on its popularity, can't wait
I’m so excited
Naisu
I hope they add something a bit new to add flavour
Wtf there’s a season 2?
The end of season 3 is going to be a frontrunner for best anime moment of the last 10 years, already so hyped
WOOOOOOOO LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Holy cow, this post is only few thousands of karma away to be the most upvoted post on this subreddit. Looks like season 3 will break the internet when THAT episode airs.
I don't know what this anime is about, but wohoooo let's go!!!!!!
Eh, who cares. It's not that big a deal. I'm not excited at all.
.
.
.





-





**BUT THAT WAS A LIE. THIS MAN WAS EXTREMELY EXCITED FOR THE NEW SEASON TO THE POINT THAT HE WOULD BE UNABLE TO SLEEP TONIGHT.**
Nice, now i just hopes that Tower of God gets a announcement of a S2 aswell, these two saved Spring.
when an anime announcement is 2nd in top of all time
HYPE LEVELS UNCONTROLLABLE
YES YES YES YES

Y E S
Let's goooooo
This has got to be the festival arc right?
hell yea, can't wait
Fastest 3 season anime ever to come out
I’m so happy I’m might die of happiness
YaY
Gotta see if they still make the confession impossible.
Isbitb
nice,i hope the demon slayer movie gets released worldwide
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I saw this on discord and was sooo fucking hyped, Upvote if chika fanboy.

Btw heres where I saw it: [Kaguya Sama: Love Is War Season 3](https://twitter.com/anime_kaguya/status/1320289876248424449)
2021 is going to be one great year for anime
"Berserk" creator Kentaro Miura dead at 54

Awful news, he died so young
this is so horrible. RIP to a talented legend. so many people joked about berserk never getting finished, but for it to actually happen this way... incredibly tragic
Damn, I bought the first volume of Berserk a month ago. I was hoping to eventually read the series when it finished. I may not have read Berserk, but my heart goes out to those who followed the story for so long and loved his work.
What an absolute tragic loss, 54 is way to early. 

Miura inspired many. Berserk is a masterpiece and will continue to inspire.
Wow that’s tragic, what an incredible mangaka truly feel for the Berserk community
I didn’t expect to wake up to this....I’m not even sure how to react...
Well, fuck.
Tragic loss. Miura is one of the greatest mangaka of all time and 54 is far too young. Rest in peace.
WHAT THE FUCK NO

fucking hell. rest in peace Miura. you created a masterpiece that will be remembered forever.

hope you had an amazing fulfilling life, as well as an afterlife.

edit: An aortic dissection is a serious condition in which the inner layer of the aorta, the large blood vessel branching off the heart, tears. Blood surges through the tear, causing the inner and middle layers of the aorta to separate (dissect)

Apparently its very painful,and rare. what a cruel unfair world.

edit2: i've been listening to this [OST](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70GD2SBCq64) and [guts theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f26KyGr6y8w) for the past two hours. 

edit3: [Kentaro Miura comment on chapter 362 \(released  October 2020\) "The author Makoto Takayama, a friend of mine for about ten years. has passed away.Because of corona I can't attend the funeral and express my feelings.So lonely..."](https://img.mghubcdn.com/file/imghub/berserk/362/15.jpg)


these are Kentaro Miura comments on the book health section from the past

I came down with a high fever of 40 degrees Celsius. Thinking about it, I've only had two days off this year. (1993, No. 12)

I've lost five kilos without doing anything. I wonder why? (1993, No.21)

In the past two months, my average sleep time has been less than four hours. Now I'll be Mr. Satonaka soon. (No.23, 1993)

Since I moved, my average sleep time has been less than four hours. I'm going to go gammu. (1994, No.16)

I had a day off for the first time in a month and a half, and when I went out, I got heatstroke! (1995, No. 17)

I went to Okinawa for my first big holiday as a manga artist, and spent two and a half days out of four suffering from heatstroke. (1998, No.19)

My first big holiday as a manga artist was to Okinawa. (No.21, 2002)

My days off are half days every two months. I haven't had two days off in a row for four years.
I'm getting tired of it. (No.23, 2004)

I collapsed again from overwork. I missed Gwynn's Hundred Great Books. Ugh! (2005, No.9)

It's the first time in my life that I've come down with a cold twice in one month. (2007, No.5)


I'll be 27 years old in July. Looking back, 27 years full of cartoons, is this what you want? (1993, No. 14)

It's the same every year, but I'm working on Christmas and New Year's Day. I want to eat Osechi once in a while. (1994, No.3)

I had a day off for the first time in a month and a half, and when I went out, I got heatstroke! (1995, No.17)

After a movie, I always go to the Loiho next to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building for a review meeting with friends and stay there until the first train leaves. (1996, No.1)

I bought some clothes and shoes for the New Year's party. I only have two pairs of sneakers. (1996, No.2)

I'll be 30 in July, and looking back, I've been drawing comics like Kintaro candy. (1996, No.12)

In a month and a half, I was only able to go out for two hours to have dinner at Jonathan's. A petite recluse? (2001, No.24)

If I don't see people for a long time, my mouth won't work properly. (2002, No. 7)

My thirties are almost over. My life is a mess, with nothing but manga.
But I can't take it back now, so I'm going to keep going!

I'm going to stay indoors again this year. (2006, No.3) After all, I'm not going to stay indoors because I'm lonely. (2006, No.4)

I've been too busy to go out for a week, and chocolate has become a precious food for me.
Thank you very much. (2006, No.6)

I drew soldiers all the time during my absence. (2007, No. 3)

Two-thirds of my body is made up of calorie mates.

So does that mean that 2/3 of Berserk is provided by Otsuka Pharmaceutical? (2009, No.19)


I couldn't see cherry blossoms with the naked eye even once this year. (2011, No.10)
He passed away on May 6 due to sudden Aortic dissection.

I have not seen the original manga or the anime adaptions (the 1997 anime version is in my plans) but I have heard so much praise on Berserk that I knew this must be a huge loss.

Rest In Peace.
Holy shit I didn't believe this was real at first. Rest in peace.
I read the Berserk recently only( still at ch 240 though) but his work was absolutely phenomenal, probably some of the best stories in fiction ever. So sad to see him passing this early, RIP Miura sensei.
Rest in peace, thank you for the masterpiece
I'm at a loss for words right now. I just can't believe it....
What? There's no way. I don't believe it

Edit: just saw his wikipedia entry change from "is" to "was". FUCK man.
What the fuck
I can't fucking believe it, that's way too sudden, 54 is way too early man.

Rest in piece Miura, your hands created a work that will always be remembered.
Nature’s first green is gold,

Her hardest hue to hold.

Her early leaf’s a flower;

But only so an hour.

Then leaf subsides to leaf.

So Eden sank to grief,

So dawn goes down to day.

Nothing gold can stay.
Fuuuuuuck. RIP. Fuck.
[Obligatory Guts Theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZa0Yh6e7dw)

Man what an absolute loss to the industry.  Berserk is an absolute legend of a series and as such had influenced a lot of manga that released alongside it, and by extension influenced a lot of media and art in general. I am sure that Berserks influence will continue into the future as well, but losing Kentaro Miura, the key individual behind the series is such a huge loss not just to the Manga itself but to the entire industry.

RIP Kentaro Miura - your stories were a major influence in getting into Manga and Anime in general when picking up the first copy of Berserk randomly at my local bookstore in the early 2000's during my coming of age phase of university.
My brain can't comprehend that he's actually gone, this is too sad
I'm at a lost of words. Miura literally helped mines and millions of fans through hard times. He was my favorite author, I never wanted to envision this happening... 

RIP to a legend
This sucks big time. I wonder if he ever finished Chapter 364 or we get some insight on what the ending would have been

SOMEONE NEEDS TO GO CONTRACT YOSHINHIRO TOGASHI AND MAKE SURE HE IS OKAY!!! LIKE ASAP!
No fucking way, berserk will never be finished but god damn
What the fuck… this is actually tragic. Not a berserk fan but it’s a huge loss for the industry and the world. So young too. So many of these authors leave here at such a young age. Praying for his family.
now i feel bad for joking he will die before finishing the manga
first off, RIP

no way....... holy shit
Did he leave behind instructions on how to finish Berserk? Or is it truly over? Either way, the man's work will be immortal, just sad he never got to finish it properly.
WHAT THE FUCK. I'm genuinely in disbelief. I've been following the manga for 10+ years and I always thought that I'm going to see the end one day.
 
He was such a talented artist and writer. what the fuck man this was his life's work and he doesn't get to finish it...

My condolences to his family and loved ones I hope he got to spend enough time with them in recent years.
Horrible tragedy. Gone too soon. May he rest in peace.
RIP. Not a Berserk reader but such a shocking news to hear. I hope people from now on stop with the "author will die before he finishes his manga" memes and jokes because it can turn out to be real any time.
Such sad news, 54 is too soon... 

Berserk is already a classic and will be forever a incredible piece of legacy. May he rest in peace.
He died doing what he wanted, no matter what right?

I bet he was *happy.*
This is fucking depressing and truly unfair after reading about how unlikely is this to happen.   
Berserk is one of the most powerful samples of what massive effort and sense of devotion could deliver in modern times. I really don't want to think it contributed slowly to his health problems due to overwork but I think it's inevitable.

Even unfinished, Miura delivered the greatest manga of all time to this world. His work will never be forgotten.

Rest in peace Miura sensei :((((
I refuse to believe just no fucking way this is happening wtf man. No fucking way
I'm done man, I'm taking a shower and going to sleep today had a shitty day and this is the icing on the cake. Fuck.
NO FUCKING WAY
I don't know what to say, I've been sitting here for like 30 minutes just wondering what to say. I guess the only thing that comes to mind is "I'm so sad". I never got upset when he went on breaks, with the level of work he was doing he probably needed every one of those breaks. I always hoped we would see the end of the saga some day, but now I'm just sad that we will never see more of his artwork and that he's just gone.

RIP Mr. Miura, one of the best that ever was
Holy fuck. This is the last bit of news I was expecting to see. Man I don't even think I'm fully processing it. I loved Berserk and was looking forward to what happens next. It sucks to hear. It really really does. Gonna go break the news to some of my friends who also loved the series.
[deleted]
Berserk was something that really inspired all of my creative projects. Something that really stuck with me for a long long time. Rest In Peace Miura.
Lost a legend.  His work will outlive him tenfold, truly lucky we had the pleasure of reading this man's work.

I hope his family finds peace.
Fucking hell, I haven't even read Berserk and I feel like crying.
Prayers out to Miura's family. Rest in peace to a legend.
Have not finished berserk but his art is second to none. His one my inspiration and why i love drawing. Rest in peace Miura-sensei.
God... I knew it was only a matter of time (dude has never been in good health) but it just sucks so much. Rest in peace you wonderful artist. I feel like crying.
I’ve read Berserk 3 times now. I’ve seen both shows, and all 3 movies dozens of times.

Me and coworkers have spent hours and hours breaking down the character of Guts, the relationship with Griffith and the purpose of their existence. The law of causality.

RIP Miura. You have created my favourite series of all time. And I know I’m not alone in saying that.
Damn this hits like a truck now. https://i.imgur.com/frzYeds.png
RIP, he was a real artist.
I just started reading the manga a week ago. Amazing detailed artwork and story so far (volume 9).

Too soon, RIP.
Only 54, absolutely fucking tragic. Never read Berserk but I think I may now out of respect.
I knew it was gonna happen. I knew it. I joked about it so much "He'll die before he completes it"

And then it really happened. I still am somehow thinking this isn't real.

Really sucks for him and his lvoed ones...but just damn.

GRR Martin could go any day now. 

Time to re-read what is out of Berserk.
Shit. Started reading berserk in high school, more than 10 years ago. I was one of those people always crying about the hiatuses, the loss in quality, etc. but I always came back for more anyway. Now I feel like I lost a relative I fought a lot with. And I'm like fuck I should have told people more how much I respect this man and his work instead of always complaining.
Fuck
Rest in peace sensei
RIP.  I did not read Berserk because I think the theme is too dark for me to read. But I know his manga is a masterpiece, top 1 in myanimelist.

A huge loss to the manga community.
I feel like a jerk that my first thought was "oh no, the manga will never be finished now".

But regardless of what happens to the series going forward it has been a great ride and Miura is a terrific artist. Rest in peace
Fuck dude, beyond being sad for the loss and for his family, I JUST got into Berserk like last week, and I’ve been tearing through it. RIP to a Legend of his craft.
I hope he played idolmaster until the end. It was his favourite game.
Holy shit, way too early for this man to go
I hope his family is coping well. It's good that they waited 2 weeks; they should be allowed to grieve as a family before getting any outsiders involved. To all of his fans, well, at least you have what he made in the first place. It may be incomplete, but it's better than not existing.

Everyone is wondering what the fate of the series would be; will it rest with his creator, or will someone take up the mantle and try to continue that. If it's the latter, good luck with whoever it is; those are big shoes to fill.
As I said on r/manga subreddit:

It's a terrible day for rain
54? That's not fair.
I don’t even know what to say. Just what the fuck. This is such a terrible loss. 54 isn’t even old these days! I had no idea he was even sick. Just RIP.

Edit: HE DIED ON MAY 6TH? HES BEEN DEAD FOR 2 WEEKS AND THIS IS JUST COMING OUT NOW?!
who awards "wholesome" at this tragic news ;-;
Didn't even read it but I still feel so bad, Rest in Peace
fuck man.. Beserk was important to not just the animanga world but in all of fiction, he really put his heart into each panel
I just started reading Berserk manga last night..
The Father of Dark Fantasy is no more. :(
I'm still in shock that he apparently died on May 6th. But I'm just grateful that his family has hopefully had time away from prying eyes to mourn him. 

Miura created a world that taught us all about perseverance through the strength of Guts. Rest in peace, Miura.
I didn’t read Berserk, but it’s impossible to not see how many people it touched and how amazing the artwork was.

It’s so sad to see someone pass before their vision can be completed, I’ve always felt blessed to be able to get some sort of ending to many long running series I’ve loved, you just never know when someone is going to go.

My hearts out to his family
Danm... That's realy sad, i'm a Berserk fan since i was 14 and i aways said i wound't live to see the end of Berserk, mangá as a whole suferred a huge loss today i just hope the same don't happen to Oda-sensei he have to finish One piece
Whats going to happen to Berserk now....
rest in peace kentaro miura. thank you for everything. you will be missed.
Very saddened by this, i started resding berserk about 10 years ago while i was going through a hard time in my life and his amazing art and writing and the struggle of guts and the perseverance he shows really helped me get through everything. 
Rest in peace Kentaro Miura thank you for everything my collection of berserk will always sit proudly on my shelf.
The only person to suffer worse than the Berserk community is right now,

is Guts...
Welp, that does it.

2021 is now officially worse than 2020
Wow. It's a sad day in the universe. I've never watched or read Berserk myself, but all of my friends did and when I heard it from them it was very painful, only 54 years young. R.I.P.
Jesus Christ.

It was always a thing in the Berserk community just like with GRR in the GoT community, but I can't believe Miura is actually dead...

It feels so strangely unreal.
If you've never read Berserk, it's arguably the best illustrated manga ever created.  Not only that, but the story itself is one of the best ever written.  Sadly, besides maybe the original anime, it was never adapted to its fullest potential.  And the latest chapter just introduced more questions than it actually answered.  

What a shame.  Miura never really had a publicized social life but I'm sorry for his friends and family.  We never truly knew what the guy was like.  My only hope as a reader and fan is that some type of future plan was put in place for a situation like this, but I sound so selfish for even saying it.  Even if we never get an ending, thank you for all the feels and inspiration KM 🍻
this hits harder than I thought it would. We always take authors for granted. I hope he finds the time to play all the idolmaster he wants now.  Berserk has had an influence as a genre definer. thanks for the great memories.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.

I’ve waited for twenty years, suffered through hiatus and hiatus, felt anguish to hope, to tragedy with guts this whole time; over and over, now this?  2021 is now officially worse than 2020.

RIP, you clever son of a bitch
Damn. What tragic news. Wishing his family the best.
I'm in shock after I read this. He is gone way too soon :(

Berserk is one of my favorite manga ever, aside from Tokyo Ghoul. I assume the manga would be left as it is, like Highschool of the Dead where the artist refused to continue it out of respect for the author.
Well shit, may he rest in peace for all eternity for he was a legend.
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT!!!!! WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS SHIT HAVE TO HAPPEN!!! MOTHERFUCKER!!!
I feel like I’ve been hit by a freight train. He had so much talent. Rest In Peace.
I read the title and it took me a moment to fully realize what I had just read. It just seemed so unbelievable. I've never read Berserk, but I've only ever heard it held in the highest regard and Miura was legendary. May he rest in peace.
Crap... I wanted to know the ending... This is sad news... Condolences
RIP to a genius. 14 years ago I caught up to the most recent chapter of the manga, and decided that I was gonna wait until it finished before I read any more. Time to start reading.
I still have his mangas waiting to be read when i have the time still very sad, i know many love his work and there is a big cult around it, i can only imagine how the big fans feel, rest in peace.
Like most of us expected, the end of Berserk is extremely sad.
I just got into Berserk last month. Basically think about it 24/7. Absolutely heartbreaking
One of the most talented mangakas of our time, rest in peace Kentaro Miura...
Total gut punch. The more the news sinks in, the more awful I feel.

Thank you Mr. Miura for the dark and beautiful story of Berserk. It'll never be forgotten and you wont be either.
It’s the same thing everyone is saying, but damn. It’s such a weird change of mental space. Berserk being ongoing felt like an absolute. What a tragedy. I had always kinda hoped he would one day get to finish his work and then rest on his laurels.
Rip legend,  put your glasses on in heaven
He did have an apprentice who was basically doing all the drawing i can assume he had the story written down somewhere so maybe his story will have an end and he can leave behind a great legacy with a great ending
Now I am a little hesitant on starting Berserk. I've heard so many good things about this series but I don't know if I can handle not knowing how it will ever end. 

I probably will pick it up sometime in the future just out of respect for his grind and legacy. I can't imagine what his family, friends, and fans of the series must be feeling rn. My condolences go out to you all 🙏

R.I.P. Kentaro Miura
🐐
worst day ever
"Hatred is the place a man's heart goes to when he cant stand to look his own sadness eye to eye without wavering" - Godo

One of my favorite lines from any piece of media EVER, and easily the one that had the biggest impact on my life.

RIP Miura, you will be dearly missed.
Wow. Never truly read or watched Berserk but I'm a fan of the 90's series music. My heart goes for the family and friends of the mangaka.

Also, I'm scared that Togashi may have the same fate. And HxH will never be finished.
We're free from the struggle.

And so is Kentaro.

Thanks for the best fantasy story and rest in peace Mr. Miura.
A friend introduced me to Berserk and at first I thought I wouldn't like it but I quickly came to love it. I'm not even *that* sad that I won't be able to see the ending, Im way more sad thinking about how sad it must be for a creator/artist to never be able to finish his work.
He truly was a legend. Creating some of the best manga panels I've ever seen. They literally gave me goosebumps. You can really tell how much work he put into this series and now he will never be able to finish it..
Rip Miura Kentaro.
I can't believe it
2020- considered to be the worst year.                  2021- hold my corona
I followed the manga from middle school to college and never thought I would live to see it unfinished, but that's just a testament to how great it was. R.I.P Miura, you were a real one.
Damn so this manga never got to end. Hopefully his death shakes up the vagabond and hxh authors
This is the first time I've felt genuinely shocked and saddened by a celebrity death. So talented and still writing and this tragedy happens...so awful
Just thinking that not a week ago I checked a manga site to see if a new chapter was out, and got really annoyed that I hadn't been any releases for a long time. I really sad loss, all condolences to his family and loved ones.
Now I'm getting worried for Oda
If this was caused by work related stress, which it probably was, it is yet another sign of how both the anime and the manga industry needs to change. Me writing this of course won't change much, and I don't know exactly what can be done. A goal without a plan is just a wish, as a certain MHA villain said, but even so I hope something will change.
Tragic, an amazing artist/writer. I got into his work thanks to the 1st anime. 

Yoshihiro Togashi, take note man. Life is fleeting so fucking finish hunter x hunter!
I read this in the morning; it's noon and I am still completely shocked and devastated. His work has a big influence in my life. To lose an icon, and idol, at such a young age under terrible conditions is, frankly, overwhelming. It's hard to process what I am feeling right now.

Worse, my wife and me have been overworking this year and we got the sudden news, right after I heard about his passing, that our workload will almost double. I am already going under treatment for stress and back pain, while working 10 to 12 hours a day. Reading shit like this puts our life in perspective for sure... I am really worried for us to go through something similar in the future (plus my wife suffers from cardiac disease). I am really scared, but we need the money, so we will have to persevere through this somehow.
Maybe the real Golden Age was the memories we made along the way #ripmiura
havent read Berserk but Miura was a very big inspiration to many mangakas whose manga I love, Rest in peace and condolences to the Berserk fans who didn't have a chance to read the full story
An absolute genius, up there with my favorite artists of all time like Dali. He was a Mozart of our time. I started reading the series five months ago and am enthralled. I wonder what cliffhangers await, but I also will take it as the universe being engulfed by his own demons. Poetic really.
That's horrible... I don't really enjoy manga, but berserk was just fucking phenomenal...

Rest in peace...
I just recently read all of Berserk… it blew me away and I became obsessed. Not only was Miura an incredibly talented artist, but he also knew how to tug on our heartstrings and made us care about the incredibly dark and depressing world of Berserk. He will be missed. Rest In Peace Miura-sensei
Rest well, Kentaro Miura.
I didn't even realise this I just binged the manga recently, waiting for the next chapter only to find out this happened, he was a truly great mangaka......😟😢 rest his soul
I feel so sad.RIP one of the great mangakas.
RIP, a great influence in fantasy for many centuries to come.
Absolutely tragic news. Google translate tells me
> Dr. Kentaro Miura, the author of "Berserk", passed away on May 6, 2021 due to acute aortic dissection. 

He was in heart surgery? Wasn't aware he was unwell. Extremely sad news, gone far too soon.
Aqua in yoga pants | Konosuba

Somehow looks lewder here than usual despite less skin shown...
I feel dirty looking at her like this...

Darkness next?!?
I'll also take Yun Yun or Wiz.
You're a really good artist!

Got any tips for starting out?
Ah finally, she’s wearing pants
The creases in that sweater sleeve are SO. GOOD.
She's a useless goddess but I think she's lowkey hot.

[Shamelessly plugging my socials](https://linktr.ee/carlomontie26)
You should post this to r/CasualFanArt
That smug......... Where do i recall it?
My favourite useless goddess <3
Oh Kami aqua, forgive me for what Im about to do ...
It is entirely too early in the morning for you to be dropping something so casually sexy on me like this

EDIT: Holy shit you're the guy that made that Mina portrait a while ago. You're clearly tuned in to some sort of weakness of mine that I can't even understand. You're too dangerous to be left alive.
those eyes. those damn eyes
Phat n u t
[Resized for a phone wallpaper](https://imgur.com/gallery/PGUHxKl)
You know I gotta say. She does actually look a bit easier on the eyes in yoga pants. This is better than having fanservice shoved in your face every two seconds. Look’s pretty hot. Nothing wrong with admitting that. Nice drawing.
Sexy but she's still useless
[deleted]
I mean any waifu in yoga pants is better than not in yoga pants
 ***I do*** ***like this painting charlie*** ***Its smug aura soothes  me***
I love her expression!
Best girl looking sexy! I love it!
what does her shirt say?
lol this is one of the most upvoted posts of all time on this sub now
Sorry, but are you aware that this is now the most upvoted post on r/anime?
Wonder after you die she is the one  who will send you to hell for your sins
You are one of my favourite artists Carlo
really cute
That's what you get after heating water with 100°C.
Amazing work, doujinshi when??
omg why do useless be hot tho
Aqua is not allowed to look hot lol
This made me bust my nuts just looking at her. I don't know what your career goals in life are, but you always have a place in hentai. Your art style has that instinctively seductive look that not many other semi-casual artists have.
Getting some strong Chun Li vibes from this
Nice
Actually not useless for once
Damegami lmao
God forgive me for what I'm about to do
So, who has the sign up sheet for her cult again?
So useless, yet so beautiful.
So.. uh, Darkness next?
Aqua never that bad, fight me.
You say useless, i say fappable. that's already one use...
I want more !! Amazing art by the way. The thirst for water is REAL!
Eyes are 10/10
Ive never made this sort of comment before but ass just isn't fat enough
Atleast she is wearing pants.

But this is definitely hot ngl.
Bangable
Congrats you are in the top 5 posts of all time on r/anime
hey girllllllll
Good job. Aqua is the top post in all of anime. Oof.
How does this piece, while very good, have 18k upvotes in 9 hours, when a [Violet Evergarden](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/g9ffig/recently_finished_my_fanart_of_violet_evergarden/) piece that looks like it has at least 5x the effort but only has 200 upvotes in 18 hours?

WTF Reddit?
This post is more popular than the Demon Slayer episode 19 one...
You can comment on old post now?
She is still uselles
I wonder if it's her uselessness that went down or lewdness that went up...
Wheres the picture that gets posted here a lot, a guy with a mustache putting his hand over his mouth, contemplating the beauty that he's observing

Bruh what's this feeling in my pants?
This is well detailed
You got yourself a follow
Waifu material
This is better than any doujin
Yo this was on that sub about nsfw anime thighs
r/streetmoe would like this too
This is the good shit right here
The less skin reveling the more LEWD! Useless clothes they legit defeat their own purpose.
[deleted]
You guys are about to make me act up.
Damegami drawn with someone who's good with fabric
anyone have the source or artist ?
This morning I made the decision to start watching either Granblue Fantasy or Konsuba, I went with Granblue. Please don't make me regret my decision already, r/animemes , don't do that to me.
omg I'm cooming
💎

Best I can do
I dont know why this looks so good. GJ OP
Damn this looks good keep that shit up
Praise Axis cult
Can we have a Megumin in yoga pants
Be careful who you call useless in anime..
Lord forgive me
That look on her face. I lost.
This is my new favorite post
3D anime girl has better fashion sense than me 

*currently wearing cat pajamas*
Very nice... eyes.. 👀
How did you make aqua loo-
Ohhh boy! calm down!! Now i want Lalatinaa too!!
Wow, this fits her so perfectly! Amazingly well drawn!
In now she is not useless ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Bet she’s still commando
Oh there's some aqua in some pants alright.
God damn what a useless beauty
When the art is on point and perfectly portrays the character, but she is still useless AF, no matter how fly she looks. lol  


Seriously, amazing job on the art.
Change up the background a bit. Maybe a light beige. Too much blue in the picture makes the character blend in.
The definition of dummy thicc... Dumb but thicc
That’s spicy meataball
I’ve never seen anything so perfectly beautiful in my life!
And your post is now in the top ten posts of all time for this subreddit
I haven't even seen Konosuba and I think she looks really nice.

Goddamn. Is it worth the watch?
Kinda "cute" but still useless
Das good, got an insta?
Family bonding would be so much better if my sister looked like this :(
Anyone else look at this everytime they decide to stop by r/anime? Where my fellow “sort by new” commenters at?
I can't stop staring at her lewdness.
Before this gets archived I just gotta say the entire composition goes togethor to create something amazing.

It's like if you multiplied aquas bad stuff and good stuff to get ultamis
Of fucking course this would be the top post
That's not exactly how sweatpants conform to a womans physique.
As hot or sexy or pretty or cute you may make her, at the end of the day, she is still Aqua.

Great work. Love the short shirt being held up by her chest. But like I said; it's still Aqua. lol

Edit: Wow at the downvotes. Some people don't understand the joke that the creator themselves have used.  
Go ahead, enjoy your eye candy.
Am I the only one who doesn't hate aqua?
The best damegami
If only she was not useless
It looks W E I R D too see her wearing pants instead of her super short skirt
smelling a hentai in the making
Why do I feel ara ara vibes
left click + save image and no one will notice
oh no
Ah a new member of the yoga pants club
Aqua is basically a Karen.
Can i lewd aqua? Its allowed?
I need to start watching konosuba, I’ve heard really good things from it!
Not so useless anymore huh
Its scary after hearing she's useless for crazy amount
Finally something useful.
"Aqua, I tried to look at you like you're a heroine"  
"But, I'm sorry"
Damn it aqua is damn hawt
Guess she ain't useless afterall...
Muda da
I don't like the look she is giving me
Does her shirt say damegami?
Oh baby
....yes
Ah shit here we go again
Hell yeah
Ass is bigger in reality
Where can I watch konosuba Crunchyroll you have to get premium
Wonder if aqua has sexy feet in yoga pants
Cute!
Still as useless as ever
I love it, I need more
Best girl Aqua 😍 and suddenly yoga seems really interesting
What is written on the sweater?
Holy shit! ! ! !
She's Thicc tho
the yoga pants isnt the part my eyes is looking at first sight...
dang
Damn
And we all know where this is gonna end... ;)
Characters wearing street clothes throws me off and makes them cuter to me. The first time I saw Botan from YYH in her street clothes on the broom I crushed HARD.
Ahhh that’s hot! That’s hot!
Just need one completely random gust of wind.

Mmm, sweater yams.
Aqua best girl no cap
Still useless tho
THICC
Her smug aura mocks me
Nice👀
Woahhh
Sometimes you don't know you need something until you find it. Thank you OP for this gift
But does she have panties on underneath???????
Those curves ain't useless
yes
Yet another reason why she’s best girl.
this coronavirus is pushing everyone into sweatpants.
Those pants look like here, useless
Who gave the useless goddess such a beach bod?
Where's the verz. where she's bent over and there's a hole...

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Gives me Chun Li vibes
Damn boi that's a thick ass boi damn
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/629/268/7d1.gif
*heartbeat quickens*
Oh I was not expecting that, but I’m sure glad to see this now.
Is there a sub for anime characters in streetwear cause i'd sub immediately
It feels weird how I’ve never been attracted to Aqua while watching the anime yet the different fan art of her I come across on reddit just keep tugging at my heartstrings towards her.
Is there like a sub for anime characters wearing normal clothes like this?
Not bad at all
Look how the massacred my girl
Gorgeous!
Aqua doesnt wear bottoms. Dont be silly.
THINNNN
Nice
this work well in r/streetmoe
dat top
Yum
YES YES YES
Is she still not wearing her pantsu?
why bother with pants anyway?
Damn she thic
Still didnt wear any underwear i assume
Why am I so attracted to a drawing
You need to do webtoons/web comics your art is amazing
Wow
Aqua in pants period is very strange for her.
I can’t be the only one who misread the title as “Aqua in your pants”... right?
Damn boi SHE IS THICK
My goodness
So THIS is how fetishes are born. I get it now!
[removed]
Forgive me for what im about to do
Yoga pants are 👌
Pajamas , Sweat pants , Yoga Pants ,
Very beautiful. The royal blue leggings with the yellow strip reminds me of Chun Li's original colour scheme.
Why is this picture useless
fuuuuuck
Do megumin
Bro this is good stuff!! Love it
This why aqua best girl even with all her uselessness
Uselessly attractive.
i lost
is it normal that I like looking at this?
Legal phhhhfff I mean ya not yun yun
oh maw gawd i lost
If her character wasn't such an idiot she'd be way hotter
Um, where da sauce at!?
Oh, That's Hot
I've heard often that Aqua is a trash waifu, but idc, I can't even argue with any of the flaws people point out, I accept them and love her anyway.
Those hands are huge
man do you have like a insta or smth?
*screams* NO
I need moreeee.
I don't really like Aqua as much as Megumin but this, this is good.
Best girl. Simple as that.
ダメ神 *oh yeah*
Nice
Proportions are weird! There's like 3/5ths of her torso between the groin and her belly button 

Good art otherwise!
where her ass at ?
Still useless...
Is she flirting me?
Smash or pass
dudee how do you do the sweater creases so well
I never thought there was an ass that yoga pants couldn't make look good but good old Aqua has to prove that anything is possible with the power of uselessness
Zero ass
Please my heart was not ready for this
THICC
still useless tho
amazing work, the best i have seen this day.
Please I need to see wiz in this :0
u/repostsleuthmod
The modern symbol of being useless ( also yes I am know of gender studies)
This is uselessly nice
She would make a useless yoga instructor
oh boi please make this into a series of X in yoga pants
!axisbot !pray
I've never really been attracted to Aqua before now, but damn I'm really attracted to Aqua right now
Nice work dude!
 Never watched this anime, would you recommend
That’s some hot water
Oh she looks more tolerable like this. I honestly really hate her original outfit. And it weirdly contributes to how "annoying" she is, thought I dont really hate her character.  Somehow in this outfit her moods wouldnt bother me as much.
I don’t see it in my app store
S3 when...
>self assured sexy Aqua

*man dabbing sweat*
My dick: She is hot  
My brain: Yep, but she is really stupid and useless
she doesnt look so useless now;D
This is actually 10/10 fan art right here
Seeing her in the movie and seeing her like this is like seeing a totally different person lol
Gods gift to men and women, the yoga pant. Blessed be the toe
darkness next ? really love the art btw
Wet AF right now. May be interested in a commission, OP?
A wise man indeed.
Why she blushing over yoga pants. Something more she wants lmao
Gooo gawww
This is not a Cigarette [Gintama]

Gintama is something else man
Gotta admit 4kids one piece dub was so terrible it became something special
They were fucking with the TV broadcasters so much lmao. God knows how many time the producer had to write apologies or something.
The Ginpachi Sensei theme is something you can hear even without audio
Tf its so big
I really like Gintama
Lero lero sounds as if tongue had stroke
Gintama the type of anime that can make you laugh,cry and get hype using different arcs.
Plot twist that was a cover up
Gintama is one of the best comedy animes of all time. But it has so much cultural references it’s kinda hard for westerners to relate.
_oshite..._
Gintama > fiction
Kakyoin wants to know your location.
You cannot get bored on Gintama's episodes.
This is from one of the first few episodes
lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero lero
I see Gintama, I immediately upvote...
Classic scene
Gintama is something else man
Anyone here know what tf happened over on animemes??
This guy gets pussy.
Anime: how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?

Sensei: Enough for it to start smoking on the bottom...
r/Unexpected
Ginpachi sensei best protagonist
I love this show. This is one of my favorite scenes. This show references everything. Lol

"Sensei! You're not supposed to be smoking in class!"
"I told you, it's a lollipop."
"Then why is there smoke coming out of it?"
"Becuase I'm licking it so fast. See?"
Rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero
My emotions!!

I was like ahhh little twerp let the mans smoke

Then he said it was a lolli and I was like....

Aha genius lol

Then the kid called him out and i was all

Ha gotcha there old man

Then he pulled out an actual lolli and I was like

Wait wut <(-.-)>
Is that one piece reference
I heard rerorero and immediately started thinking of kakyoin
This is taking a jab at the One piece dub cencorship isn't it?

Gintama's got Kintama(Balls) lol
Wait, lolipop in japanese is lick candy?
Pure shock
\*RERORERO intensifies\*
Lol one piece
I bet the ladies love him.
I regret visiting this sub. I feel sad that Gintama anime is no more. There is no anime like it, or I haven't found one. This was an anime that would give you cliff hanger action, make you cry, make you laugh, and they can do it in one episode.
Gintama is an anime I really want to watch but damn...366 episodes is quite intimidating. The fact Crunchyroll in my region only has the last 3 seasons for some reason doesn't help.
I've seen this scene dozens of times. It gets better everytime.
Is this segment created just to mess with the censors?
100% thought it was going to be a joint
This bridges the gap between One Piece Raw & 4Kids Dub.
Apparently the Japanese call Lollipops "Licky-Licky-Candies." Kinda hate that
His girlfriend/wife/boyfriend/husband must be on fire.
u/vredditdownloader

Apparently bot couldn't reply to the comment so here we go:
https://reddit.tube/d/twxqMwB?t=1599849041
Rerorero candy ja nai, Katsura da!
At first I thought it was going to be a weed joke then I remembered this is japan
WOW that was smart
I don’t think you’re supposed to SMOKING during class
I don’t know if my english is bad or what
He is licking it that fast bet the ladies love him for that skill
That mans oral game is god tier oh no thots incoming
I guess we know what that mouth do huh
Did they watch the 4kids version of one peice?
Yoooooooooo 😂😂💀💀
Anime is so unexpected sometimes.
Wait a lollipop in Japanese is a rerorerocandy? That's my new favourite term
one of the best scenes ever
They had us in the first have ngl...
It takes real talent to be able to talk clearly with a giant lollipop lodged in your throat.
This anime never fails to make me cry from laughter
WTF
KAKYOIN
Lelolelolelolelolelolelolelo
What the hell lol
He can set a house on fire with his tongue
Kakyoin noises intensifies
Funniest show ever
What is this anime about and should I watch it? Im trying to watch more anime but idk what to watch
"Rero rero rero!"
*lerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolero......*
u/Vredditdownloader
u/vrdownload
I feel violated
𝐶𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑟 s͟t͟i͟c͟k͟
I think that’s actually possible
u/vredditdownloader
Which episode is this
he a freak tho 😳
girls, Imagine the tongue on that man
u/Vredditdownloader
What did the blurry words read?
u/VredditDownloader
I’m out of touch. What is the context. To this meme. Correct me if meme is not the term. For this meme.
Nice lol.
What anime is this ? Gintama is that an anime lol.
u/vredditdownloader
*PFFFF*
Haha Gintama
What that MOUTH do?
Wait, I thought rero rero candy was the japanese for lolly pop. Are you telling me it's just a JoJo reference?
"Rero-rero candy-da."

Does the Japanese word for "lollipop" essentially just translate to "licking candy?"
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
There are some shows you can just infer what the series might be about after seeing a few clips, gintama I just get more and more confused
What dat mouth do chin san
u/redditvideodownloader
r/vredditdownloader
Lelo Lelo Lelo
u/Vredditdownloader
Do you mean to say that if someone licks something that fast, it smokes?
#GOATama
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I want to be able to watch gintama but it's very fucking lomg and really hard to get into coz it takes so fuckin long to get good
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I thought it was a jelly-filled donut.
Reminds me of love in Japan - lofi chill studying music https://youtu.be/Dg9MQGE8zKY
u/vredditdownloader
erorero candy
I saw this post right under the same clip but on r/unexpected
Gintama is the South Park of anime
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Cool! A lollipop that can turn to a cigarette. lol
Well, it's still pretty obvious he has an addiction. It's the kind kids especially won't admit they have.
woah kaido shun got old XD
He must pleasure a lassy
that had me laughing 10 minutes straight
Every time is see a funny gif I say I should check this show out.  Haven't yet. But I should...
I love this anime so much.
u/vredditdownloader
I watched Gintama many years ago and still remember this specific scene so clearly lol
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Nostalgia
You guys gay
u/VredditDownloader
What did you think it was a blunt or something my guy
Smoke
Pronnounced lero lero
JOJO REFRENCE
Nice anime
rerorero candy da
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
u/savevideo
Smoking is his hobby
u/getvideobot
u/vredditdownloader
Nice
Kakyoin: Pathetic, kid.
GOAT
Kakyoin liked that
For a moment I thought they were roasting 4kid
This is why I like anime.
u/savevideo
as someone who pretends they’re smoking with lollipops I highly agree with this post
Kakyoin student
Is gintama over? Like did the anime stop producing?
*Rero Rero Candy*  


Oh god, my sides
This looks awesome. Anybody want to please suggest the funniest anime they have ever seen? Already seen FLCL btw lol
Is that a motherfucking onizuka reference?!
LERO LERO CANDY
definition of "What dat mouf do"
HOW A LOLLYPOP CAN BE BURN EVEN ITS LICKING THAT FAST 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 WT😂😂😂😂😂
The Devil is a Part-Timer Season 2 Announced!

Nothing is impossible anymore
There's no fucking way
No way.

Is this real live?
IT'S BEEN 8 ~~4~~  YEARS.
 HOLY SHIT this better not be an early april fools joke! About damn time!
I deadass saw the tweet and thought it was a joke. 

~~Seven~~ Eight fucking years... **HOW HAS IT BEEN THIS LONG?!**
8 Fucking years, it’s finally back. I hoped it would return with the rise of isekai but to get it announced the same week as eminence in the shadow. 

Who sold their soul to maou to make this reality?
WHAT? I THOUGHT THE DAY WOULD NEVER COME

Now I’m more optimistic for NGNL 2nd Season
PV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RujhvMRhw0
Me: (Looks at No Game No Life season 2) So you're telling me that there is a chance?
I literally screamed when I saw the announcement. It’s like 6 (?)years already after season 1, I literally gave up for a second season. I was in university when I watched Season 1 and now I’m turning 30 years this year and now they just announced it.
WHAT? I never thought i'd see the day. This has opened pandoras box. Spice and wolf season 3 when? Chivalry of a failed knight? Ex-arm season 2? Also what is up with that art style. It looks like some chibi spin off compared to the original. 

https://occ-0-586-590.1.nflxso.net/dnm/api/v6/E8vDc_W8CLv7-yMQu8KMEC7Rrr8/AAAABSDLgE7v9x-3dywjUbjUTu6W4dZi3DC0ypUzUGdXujh29uG8tSSKhUpHaRHdHMVNJKhcgsjsFZfSMjEMdx7XxdaWhxgi.jpg?r=072
It's been 8 years, Renier.
I never thought I'd live to see the day... you absolutely love to see it lmaoo. Spice & Wolf season 3 next... pleaseeeee
Is this still White Fox, art style seems very different. I wouldn't be surprised if it did change studios considering it is like 7-8 years gap, though Index and Railgun didn't change Studio even after a 7 year gap, so, who knows it might still be White Fox.

Still hype af🔥🔥🔥
You gotta be kidding me? It has been years of waiting and finally, it got a S2. Looking forward to what'll happen in S2.
WHATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATATAT
holy fuck yes
So happy. Though the artstyle has changed. I seriously hope they carry the charm, comedy and drama of the anime.
What alternate reality did I slip into?
Oh my fucking god
So are we going to get NGNL S2 & Haruhi S3 next 🤔
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
   
If a 8 year old and LN-completed anime can get an S2, goddammit, anything is possible.  Where is my Spice & Wolf S3?
Man can‘t get excited due to its piss poor ending.
Holy Crap. 2021 has been fucking stacked for anime.
Not even excited for this because the author of the light novels butchered the hell out if the ending. What a waste.
After hearing about how the LN ended im not even sure i want this
OMFG IS HAPPENING! EVERYONE IS FUCKING HAPPENING
Oh my god. I just saw the Misfit of Demon King Academy S2 announcement. Then I saw this. I literally cannot even explain the pure happiness I feel right now. Just wow
Funny how they decided to finally do it after fans burned the LN because of how this ends.
Light Novel readers aren't hyped about this
If this were announced two years ago I would've been over the moon. Too bad the author botched the ending so my hype level is barely above a "meh." Here's hoping they unironically do an original ending.
the meme is dead, i repeat the meme is dead!
This announcement is like the fucking Red Wedding of anime I swear to god, absolutely nobody saw this coming, one of the most shocking moments in the history of the industry surely
This is really unexpected. Like out of nowhere??? Guess its time to rewatch the first season again cuz the only thing that I remember is the devil is ....... a part-timer.   



Ps: Can we have New Game!!! too???
My excitement is immeasurable and my day is made.
Friendship ended with "Season 2 never" memes

Now "Season 3 never" memes is my best friend.
MASAKA?!?!

Finally no game no life s2 is possible, yes i need more copium this weekend.
I miss Emily
I pray thee for NGNL S2
Does it announced how many episodes it will have?
AFTER 8 YEARS WE DID IT. YES! 2021 IS DEF OUR YEAR!
First misfit got a 2 cour season announced and now season 2 of this... I feel like I should keep on holding onto hope for a season 2 of chivalry
Excuse the what me fuck

I'm going to wake up in a few minutes aren't I

Edit : I'm still awake so

ALAS RAMUS HYYYYYYYYYPE YESSSSSSSS
Omg! This is the series that made me fall in love with anime when I was like, twelve! That’s so cool!
GOD IS REAL

anime original ending pls
Hard to get excited since the ending for the LN was an absolute disaster. I doubt they will even reach that part though if its only going to be a one cour season 2. And let me repeat again, the ending was absolute dog feces.
No f*cking way. It has been 8 years. Am I crying right now?
If devil is a part timer can get a season 2, is there a chance for no game no life to get one as well?
HOLY SHIEETTTTT.... WHAT TIME LINE ARE WE LIVING IN
HOLY FUCKING SHIT FINALLY!!! This means there is still hope for NGNL S2!
I watched this when I was in middle school.

&#x200B;

Now I'm in college.

&#x200B;

I'm getting old
No Game No Life fans: So you're telling me there is a chance?
I would have been excited if the ending wasn't trash
Was shocked when I got an Anilist notification for it. Nice.
Please tell me This isn't an out of season April's fools joke ...
Number 3 trending worldwide.
What if Eva 4.0 was keeping a ton of sequels down and now we get everything we wanted 8 years ago
'Konosuba' Season 3 Announced

THE POWER OF THE GACHA WHALES! PRAISE THE MONEY SPENDERS
FINE YOU WANT SEASON 3?! FUCK YOU YOU’RE GETTING MEGUMIN ANIME

HA GOT YOU NERDS! YOU’RE GETTING **BOTH**!


Holy shit it actually happened. This is a golden era
>Spice and Wolf S3

>Urusei Yatsura reboot

>Bleach coming back

>Hunter X Hunter manga coming back

>and now Konosuba S3

This is the weirdest but best timeline.

edit: I will go ahead and summon a Soul Eater remake and a Grand Blue season 2 while we are at it, I will take full credit in case of an announcement.
2 anime announcements at once. The power of gacha
Studio Drive is now handling the animation (previously, Studio Deen). Staff is the same as the spin-off anime.

Staff

- Chief Director: Takaomi Kanasaki (returning, credited as "Chief Supervisor" in the spin-off anime)
- Director: Yujiro Abe
- Series Composition: Makoto Uezu (returning)
- Character Design: Koichi Kikuta (returning)
I missed these idiots so much.
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie. But now we get TWICE THE EXPLOSIONS!!!

[](#meguminthumbsup)
Is full adaptation possible in this timeline
They outdid themselves. Not one, but TWO new Anime.
> Spinoff was announced

> Thought that there would be no S3 

Oh ye of little faith
So, is Aqua just consistently flashing everyone? Her skirt is always like mid-ass.
Thank you Kadokawa, overseas streaming servises and gacha whales
Luckily i didnt die last year
#CHRIS SCREENTIME
2 anime let's go!! My spending on Fantastic Days paid off!!
Missing re:zero for the holy trinity
The art style looks different
Holy shit let's go! All I need now are NGNL S2 and Noragami S3, I will not stop hoping!
Wow.  I saw the other announcement and was disappointed that we weren't going to get a season 3.  I reacted too soon.
HYPE!!!!!! IT'S BEEN YEARS!!! Our cast of lovable idiots are finally back!
Mushoku, Konosuba. We are lacking Re-Zero S3 for the full menu
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViHLG63K2jk) \- Official Livestream

[Official Tweet](https://twitter.com/konosubaanime/status/1530535611089690630?s=20&t=Be3O202l8JXrBjlbwICvrQ)

Studio: Drive

No release date announced yet.
was watching the stream from the start, almost lost hope for s3 by the end but yeah now we have it yay
do we know when?
I hope they make a good job in the adaptation part. Volume 6 its one of the bests in the light novel and has one of the coolest moments.
Oh man, I wonder how much it’ll adapt
Really hope this isn’t the new Art Direction for season 3. I really enjoyed the minimalist style used for 1,2 and the movie
"I saw 14,000,605  futures, and in only one we get  Konosuba season 3 and Megumin anime." - Doctor Strange
So damn excited man. Rewatch this series a couple times and everytime it makes me laugh so hard. Hoping we can get more than 10 episodes this time p
This just had to happen since Iris has had a voice actor for over 2 years now.
finally...my waifus are BACK!
I just saw we got a Megumin prequel movie but was sad no season 3, then boom, next few posts we get season 3. 
We are in the Storms Gate timeline, our anime are getting sequels.
Hail being x...wait wrong recently announced anime.
Insert Critikal yeah baby gif
It's your turn Re Zero
Please don't change the art style, please don't change the art style
About damn time.
Overlord s4, tanya the evil s2, shield hero s3, and now konsuba s3. Hope rezero gets s3 too
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEES LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
finally some good fucking news on this cocksucking planet
My favourite comedy anime has officially returned, I'm so happy
Only isekai didn't got announced is "Re:Zero Season 3"
New character design :(
Been way too long! Looking forward to experiencing it with the board since I watched it all after season 2. Great things ahead this season including one of the best Kazuma moments! I also hope that the Megumin spin-off getting adapted means season 4 in a few years as well! Volume 9 is top notch content. 

The next few years are looking good guys! Great day to be a fan!
Such good news :P hope the new studio does just as good a job as prior.
if they are gonna cover 2 arcs a season I will die happy, the following 2 arc is probably my favourite of all time.
Season 3?!

They need an automatic season 5 approval.
Oh fuuuuuck it’s time for more It’s Always Sunny in Isekai
Took them long enough lol
#YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!
Did We just hopped into the greatest timeline this year? A week ago Hiatus X Hiatus ended, Yesterday Masao maruyama confirmed Pluto is still in production, few days ago Land of Lustrous confimed to be returning from Hiatus next month, COTE S2 and S3 got announced 2-3 months ago, Devil is part-timer anime S2 coming after a decade, Bleach Final Arc also coming this year after a decade.
Now this, Konosuba S3 and Spinoff getting announced, i am witnessing greatest year in anime-manga industry.
PEAK ISEKAI IS BACK BABYYY, HELL YEAH!!
LETSSSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOO S3 and megumin spin-off
[LN]>!Excited to finally have Big Boss and Assistant-kun adventures!<
I watched the announcement stream for 2 minutes, had no idea what was going on, and then happened to see the S3 announcement live. LET'S GOOO
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
Let’s go! Time for true gender equality.
Now we just need Re Zero season 3 to be announced  too

Please kadakowa, I miss my favorite anime
The champion of true gender equality returns. Let's Fücking GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
WOOOOOO YEA BABY
# LETS GOOOOO
We Konosuba fans are eating so GOOD. LET'S GOOOOO!
Can't wait for it especially since imo the volumes they'll be adapting are some of the better ones.
Oh thank God. I absolutely miss watching these incredibly terrible people bumble their way through an Isekai. It just makes my day.
Woooo! Yeah baby! That's what I've been waiting for! That's what it's all about!
💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦💦
Lessgoooooooo!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Oh yeah, LETS GOOO!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Let’s goo
LETSFUCKINGGO
Yeeeeesss!!!
Yes!
LETS GOO
lets gooo
get in my son!! Give me more Gender Equality Kazuma!!!
Fucking yes
This is some good shit!! So excited!!
*intense happyiness*
HELL YEEEEEEEEES!
Man this is just amazing
YESSS!!!! I thought this day would never come!
based!
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO! Bless the gacha whales indeed.
What is it with all these shows suddenly getting sequals? Not that i'm complaining but this is getting ridiculous haha
FUCK YEAH
YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR SO LONGGGGG
YEAH BABY
OMG IT'S HAPPENING, EVERYBODY STAY CALM
OOOOOOOO YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Yay!
YES! I count this as an absolute win.
AAAAAAAAAH!!!!! IT'S ABOUT ****ING TIME LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!😍🤩😍🤩😍
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO
Only one left… NGNL s2 is around the corner no doubt. If log horizon author can get a s3 after tax evasion, the copyright stuff can be forgiven.
About time!! Yayyy
Finally!
Hells ya!
Season 3 lets goooo
YEEEEEEEEES
YEEESSSSS!!!
Lessgooooooo
LETS FUCKING GO
LET'S GOOOO!!!
LET’s GOOOOOO
LETS. FUCKING. GO.
HxH and Konosuba in the same week. Things are finally starting to look up
god exists
God bless this wonderful day!
FUCK YEAH
Explosion!!!
Best Isekai
Maybe there is hope in this world after all
this really is the best possible timeline
I didn't believe that it would happen. I'd moved on.
We have been blessed by the gods... Not Aqua but every other god
We get a Megumin spinoff AND s3! I’m beyond excited!
One of the happiest days of my career of watching anime, i've been hoping for this to happen some day
HOLY SHIT. THE WAIT IS FINALLY OVER.
a good news
Oh god that’s such a nostalgic anime for me, can’t wait for what happens next
I can't wait to see some more wholesome moments with the group!
Is there a realese date?
OMFG THERE IS A GOD.
This is real, right?

Guys?
I always dreamed about opening reddit and read "Konosuba season 3 confirmed", finally the day has come!
Here comes the long awaited Explooooosion!
For years, I have felt guilty for not watching the first two seasons and initially dismissing it as "yet another isekai". 

But the more clips I see people post on here and on YouTube, and people saying nothing but good things about it, I finally took the plunge and binged the first two seasons plus the movie. Best Christmas anime bingeing session ever.

Unlike the regular isekai which is almost formulaic, Konosuba is basically the comedic deconstruction of the genre, and the dorky characters are all goofily lovable, much like the dysfunctional yet somehow wholesome "family" that is the Guardians of the Galaxy in the MCU.

I'll be there for the season 3 discussions.
Does it say when it's coming out???
So, they probably will adapt light novel vols 6 & 7  in this season
god's blessing indeed
S3 YESS. We better get that scene with Kazuma and Dust. It's just pure stupid comedy
Wow, it’s actually happening. I was worried it was going to be some mobile game announcement
Peak comedy anime is returning. Also, my favorite isekai.
YES!

One more off of the ol' wishlist.
Woooo! Best comedy isekai returns
Thank god.

I was afraid they’d never do it, especially since they said they would if the movie did well, which it did.
Today is a blessed day.
Nice!
Huh so apparently they changed studio from Studio Deen to Studio Drive
So glad I've lived long enough to see this day
💦
Best news today! More konosuba is always welcome.
Now we wait for No Game No Life S2.
#LETSGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So some madlad went ahead and did this...

Now I am curious if I can do this on my oscilloscope too
But can it play Doom?
####Now do a hentai.
There's a good chance the world's governments will intervene if weebs become anymore powerful than this.
r/madlads
[removed]
how hard is that to make? i dont know how that device works
[Credit: The Physics Society of Rokko Institute High School, Kobe City, Japan](https://twitter.com/RokkoPhysics/status/1188396774622285825)

*Edit: And here's the same oscilloscope playing Girl's Last Tour's OP:* [https://twitter.com/RokkoPhysics/status/1188306561547956224](https://twitter.com/RokkoPhysics/status/1188306561547956224)
Very good, what a time to be alive
I missed Kaho's Kaho
[I found this article on how it is done](https://www.dmcinfo.com/latest-thinking/blog/id/8626/creating-a-raster-monitor-from-an-oscilloscope)
This is insane!!!!
"Smile, sweet, sister, sadistic, surprise, service, oscilloscope"
This Blend S opening has to already be one of the most iconic ones out there
There is this dude that made “oscilloscope music” a few years back https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qnL40CbuodU

But this is so much more complex images.
As a ee student owner of a Tektronix 2215 and a weeb im greatly pleased.

The comments trying to explain it on the other hand make me cringe incontrollably. If you have knowledge of electronics dont look because they made me want to jam my 250 MHz passive probes straight into my eyes. With no hook caps.
What anime is that from?
True culture knows no bounds and cannot be contained
Truly a madlad. 

Was a lab assistant for school as a student. 

You don’t want to be the one to break it and then hear about the price.
Is that an oscilloscope?
he even did the boob bounce at 0:32

what an absolute god
I’m sad that the original creator hasen’t uploaded what it actually sounds like.
u/VredditDownloader
/r/animemes would get a kick out of this
 Wtf i can barely draw anime on paper! This guy has skill!
r/nextfuckinglevel
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Surprise!
Service!
SKRATTAR DU FORLORAR DU
MANEEEEEEEEEEN
What anime is this?
I need Lain opening on this!
#Skratta Du
Now I wanna what the actual audio for the animation looks like
How people have the time and serious motivation to do things like this???
Imagine how fucking amazing you have to be to do this
This? This is the most upvoted thing on this sub now? Not Re Zero season 2 announcement, not Kaguya-sama season 2 announcement, not Kyoani news, not even that cool video with different styles of animations, but this? A meme opening on oscilloscope? 

You'll should be ashamed.
Meanwhile the patient on the bed:
Hqhfjdikshebbrhfn cneiakwisidhtbtuejwn

Edit: Ok so this is an oscilloscope, which makes graphs and does NOT measure your heart beat
What is this device?
Now i need it to stream futa-chan
I have no clue what I just watched, but this is pretty awesome!!!!! NIIIICEEE!
This man is too dangerous to be kept alive
Some either needs a job or a stricter boss
Tell me how to do that so that I can do this shit on my next physics lesson
a very good video to explain how this work [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gibcRfp4zA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gibcRfp4zA)
[TRIGGERED](https://www.bmeme.hu/memes/2017/02/7170_brb1h565q1_normal.jpg)
No weeb should be able to hold all this power.
Somebody call Electroboom and try this.
Meanwhile *Olioscope screaming noises*
How did you do that on a osscilloscope?
What anime is this?!?!?????
Pls tell me how long did this take you im concerned.
Doctor: check his puls we are losing him.
Nurse checking his puls: oh no *runs out crying*
Doctor: DAMN YOU JAPAN I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU.
I want to hear the sound of the oscilloscope
What is this anime? Feel like my wife would probably enjoy it thoroughly.
Thats a wierd fucking heart beat
How the hell is this even possible
How the fuck.... I work with those devices...how does this happen
This is beyond science
The world isn't ready for this
Ok no someone do the Cowboy bebop intro or Neon genesis.
u/vredditdownloader
I can hear this
Give this person an Award
Good, but I prefer the Snoop Dogg version
I was hoping for Blend W
This made my heart go Doki Doki
Now what does it sound like on the oscilloscope?
So what show is that? I’m so out of the loop.


Edit: Saw it was Blend S in the comments.
Whoever did this is certainly going to anime heaven
thats amazing woah
I can hear this post
I expected to hear snoop dogg
Jesus... I literally have lab every week with a oscilloscope and if that is real that is literally some of the most difficult things I have ever seen something accomplished. Normally you have simp stuff like sine fictions or square function etc...I can’t ever contemplate how to get a frequency that is any where near that with a function generator... this is PhD level work boys
This is dope as f.
Whoever did this: They called me a mad man...
I do not understand this. Why is it impressive? Why is it mad?

Edit: lmao, willing to down vote me for a question, but unwilling to answer it? The times we live in.
This is the best thing that I have ever seen in my entire life
this is what I needed
Smile.
This guy has ascended to higher dimensions
better than the original
Holy shit is that amazing, brace yourself OP for the mass of upvotes coming
"Super hakka!"

~Okabe Rintaro
Damn this must have taken a lot of time. Dedicated guy!
I see a man of both science and culture.
Now do the Snoop Dog remix
Honestly? I was expecting the Snoop Dog parody.
I want know whether your Professor like it.
Never thought anyone would be so skilled with an oscope
Who's the weeb that's been touching my O-scope...
The person who made this is the type of guy to think Traps aren’t gay.
Wow
Perfection.
Madest of the madlads
0s and 1s is all what this madlad needs.
That's a CRO right?
BlendW
I cant unhear the smoke weed everyday remix of this.
Which anime is this from?
is this what love feels like?
I can never not hear Snoop Dogg
This post was sponsored by *K E Y S I G H T T E C H N O L O G I E S*
I can hear this without sound
This is true talent.
Interesting
Now do the snoop dog version
Legend27
Bro I don't even know how the oscillator works in my physics lab... How TF you doing that 😂
At first I was like “yeah that’s pretty cool” and then it kept going
Would be interesting to hear an attempt at replicating the music too with the oscilloscope
That would be a master of a man if he done that
Guess we need to pull the plug
Is this doable in Adobe premiere or after effects?
I WAS BLASTING THIS AND MY MOM WALKED IN AND THEN WALKED OUT I AM SO UNCOMFORTABLE
This may be out of topic but I didn't know Kenwood makes Oscilloscope. And RCA makes microwave oven.
すごい
Cool
I wanna hire him now
Well at least when the apocalypse happens and we must turn to archaic technology I’ll still be able to watch anime
Man I haven't played with a oscillyoscope in such a long time. An oscilloscope and spec-anny are just so damn useful when troubleshooting
Obligatory "Sauce?" plz.
Hmmm. How do I save video on Reddit again?
Sauce?
bruh, I can't even draw
I finally get why they say surprise...
This is no madlad this a work of man of culture
Ah shit a weird device anime OP. It's OMR isn't it. It's gotta be OMR. The nutjobs always love Railgun. I can already hear the.... oh ok
The person who did this:
They called me a madman
But what does it sound like
Absolute legend right here
Holy shit! That's pretty impressive!
if i knew u can do that with a cro then i would have paid more attention in my electronics lab
Meanwhile I'm here just measuring the voltage across that fucking resistor
Holy shit I'm gonna have to do this
For those wondering how this is done, here is [Smarter Every Day's video on it.](https://youtu.be/4gibcRfp4zA)
This is why we can't have nice things
I just need to take the right amount of drugs to get my heartbeat to do this and then I’ll be ready to die
What anime is this
I have given gold only 1 other time. This is the second.
I want to know the name of this anime
I don't get it. Isn't that what oscilloscopes are made for?

\* Imagines new anime, Electrons at Work \*
Chris Allen wants to know your location
i need to rewatch blend s
I paused *Life on Mars?* by David Bowie to watch this. I don't regret it
Damn I didnt think anyone could outflex me after I watched Blend S on the school computer
100 intelligence
Ah yes, the opening of Blend S, otherwise known as the only good thing about it.
The fuck is an oscilloscope?
Hahahaha
Now i can never do experiments on Oscilloscope without remembering about this.
Man of Culture
r/programmeranimemes
My hero. I imagine this is what anime would be like in the 41st millennium.
Awesome
U deserve an updoot
Hey im a zoomer what is this device exactly?
A madlad indeed, mixing those two things is quite risky, but it looks awesome
What/which anime character is that?
Need season 2. Please. PLEASE.
This is why you need an oscilloscope
They didn't taught this superpower in our computer class
I'm speechless
What is the piece of machinery
i CAN HEAR THE OPENING
Holy mother of god that is epic
Holy...shit
This anime gives me Kyo-ani vibes which I love, so is this show good or similar to the stuff they make? Like I get heavy dragon maid vibes from this for like no reason.
Oh my god
When you have too much free time:
HE IS THE MADDEST OF THE LADS!!!!!!😮😮😮😮😮
Now THAT is a current!
Professor: okay set up your scopes in xy mode to see the constellation for the data input


Weebs: I'll do you one better
Stereo Signal in X-Y mode, it just drives coordinates for the beam.
You fucking monster..I love it
u/vredditdownloader
Even today reddit did not disappoint me
What anime is that
Wait what's that anime called
Don't know why I was expecting Cruel Angel's Thesis
what anime is this
That must have taken at least 2 years to make
Homie, don't tell me this madlad made each frame himself, point by point…
Good to know i can still jack off when i go back in time
This is amazing! Am gonna try this out on my own one
Wen you have an osciloscope but you dont have anything to do with it
Now imagine dying and this is what the doctor sees
This is well done take my upvote you beautiful human
"Suck mah..." blend2g on yt
I don't even know what kind of device that is but that is absolutely amazing.
This lite what anime is this
Absolute madlad,  what the heck! I’m very impressed!
Can someone tell me how did he do it? I have an viva which uses this apparatus tomorrow and I'm probably gonna have a shit ton of time on my hands then
That anime OP was so cute (never seen it before) that I barely even watched the machine lol. What is the anime?
Us weebs could do anything but we make a OP even cooler on something else besides a tv or phone
I am speechless
It looks like something that would belong in a LoFi remix, it's beautiful.
Is it crt?
Wow, this is the first time I’ve seen past 9 seconds
What anime is this?
Id on the oscilloscope?
Wow ok
BrIlLiAnT
I forgot. All about this anime.
looks like a old ass atari game on the 1950s super computers
Oh, Japan. Where would we be without you?
Ayyyyyy that’s LIT
Wow that opening felt really long for some reason, but then I saw it was only 1:30
The eurobeat remix is better.
I'm literally just watching this and only have the last episode left. I'm sorry to say, that I'm not enjoying it nearly as much as I expected with how frequently I see stuff from this. It's not bad, but there's not that much I actively like either, and that's especially true for the main "couple"
What is it?
Absolute Chad move
This belongs on r/nextfuckinglevel... it’s sadistic but incredible.
which anime is this?
I wonder how the person did this on a digital storage oscilloscope?
Someone's getting fired from the lab.
This is how they watch anime in the matrix
I see this everywhere but i have no fucking idea what the anime is called-
What is this anime
Huzzah, a man of quality!
That was perfection.
A god has risen
Better animation than berserk 2016...
u/vredditdownloader
But can it run Doom?
Do more I got a few suggestions
Took me an hour to get the right oscillation for my lab
holy crapthat must have taken so long jesus oscillascopes are tricky
Wait, opening continue after "service"??? I thought that after that goes a meme, and that's all.
imagine this is the only way you can watch anime and you have no idea what anime REALLY looks like
Now I want to see a Tokimeki Poporon version of this.
SKRATTAR DU FOLORAR DU MANEEEEEEEEN!
Why and how long?
Is that an.... O-scope?
...Wow.
Wow, respect to the one who did this.
It's amazing! 👏🏻
SMILE 

SWEET

SADISTIC 

OSCILLOSCOPE
Subs v dubs? Monitors v oscilloscope.
Like is this an actual anime  coz I've only ever seen the intro
how tf did you manage to do that
If anybody wants to know how he did that lookup, Jerobeam Fenderson.  they have a software that you could do that with ( assuming you have an oscilloscope ).
This madlad wins the internet this day.
I kept goin in my head wow, okay it has to stop now, right? No, now. The. I saw the length very impressive
Hi. What anime is this?
This is freakin sick
Now that it's happen evangelian is next
Praise the madlad
That's basically my heart beat
i love this it's nery alike and are very simular
I cant see this one without the snoopdogg edit anymore
I cant listen to this without hearing Snoop Dogg.
r/madlad
Epic
People who start sentences with "so" deserve to be [______]
u/vredditdownloader
My oscilloscope can play anime OPs and internet memes. Sweet.
I'm mad because there's someone who has the time to do this while I'm here struggling to fit in my hobby on my daily schedule.
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
This guy techs..... i love you guy.
u/VredditDownloader
What anime is this? I've seen this everywhere and never asked.
Ok... This guy wins. I don't know what exactly... But he wins...
Okay now S2 pls
I am so proud of this community
..and this kinda thing is why I choose electrical engineering! Job well done.
What a cool madlad
It’s fantastic 

so tomorrow hentai was on my table!
Ok tell me what drugs your doing















I need them
That reminds me I needed to rewatch blend S after I'm done with lucky star
r/VRedditDownloader
Now play doom
Doesn't matter if we should, only if we can do it.
It would be cool if they did a No Game No Life op
Wow that's insane
Wait, what anime is that?
I am so proud of this community
I see you are a man of culture yourself.
Damn
#TEACH ME MORE ABOUT SCIENCE
First of: WoW. 
Secondly: HOW
{Blend S}
But does it run Doom?
Enough filters and a green screen, ez pz
u/vredditdownloader
what anime is this i dont remember
u/vredditdownloader
Now i want this mad lad to do jojo openings
muh
I want to hug this person
is it possible to learn this power?
Idk weather to call this irresponsible use of equipment or pure genius
"Spice and Wolf" New Anime Announced

seven apple on a witch's tree
Holy shit what timeline are we living in ?
Boys take off the tin foil hats, it’s time to learn some economics !
2022 is a fucking wild year for Anime.
#13 years
And now I believe nothing is impossible
That list of seemingly impossible sequels is seeming less and less impossible with all these announcements of sequels after so many years
EXCUSE ME. WHAT!? 

I really thought I just woke up, but this seems like a dream. I didn’t think there was even the slightest possibility *Spice and Wolf* would get another anime.
Another meme dies huh, last year has been wild for randomly bringing back old stuff
WHAT THE FUCK
#***THE PROMISED LAND***
What a time to be alive with all those dooms and glooms looming...Holo might win Best Girl after all...

Haruhi S3 and Hyouka S2 wen?
Honestly speechless
WHAT THE FUCK, I legit never thought we'd ever see spice and wolf again.
Man they're going to some real lengths too help Holo win best girl.
Announced as part of the series' ~~15th~~ 16th anniversary. Format has not been revealed.

Synopsis from MAL
>A young traveling merchant, Kraft Lawrence has become accustomed to days of roaming and trading, with few companions. Or so it was until one peculiar day where the trader finds a young, naked, wolf-like girl asleep in his wagon.

>The beautiful girl, calling herself Holo, claims to be a local wolf deity worshipped by locals as the God of Good Harvest. Year after year, she ensured they would reap a good harvest, but she has since grown tired of fulfilling the wishes of the ungrateful locals.

>Holo ends up striking a deal with Kraft: if he helps her escape the villagers, she will gladly help him in his merchant endeavors. Together, they roam from town to town in search of business, and Kraft realizes both the ups and downs of traveling with a haughty and shrewd wolf goddess.

[Source](https://twitter.com/Spicy\_Wolf\_Prj/status/1497119488525094914)
No way no way no way no way no way
"kept you waiting huh" 

if this is really true, im so so happy, this triggers me to show the earlier seasons to my neighbour
Holo will have **RECENCY BIAS** for the next (or the following) best girl contest...

My view of the entire universe just had to readjust itself a little bit, this just feels wrong.
The 2020s has been fucking murdering longtime anime memes.

- Eva ~~4.0~~ 3.0+1.0 finally released.

- The Devil Is a Part Timer is finally getting a second season.

- Madoka Magica's finally getting a sequel to Rebellion.

- Komi-san finally got an anime.

- Log Horizon finally got a third season.

And now this. 

What the fuck.

EDIT: Oh yeah, *Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer* and *Helck*, some of the last manga I'd expected to get an anime. Makes me hope I get Spirit Circle soon, that manga's dope.

EDIT 2: And Bleach is getting it's final arc, *Thousand-Year Blood War*, animated, too! Hot damn!
Anime community: Marin is best girl, no one can compete with her.


Holo: Allow me to introduce myself.
##Honestly, I think I'm in mild shock.

When I saw this post first go up (and before OP provided a source) I was just like "Nah, no way, that has to be a miscommunication or translation issue."

Earlier, we even talked about it in discord when the announcement was first teased since it was a "small" one. My guess was Spice & Wolf VR3.

But... more S&W anime? I'm absolutely stunned. This is my single-most-favorite anime, and has remained as such in the near-decade since I first watched it. It's basically *the thing* that got me back into the medium when I was in an anime slump in the early-mid 2010s.

I just went and ordered a surprisingly affordable [non-Nendo Holo figure from Goodsmile](https://www.goodsmileus.com/product/pop-up-parade-holo-7120) that has just gone up for pre-order.
YOOOOO AM I DREAMING?! PLEASE SOMEBODY PINCH ME!!!! YOOOOOOOOO!!!!

FOR 13 YEARS, THE MEME HAS NOW OFFICIALLY DEAD. AND (HOLO THE WISE WOLF) IS BACK!

**Btw, is this a remake or a sequel?**
*unintelligible blubbering*
Lol I just finished season two like a few days ago because I wanted to be in on the meme.
I've been waiting for years finally
You're **shiting** me.
Praise be the goddess of the harvest!
It's been 2… no, 3 thousand years. 

Holy shit I genuinely don't believe this.
hope I get to see this before world war 3.
I swear to God, Classroom of the Elite was just announced and someone asked "Spice and wolf when" a couple of days ago...

2022 really is wild
Awwww shit. Remember when Holo was THE waifu for 2 solid years?
I'm surprised nobody summoned him yet, u/holofan4life
At this point I'm convinced there's some cabal in Japan that is tired of the same old memes and are just going out of their way to clear them out.
LOL RIGHT AFTER CLASSROOM OF THE ELITE
Omg I needed some good news right now and this is one the best news, binged the LN since there was no S3 of S&W and ive been hoping for one since forever. If Spice and wolf can finally get one then maybe the ultimate sequel meme NGNL can finally get it
Overlord 4 / Hataraku maou sama 2 / Class room of the elite 2

And bunch of others

But no game no life 2 still hasn't been announced. Guess the memes will keep on going huh

Still waiting for:

Berserk(proper adaptation) 

Btooom 2

Girls last tour 2

Sukasuka 2

NGNL 2

Rakudai kishi no cavalry 2

Chihayafuru 4

Noragami 3

Rokka no yuusha 2

Legend of the legendary heroes 2

Drifters 2

Grimgar 2

Hyouka 2

Black butler

Maoyuu maou yuusha 2

Mondaiji tachi 2

Blue exorcist 3


Haruhi 3

Moribito series

Clannad: Tomoyo After

Panty & Stocking S2

Space Dandy S3


Tower of god 2

Amagi brilliant park

Akatsuki no yona
Spice and Wolf is more than just an anime to many of the people here. Just the news of the announcement makes you go back to a time when life was good and you were a naive teen who happened to bump into this anime and it changed your perspective. The wave of Nostalgia has blown again, and it seems unreal. 

It's fucking back!
Wow, I know how big of a deal this is even if I haven't gotten around to watch it.

Haruhi S3 when
I AM SO HYPE I HAVE ASCENDED

13 YEARS HOLY FUCK
first bleach, then high school of the elite, now this?????? 

wtf is this year
I can't believe this is happening. Awesome lol. Hopefully Spice and Wolf gets a complete adaption maybe along with Wolf & Parchment.
I almost dropped my fucking coffee mug. I actually can't believe it.
Normally I'm a quiet person on the computer.

But seeing this instinctively made me exclaim.
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOO
THE DREAM IS REAL
Is this the real life?

Is this just fantasy?
HAHAHAHHAAHAH WTF
Wait is this a remake (in which case fuck yeah), or is this a continuation (in which case I need to watch the original)?
Literally days after Classroom the Elite announcement. People were just joking about Spice and Wolf new season in the comment section of that post. This is a glitch in the Matrix.
I'd like to thank Ninomae Ina`nis for her [cover](https://youtu.be/NIv_yYKl9tQ), [readalong](https://youtu.be/9wF4hxa7w40), and carrying the entire S&W fandom on her back. She pushed to the point where even the S&W team noticed and thanked her. Thank you Ina!🙏

Edit: [tweet](https://twitter.com/spicytails/status/1468850447083782148)
It hasn't quite been 84 years but it's sure as hell felt like it
Tired: I can't believe all of these revivals!  


Wired: The Best Girl is finally going to win r/anime best girl next year.
And with this announcement, I have been made into an inhuman fiend. I AM FUCKING UNLEASHED, I AM GOING TO BE INSUFFERABLE TO MY FRIENDS WITH THIS NEWFOUND RAVENOUS HYPE 

god, GOD, I hope they can get Brina Palencia and J Michael Tatum back to voice the ol’ bickering, not-yet-married couple. I’ll live if they don’t come back, but I HOPE the casting works em in

Still, I CANT WAIT TO LEARN SOME ECONOMICS
NO WAY

So we get Devil is a Part Timer, Classroom of the Elite AND spice and wolf???? Wouldn't be surprised if fking Highschool of the Dead and No Game No Life got announced lmao
I've never seen the anime but I heard the adaptation barely scratched the surface. Hopefully we get the complete story this time round.
Wtf, i had lost hope a decade ago!
Holy shit. Seems like they're renewing this stuff for me specifically. This is definitely one of the best written anime out there.
Wait what

I feel like that guy with the stick from the “c’mon do something” meme, except something actually happened.
What's happening to this world, there are no more certainties.

I need to keep the hype in check somehow
Yona of the Dawn next pls
I WAS HERE
#WHAT
what the fuuuuck
#<INCOHERENT SCREAMING>
#FUCKING WHAT

now gimme that bunny-girl s2
OH MY GOD YESSSSSSSS! PLEASE LET THIS ADAPT EVERYTHING OR AT LEAST GET US TO AN ENDING!
You gotta be shitting me...

Am I dreaming ?

Is this a scam ?

If not then holy shit I am soo happy !
... I stand corrected.

Absolutely ecstatic to be proven wrong.
Yeah , I hope the openings/endings will also be great

These are the only opening that I whistle sometimes without think about it

Op1 https://youtu.be/MN_WgwEmRaw

Op2 https://youtu.be/A08fzhikzuo

Ed2 https://youtu.be/Vo_wVKQMSBc

Ed3 https://youtu.be/67ttc7i4Nu8
Holy shit, maybe we can finally win a Best Girl contest???? EPIC SHIT
I CAN'T BELIEVE I LIVED TO SEE THIS DAY!
AINT NO FUCKING WAY
I can't believe this is actually happening... I'm beyond happy right now!
Holy shit I can't breathe
Anime fans keep on winning !!

F for my Ngnl homies tho
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH IT'S HAPPENING AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Jesus Christ. She's back.
LETS FREAKING GOOOOOOOO
It's been so long I've become the spice.. I feel like we ought to do shots in celebration.
I just binged this series and it was so good. So happy it's getting a new anime. Is that a season 3 or a spinoff?
Oh damn
I can’t believe it’s finally happening! I had lost hope. Let’s gooooooooooooo!
Oh. My. God.

It's happening!
WHAT ???

PRAISE THE ANIME LORDS!
Fucking pinch me, i must be dreaming
WHAT?!?!?!
LETS GOOOO
NO, NO FUCKING WAY. IT CANT BE. I JOKED ITS BEEN 7 YEARS IT CAN'T BE. Some actual good news this week holy shit
OMFG NO WAY!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
This explainx all the unexpected Holo scale figure announcements recently.
WHAT THE FUCK
Holy fucking shit! 

Rewatch time baby!
ahhhhhhh so much unexpected all at once the excitement is hard to handle.
THIS YEAR OMG. LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
No game no life S2, my hopes are high now
It's not April Fools' Day, right!? RIGHT!?
WTF IS THIS YEAR ITS JUST CRAZY UPS AND CRAZY DOWNS
OMFG
WHAT!? OH MY GOD!?!?! IS IT STARTING OFF WHERE IT LEFT!? I kept meaning to read the light novel but this is a dream come true!
NO FUCKING WAY
What is this timeline we live in
Now this is what I am excited for.
Let's...fucking...GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Holy shit it’s been a very long time! Happy af
babe wake up
I never thought I would see this day.
WHAT? NO WAY!
What what what what whaaaat??
when the world needed her the most, best girl came back
I knew you would return,  oh wise wolf... https://imgur.com/PGXgAne
NO FUCKING WAY.

NO MOTHERFUCKING WAY.
Haruhi. Your turn.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH.  


Dude I got so many of my friends to sign that stupid GoChange petition back in High School. Oh my God. This has improved my year so much.
Fuck yes!!! Now my hopes of getting a new Full Metal Panic sequel out of nowhere are at maximum!
Oh my god
Holy shit, I did not see this happening at all.
Now it's about time we get a new Akatsuki no Yona season.
Yo who the guy green-lighting all these sequels? He deserves a raise.
Maybe there is a God. A loving God who wanted to give the world some respite after three pieces of horrible news yesterday. Anime is saved, I can't believe this is finally happening. 

I better start the second season soon, huh.
I pray that this be good, unlike the recent Kino's Journey adaption.
If this is the legendary rumored season three, then I better start watching just to see the hype is all about.

But what if its a reboot. Heard good things about this story so it has increased my priority on my watchlist.
Holo-Live(s).
What in the world??! Now it's time for me to watch season 1 of spice and wolf lol! Less gooo!
What a time to be an anime fan😤
The first light novel series I've ever read, and it was all thanks to the original anime. I hope this is a continuation.
Anime is looking spicy this year hot damn 🔥
Here's the question is it a straight season 3 or are they going to redo the whole anime since its been more than half my life
Never thought this day would come to be honest. But oh boy am i happy :D 

Now we just need a second season of No Game no Life..
I was planning to watch the original Spice and Wolf, but is this a new season or a remade like the Fruits Basket ?

Also hoping the OP slaps like Tabi no Tochuu. Or just remade the OP would be fine for me
Gosh i feel so old
Tell me I’m dreaming
Woah. Did Hell freeze over? Are pigs flying?
Woah
Wtf!!!!!!!!! No way, trippin hard af rn!!! 🥲  
Hope to hear an announcement for seraph of the end one of these days
Never did I think I would live to see this day.
No friggin wayyyyy!!! This and Hataraku Maou-sama new season announcement surprised me so much. I am excited. I hope FukuJun and Koshimizu Ami reprise their roles
I honestly thought it'd never happen
It says "kanzen shinsaku" (completely new work), which MAY mean this could be unrelated to the current two seasons available.

Brotherhood treatment maybe?
As a huge fan just wanted to post to say I was here
i really hope this is a third season and not a remake
LETS FUCKING GOOOO!!!!!
The meme economy is in shambles right now.
No fucking way
HOLY FUCKING SHITT!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOO!!
NORMALIZE PROPER ANIME REMAKES

Specifically things like FMAB, Fruits Basket, Spice and Wolf, etc...

There are so many old shows that got awful adaptations, caught up to source material and had awful endings, or just never finished that would make KILLER modern Anime.

I just want Soul Eater to get this treatment almost more than anything.
HOLY SHIT ITS FUCKING HAPPENING BDINFIFIDJUEUEJJFJFUUFJRJJRURUDJJFIEK.

Word cannot describe how happy I am
WHAT FUCKING YEAR IS IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope they get the same VAs for English dub Brina and J.M Tatum were quite the team
The ACTUAL GOAT Returns to us. Thank you God. Thank you anime.
Somebody pinch me. Wait, if this is a dream I never want to wake up.

Woohoo!
I'm a pretty new anime fan, I've only really gotten into it for a few years now, so I have no idea how it feels for everyone else who's been waiting for an announcement of another season of one of their favorite anime for YEARS but even I was shocked seeing this news despite not seeing the anime yet.

Next thing you know the meme of NGNL season 2 is gonna come true and the anime community is gonna explode. At this point I can actually see it coming true.
Spice and wolf, devil is a part timer s2, You-zitsu s2, NO GAME NO LIFE HAS TO BE COMING

2022 has been INSANE for anime and gaming
Well that was unexpected wtf!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
You’re kidding
Just posting to be part of history
Amazing
WHOOOO!
Awesome!
20 Years of Anime

Can any experts name all in order, it will be very helpful to all!!
That was awesome, brought back so many good memories.
I miss bleach
That's a cool amv, I saw most of my faves from after 2000. I'm sure I know the song that you used, what's it's name?
Wow, the joy of finding your favourite anime on playbacks like this is amazing! And really nostalgic too.
that ending card!
Rip JoJo’s
Wish Nichijou was there but Dragon Maid was enough for me
People who recognized every anime on this AMV need a veteran discount.

20 is a whole lotta time. This video made me realize just how long I've been a fucking weeb. Feels like I was born for this tittle.
Cool and super well done, but goddamnit if I hear another AMV, anime video or something anime related that uses Shippuden Opening 16, I'm gonna lose my mind.

And I actually *love* the song, it's in my top 10. It's just ungodly overused. Other opening songs exist, people.
20 years of hentai pls.
BLEACH!
Am I the only one that finds it strange that no Fate/ was in this?
This made me want to cry due to nostalgia, but I haven't even watched half of the shows lmao
I SAW K-ON I WAS WAITING TO SEE IT ON THIS VID
u/VredditDownloader
Guess Bites_za_dusto is needed to remove this video from existence
Ahhh all of these posts are making me emotional. Don't do to this to me you fucking weebs.
I only had 100 coins from a gold I got a little bit ago, but fuck it. You deserve it man. This made me feel way too nostalgic. Thank you.
I wonder how incredible animation will look in the next 20 years.
I’ve been looking for a good post to give an award to thanks to that coin pour out two weeks ago. It’s just silver, but this post deserves my silver. It’s also my first post to give an award to, and I’m glad it was this one. 

Thank you for making this, stranger.
How can you not fuckin love anime
Loved it but why they did my bois Tsuna and Reborn dirty
We see OP is a cultured guy when he already know that Mairimashita! Iruma-kun is classic
All my favorites except Mob made it in. You're a man of culture OP

Even Iruma got a spot, love it
That last clip legit made me cry. You can’t do that to me ;-;
Holy shit what a trip down memory lane. Like seeing all the friends I forgot about..
I always upvote if Elsie is included. I hope Fire Engine-kun treats her well. (The World God Only Knows)
No Oregairu, no like.
Just a reminder.

Hyouka is 7 years old.

7 years old.

And yet, it still has better animation than most animes today.

Jesus christ, KyoAni.
Forgot my two most favourite anime of all time

Detective Conan and JoJo

I love Conan so much especially that my mom was watching that when she was pregnant with me, the story and the ways of killing are just unpredictable

JoJo is just.....its just a great Anime for a lot of reasons especially the story
kinda sad that JoJo isn't here, but the video is still amazing!
Not sure why but I cried
Awesome video, but where's the last frame from?
Seeing Angel Beats again made me wanna cry
I. Love. This. Video. So many good animes and I really love the final picture how it shows basically the forefathers of anime (Bleach, Naruto, One Piece, and Dragon Ball) all of them I have watched but dragon ball which is on my list for animes to watch GOD I LOVE THESE SHOWS
[deleted]
really no dragon ball super? dafuq is this
Really nice. Makes me think of [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_PEaPgvh8g) on a similar topic but starting from the 90s.
If you can recognize the Anime and year associated with it, congratulations, you are officially a weeb.

Funny thing is I have watched 80% of these shows over the last 20 years.
u/vredditdownloader
I am simple man

I see Ippo, I upvote.
u/VredditDownloader
i damn teared up
 [u/VredditDownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/)
This makes me ultra nostalgic
I miss Durarara so much.
So glad to see Gintama in here
That ending manga strip is cute and funny considering how bad Bleach ended up being
Every anime gets 2-3 seconds but One Piece, an anime that's bigger than most in this video and has been running for said 20 years, gets like one frame in the beginning.
Thank god you added Code Geass, it’s one of top 20 best anime series of all time on MAL but people often forget about it! Bless your soul.

All Hail Lelouch! All Hail Britannia!
If I had coins I’d give you a metal. Well done
I didn’t even get into anime until around 2014 but this still brought back memories of the people in my life who eventually got me into anime.
Where is fricking  DRAGLN BAL
the fullmetal panic one is just a zoom out from the poster lmao
Damn I know every single anime that appears in this video, I don't know how am I supposed to feel.
Such a tear jerker..... AAARRRGHHHH
Always loved that little comic at the end.
Aww yeah Hellsing gang rise up
Half of these still need a season 2
Why didn't you include Tatami Galaxy, Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex, Nana, Blood+, and Nodame Cantabile?
Attack on titan season 1 premiered 8 years ago, feel old yet?
Dude inuyasha is a classic
WHERE THE FUCK IS JOJO?
Glad to see AngelBeats. 

It doesn't get mentioned often so I have no gage on if it was popular enough to be on an All-Star clip like this.
Fuck this is so nostalgic. Which makes me both happy and sad, but more of the latter unfortunately.
Jojo wouldve been nice, part 5 was pretty popular and gave way to some memes.
 [u/VredditDownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/)
no jojo... NO JOJO! WHERE'S JOJO?!
Brings back memories!
suddenly, I feel sad
Damnit, I'm crying over Bleach again
That last image got me....😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
im not crying you are
This was so dope
u/Vredditdownloader
Now someone list them all in order. Time for a re-watching marathon.
Oof...none of my top 5 were included big sad
no jojo no thanks
I sense contempt and prejudice against Dragon Ball Super? 🤔
I see school rumble, I upvote
Amazing video!
This is pretty good.
Kinna liked to see the shift to SD to HD.
What a journey, thanks OP (｡･ω･｡)
Fuck, I already watched all of them XD
I wish I was rich and could gift you a million dollars for this! 

That is legitimately what this is worth to me. It's priceless. It made me so happy! 

Thank you for this work of art!
I know Pokemon originated as a video game, but I know for a fact that it was the entry point for a lot of western audiences for anime. It should be included as well!
So many memories :(
Ah yes, the OP to this decade
This hit me with a ton of nostalgia. Damn
2/3 of my favorite anime, 11/10 montage
I say i recognized half of them. heh
Reminds me of qyll’s old year end vids.
Excellent editing work. So fluid. Well done!
The inclusion of Shakugan no Shana in this video makes me happy
Proud to say that I have atleast watched 90% of the anime shown in this video! Have come a long way from watching anime in TV. Glad that Inu Yasha is there too as it was my first anime and enjoyed watching it for the better part of my childhood. They always use Silhouette in these kind of compilation huh. Not that I'm complaining, just that it's a very apt song to use.
Wow... just...wow.
> 20 Years of Anime

It's been a great 20 years for the medium; I'm looking forward to what the next 20 years will bring!

(And it was very nice to see Chu2Koi in the reel here! :3)
You made me wanna go rewatch everything I’ve already watched that I seen in this video
What about best boys Mob and Reigen :(( but great job!
Oh my God! This deep nostalgia made a hole in my heart
u/VredditDownloader
Here’s to the next decade of awesome anime to be created, kampai!!!!!!!
r/vredditdownloader
Oml Elfen Lied, Azumanga Daioh, Bleach, Gintama, Soul Eater, HxH  


Give this man a cookie.
Don’t do that...
Don’t make me cry
Amazing
Good memories
Let's start the new decade with a new one!
This brought so much nostalgia. There’s a lot of anime I think should’ve been here as well, but overall this was well done and made me remember a lot of my favorite moments watching these anime with friends and family. A lot has happened over 20 years. Thank you for your creation.
I love that it starts with One Piece which is still going strong
u/vredditdownloader
I actually recognized all the anime on that...
Godamit wow
Naruto and one piece guy all grown up while ichigos dead in some corner
Thanks for making me nostalgic lol
20 years of anime.

There are still only one season of NGNL.
That fact that I knew all of them except for 2 😭
Ahh silhouette...the only song that makes me singalong
u/VredditDownloader
What is the comic at the end of the video? I am watching on my phone and the quality is too low to be able to read below the first cell.
I have seen so much stuff i can't watch this video i know i'd feel too much nostalgia and it'd give me the chills HELP
Shout out to those who sang along with the song
Awww I love this
I loved that ending with my hero and the big three
Oh my fucking god the nostalgia. 

I can't believe you just made me tear up.

[](#trynottocry)
This was a great video. Currently reading TWGOK manga and found out through this that it actually already had an anime adaptation. Thanks!
Can i get the opening ost to this beautiful video
Tthis really makes me wanna cry.
That shockingly smooth sync-up when Black Clover showed up was stupidly satisfying. Honestly though, this is fucking amazing.
*cries in nostalgia*
The era most of us grew up in
Excited for more greatness to come! But the vibe will never be the same...
Man, I'm gonna be honest. Anime is prolly the second best thing that's ever happened to me.
I think gto missed the cut by half a year.
# Shaman King

&#x200B;

AGH.. not even an extra season.
Both satisfying and deeply shameful that for most of the video I’m just going “seen it, seen it, seen it, seen it, seen it, haven’t seen it but know it, seen it, seen it, seen it......”
Fuck you for making me cry with that final shot, damn it. :(
You know your a weeb when you can recognize 75% or more of the clips
Very happy to see Iruma-kun and Hinamatsuri here, I feel like too many are missing out on them. Maybe Asobi Asobase and Kaguya-sama could've made the cut too
I SAW KINO'S! I LOVE KINO'S JOURNEY!
Man, I wish I could get my memory erased just to experience the excitement of some of those legendary animes again. Good times :)
Honestly, the background song could have been better
Damn you!! You made me experience feels!! Damn my heart just sunk in the gutter! Thank you for making me remember all the good times though!
What the song called? I love it
20 years of memories
This brought tears to my eyes, a genuine thank you.
What Amazing **20 years**, with the most beautiful **Anime** in the world
Damn. Being old sucks.
God im getting old. I remember when all of these first started.
I just celebrated my 20yr anime addiction; i know exactly what date and why. (Thanksgiving 1999);
Man.....the feels ......ty for this, trip down memory lane for me
Over the last minute and 19 seconds, my life flashed before my eyes
SHAMAN KING!!loved that opening and mothertrucking school rumble
I'm so happy that Black Clover made it in!
Thank you for using one of my favourite naruto soundtrack.

My favourite moment in this video would be when Violet looks into the camera. 

Very well done!
best way to describe this all as the japanese say "natsukashii~"
God damn Beautiful
This is super epic tbh
Missing a few. I know no one is reading this but where is Gundam? Or Dragon Ball? I know they are pretty westernized but mate I see shows on there with only a single season
This post sends chills down my spine with a wave of nostalgia.
I don’t know why this is making me so sad
samurai champloo is a classic
u/VredditDownloader
Where is D.gray man? How can this b allow? 

Seriously though good job!
That last scene, with naruto handing the gauntlet to deku. Not real but some many feels.
whenever i fucking see toradora my heart hurts because it ended
That actually made me tear up at the end, I've seen a load of anime in that montage, and makes me want to watch a hell of a lot more!
N U T
Great job! Just wish Baki was aknowledged
May they live on in our hearts
Feels way too much like a flashback of my life. So many hours of anime watched T_T
u/VredditDownloader
Big thank you for including Iruma-kun!
A year ago I would have recognized 1 of these, now I recognize most, been a busy year
Brings back a lot of memories. Forgot how many of those older ones I have on DVD.
Welp I definitely did NOT plan on crying today.
This takes me back this is very nostalgic it gives me memories I thot I never had thank you to whoever made this thank you
So many shows I want to rewatch. Ty for reminding me
Yeah so basically it’s anime rewind
I am proud to be in the community, here's to 20 more years!
So cool!
Hajime no Ippo always holds a special place in my heart.
bleach .... good times (:
Dont tell me only i cried while watching this.
Seeing my childhood animes makes me wet my eyes
I haven't seen many but seeing three of my favorites: Anohana, HxH, and Hyouka, in a row made my day.
im so happy that i got into anime
Being 21, i could cry
perfect. Just perfect.
That gave me an uncomfortable level of nostalgia. Guess I'm going to rewatch the classics again
This is so beautiful 

I'm not crying, you're crying
The memories... I really miss so many of these shows, but juts don't have the time to rewatch :(
Seeing Ippo made me smile, thank you for this.
My first ever anime was recommended to me by my older sister, it was prince of tennis, I really enjoyed that shit. I still go back to watch it sometimes
Isn't it cool when you know most of these
*Sad stand noises*
This might as well be my list for what I still need to watch lol. So much stuff that I missed over the years
That last panel is so fuckin beautiful OP. Thanks for that. Made me wanna cry lowkey
Very cool and now I feel old AF
I don't know many of them, but I still got goosebumps watching it, on to the next 20 years of anime! \^-\^
Even though this isn’t made to be sad this really made me want to tear up :’c it’s so amazing!
Demn how time has passed, I teared up watching this.
Nice Anime rewind
Nostalgia overload
this is pretty dope :\]
Man... I got a case of the feels watching that. Beautiful
silhouette easily one of the best music in this decade, i always get pumped up whenever i hear this song
This is really well done!
Thanks for making me cry, you cunt. 

No seriously ... Thanks. q.q
I cried...
No Fate entries. This list is wrong.
why the FUCK is JoJo's not there
It’s enough to make a grown weeb cry
u/vredditdownloader
I got the feels for this year man makes me feel like 2020 is the end but just the begin of a great year to watch more awesome anime
I'm saddened by how clearly the further it kept going, the fewer series I could identify, a reflection out how life as an adult has ever-increasingly left less and less time for anime :/
who's cutting those onions?!
My childhood in 1 video.
Fuck man, that song is just sad. Nostalgia mix in with depression T^T
I miss school rumble
Cheers for the old decade and the new one ahead! Tootooruu! Piece out homies ~
These picks are WAY too good
I'm crying
Lmao of course Silhouette was used in this. Its pretty great song and I got goosebumps watching that
Acknowledgment of Inuyasha. It’s beautiful, I love it
Woah I've actually seen most of these
Holy Crap dude that is frickin amazing. That gave me chills.
Fuck, I don't even watch that much anime and this has me emotional. So many great stories and so many characters I realise I miss in a weird way. Time is funny
Me: *Sees Dragon Maid*

*Happiness Noises intensifies*
u/vredditdownloader
If people want to pretend like they're watching anime from the early 00's against I really recommend the last anime they showed [Mairimashita! Iruma-kun](https://myanimelist.net/anime/39196/Mairimashita_Iruma-kun). It has an old tropey anime vibe but keeps things really fresh with good writing and fun characters. It looks completely generic on paper but manages to be something truly special to watch. (As a bonus it's completely free to watch on Youtube)
Not gonna lie this made me feel nostalgic. Seeing stuff like FMP and Mushi shi, old favorites, in the same video as some of my new ones made me realize how much time has passed.
Proud to say I recognize all in this video lol
u/VredditDownloader
Ending is amazing lol
Aww
We can make a religion out of this!
why there's no jojo?
I saw about 95% of them. What does that say about me?? Hahahaha
This was really great. I enjoyed it. Hit me with a bit of nostalgia.
Cool start.  Would be really awesome if it were longer and more inclusive, but I know that's way more work 😅
Listening to a song and it was on par with the video
Who can feel the Nen?
This is pretty nice!!! Got a Link so I can share it on my Social Media?
Fuck that was so much great.
I gave this a gold with my 500 reddit coins, if i could give it more i would this is so good i cant express it in words and so many nostalgic shows ahhhhh its too good for words
111111111/10
No jojo
No Fate in there, fuck this
Those who has watched all of these series is a fuckin weeb and i love them
Naruto Luffy Goku and Ichigo passing the torch to Izuku is a touching manga page is there a full comic of that or is it just the one page?
fuck you. manly tears were shed when i saw the plates from Honey and Clover.
Damn I’d like to see a longer video to allow for more of the scenes to play out. This was still really cool though!
School Rumble, the most unexpected chest cavity heart fuck of feelings
Cool af but no Evangelion????
Great taste there!
Where the f*ck is Shield Hero?!
This makes me so grateful for every single anime I've ever enjoyed and watched
Ah death note (~˘▾˘)~
I've only been watching anime since 2007.  Lately I've been. reading manga more than watching anime.  Bring on the next decade.
I cried
Holy feels!
Completed 90% of ur list, work in progress lol
I won’t say how much animes i watched during this decade. I believe my chances with a girl are low enough as it is already
who tf down voted this
No space dandy, Jojo, or DBS?

Overall still a TON of great content. 🍻 To (hopefully) another 20.
Got hit by truck-kun carrying all that nostalgia. This is the only post that hit me. Saying that I am old, that I am not a kid anymore.
Here’s to another 20 more!

Anime will never quite have the same charm to me as these 2 decades did but I’m hoping the quality and storytelling will only improve from here on out so that someone born now can say the exact same thing in 20 years
Ahh Samurai Champloo! Wonderful...
This almost made me cry.
Death Note Numba One
so very beautiful
Turn that shit up
 NO JOJO. You missed one right there
I'm about to have a breakdown breakdown
This is so fucking nostalgic *sob* *sob*
Even with some of these being more recent, this shit hit me right in the nostalgia.
u/VredditDownloader
I feel comfortable and sad at once .. I miss this
This is pretty dope.
And here's to 20 more!
[deleted]
It's not the same without seeing Ian dancing awkwardly in front of a car.

For real though, extremely nostalgic. Well done!
u/VredditDownloader
Putting the garbage that is Black Clover into this mix is an insult to every other show.
This is amazing 🥺🥺🥺
u/VredditDownloader
I first started watching anime this decade with naruto.

You can bet your ass that tomorrow evening I’m gonna finish the decade the same way.

Walked into the decade a total normie with. Bright future. Walked out as a degenerate weeb and have never looked back. 

The 2010s were fucking amazing and I can only hope the same for the 2020s

Happy New Year and hope to continue being degenerate scum for the next ones to come.
No Haikyuu :(
u/Vredditdownloader
Right in the feels
Literally gasped from feeling so moved. All of the shounen bring back so many memories
Not gonna lie, that Naruto and Deku picture at the end always gets me.
I learned so much from people who never existed 😌
(They exist in our hearts)
There was always gonna be a bunch of animes missing as summing up 20 years of anime in one and a half minutes is ambitious as hell, but I enjoyed this and it sent me on a feels trip
This made me extremely happy. Especially since they include The World God Only Knows AND Code Geass!
This is great you all are great I love my life filled with great Anime😉
Still after 2 decade one piece is still far from over. Oda sensei please have mercy on my soul
