21 Savage running away from ICE

Somewhere there's an opportunity for an Ice the bounty hunter joke
Who wants a banger in the mouth?
Check out who's riding the hog in the rear view mirror.
"Oh no!  Look at all the bobbys!"
whenever i get a wee bit scared i rap a little tune

&#x200B;

\-21 savage
"I had this shipped over from Blackstool, it's what I used to drive the Roger Moore's about in!"
21 Savage being British is my favorite thing to happen this year. I don't care for his music or anything about him but I just love these fucking memes.
“I put a banger in her mouth!” - Lord 21 Savage the 4th
I always thought this was a top gear screen cap
Thank you for this. 
I think he may be trying to circumvent the law
[deleted]
#*FOR BRITISH EYES ONLY*
Can’t have a party without ICE
I feel like Demi Lovato for how hard this is making me laugh
This is the best one ive seen yet. 
I just cackled 
u/titletoimagebot
This is amazing
See? I enjoy these memes at the misery of someone else? Why was Demi Lovato chewed out for this?
u/title2imagebot
I just love how he's getting more and more British. You know, new conspiracy: 21 Savage is the actual Queen of England in an epic Dolezal bid.
/u/title2imagebot
idk why i didn’t think there were any rap fans in this group. ironically i only know what ICE is because of AD.
Didn’t expect to see this here LOL
That was funnier than it had any right to be, and I don't even watch AD.
There’s no way in hell we’ll ever live to be. 
I didnt realize how funny this scene was till i seen this post LOL
u/title2imagebot
At least he's not the world's worst driver.
That is a flawless punchline.
Is this not a quote from louis of 1D? LMFAO 
ISSA MRF
that is Sir 21 the Savage to you.
FUCK ICE
British mofos!
How many times you forgot to renew your visa? 

A lot
[deleted]
Hopefully his next song tells us how many mini's fit in a 12 car garage.
Mini Cooper is British isn't it?
Is that Mr. Bean? 😂
[What a *fun* name...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxFp7atlOwI)
“Oi! Get back ‘ere you twat”
/u/Title2ImageBot
I definitely read that in her voice
u/title2imagebot 
I like how it's a British car as well 
Who the fuck is 21 savage? And does anyone care?
USA #1
This shits dumb. He lived here for 13 years. Go live in a foreign land and I’m sure within months you will adopt some characteristics of that region. Good clickbait for you karma sluts.
[deleted]
Nice
Golly, what a splendid episode I found this to be
Relevant (x-post from /r/The_mlMueller

Want to have some fun? Bring up a list of Trump's most ridiculous quotes and try to figure out which Arrested Development character would have said it. For half of these, choosing Lucille almost feels like cheating.

Lucille: I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it’s literally going to cease to exist.
*********
Tobias: She's ugly on the inside and the outside... I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man – he made a good decision.
*********
Lucille: Our great African-American President hasn’t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore.
*********
GOB: All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.
*********
Barry Zuckercorn: Trust me. I'm like a smart guy.
*********
GOB: I will build a great, great wall on our southern border

Narrator: He won't.

GOB: and I will make Mexico pay for that wall.

Narrator: They won't.

GOB: Mark my words.
*********
Lucille: The concept of shaking hands is absolutely terrible, and statistically I’ve been proven right.
*********
Lindsay: Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.
*********
George Sr.: I have a great relationship with the blacks.


Michael: Well, Dad don't think they love it when you call them that.
Give pop pop your hair.
Coo coo ka CHAAA! Coo coo ka CHAAA!
[He's got the worst fucking attorneys.](https://www.rawstory.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/rudygiuliani-800x430.jpg)
Real estate Developers 

Daughter with weird husband

One son in charge of the business and the other one is a total screw-up

Not to mention the light treason... LOL I bet you could find more similarities
Daddy horny, Ivanka. 
[deleted]
It's Kompromat, Michael. How much could it cost? $10?
I was a patsy!
Solid as I-Raq
No touching!
I don’t care much for Jeb 
There's always money in the borscht stand 
Which son is trying to hold the family together? Eric?
First offense!
There's always money in the banana stand
As it turns out, saying anything about Trump is like the bat-signal for crazies.
This is so perfect
No ~~Touching~~ Puppet!
Does no one remember he was actually working with US intelligence agencies the whole time and was only building houses in Iran so that the US government could spy on them? So bottom picture is not a traitor, and the jury is still out on whether the top picture guy is a traitor, but it isn't looking good for him.
I wouldn't call it light in Trump's case.
https://www.reddit.com/r/arresteddevelopment/comments/4uwxgu/it_may_be_more_like_medium_to_heavy_treason

Wild that I said the same thing a year ago and he's still the president 
LOL
Orange man bad. 
I didn’t celebrate for world cup, Olympic s, World Series, or nba finals, but I will go out and celebrate the day this actually happens.  
Probably the most re-posted pic on this sub. 
One of those memes you can disagree with but it’s so funny it doesn’t matter.
Please we are not in light treason territory anymore. 
The x-post sub doesn't exist?
Looks like an old Logan Paul 
There is an Instagram account that does a bunch of these, shout out to @trumpeddevelopment https://www.instagram.com/trumpeddevelopment/?hl=en

Why ?
Narrator: it was more than light.
The wall was Lucille’s idea. 
Check out trumpeddevelopement on instagram
TAKE TO THE SEA, DONALD!
Take it back to /r/politics.
"There's money in the golf carts ;D"
For some reason I really like this overlay over a crappy photoshop job
Literally watching this episode right now 
Damn, this had already been ringing in my head all morning.
What the fuck is The_mlMueller
Nothing Trump did was treasonous...
And my list of hidden subs continues to grow... for fuck's sake can you not help yourself but to infect every single subreddit on this entire site with shitty politics?
Dude, I just read that Trump is selling uranium to Russia.  Something called: "Uranium One".  You stellar investigators should check it out.
Can someone clear this up for me, what was the treason Trump committed?

*Edit: It was a serious question. 
This Trump outrage is so unorganic

Look at the dood's poling: [https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/)

It's a bunch of contrived bullshit by people buying upboats
I take this is about muller arranging  uranium deals for the Clintons 
[deleted]
Jessica Walter Dies: Emmy-Winning ‘Arrested Development,’ ‘Archer’ Actress Was 80

[deleted]
At least she isn’t alive in Arizona

RIP to one of the greats
I wanna cry so bad, but I don’t think I can spare the moisture.
This really sucks. Rest in piece you *BLEEP* *BLEEP* *BLEEP* *BLEEP* *BLEEP*..BUSTER..*BLEEP* *BLEEP* *BLEEP* *BLEEP*
She left when she was good and ready.
A lot of actors have been dubbed "America's Dad." Between AD and Archer, not sure anyone is more deserving of the title of "America's Emotionally Withholding Mother." RIP
Not to be dramatic but this makes me want to set myself on fire. She was my favorite on the show :(
I don’t understand the post and I won’t respond to it.
I'll be bringing her some salmon rolls right away. In heaven.
"If I wanted something your thumb touched, I’d eat the inside of your ear"

RIP to my favorite.
Honestly, as I've gotten older, I've realized more and more she was the funniest one. Like yea Tobias and Buster and them are great, but she was just so *fucking* funny as Lucille.
"I love all my children equally..."
RIP Gangie.
Oh no.  Thats so sad to hear.   Arrested Development is one of my favorite shows of all time.  She was absolutely hilarious.  I hope she knew how much joy she brought to people.  I havent felt like this since John Dunsworth passed.
*winks sadly*
She's not dead, y'all. She just went on a wonderful Cruise, You just missed a wonderful call from her. She just came back from a wonderful costume party that the captain threw. She gained ten pounds, there's so much food on that boat.
Got damn it, I need a vodka rocks
I don't understand this news, and I won't respond to it.
Mother! 💔🍸
Well, she did say she rather die peacefully in her home in New York City than be alive in Arizona.
I knew this day was coming, but it still sucks. I love that she never retired, she kept going her entire life. Archer better have a season where Stirling loses his shit and has to come to terms with the loss.
RIP to just the best. What an absolute champion of an actor. Malory Archer and Lucille Bluth are two of my favorite characters ever written.
I suspect foul play from Lucille 2. Or dry noodle involvement.

Really though, fuck. RIP.
She didn't want to move to Arizona
RIP legend
She was good and ready.
I won't hear it and I won't respond to it.

RIP Jessica Walter :(
This is a big get for God
Wow this one hit hard.
THAT’S MY WIFE, YOU BASTARD!
Heartbroken. The line “I don’t care for Gob,” convinced me that Arrested Development was the show for me. RIP icon.
And if this were the *real* death announcement, I’d cry here.
Are you sure the doctor said that she just “looks” like she’s dead?
80 just feels too young these days. RIP 😭
I hope she left when she was good and ready.

R.I.P to a legend 🕊
Wow this one hit me harder than it should :( She was amazing as Lucille Bluth
This one's kinda hitting me harder than I expected.
Lucille 1, Lucille 4 ever.
I just rewatched motherboy merely hours ago. 

Rest in peace.
The Seaward has sailed off into the sunset this time
This is hitting me so hard right now. 

My dad also died this year, at the same age. She reminds me a lot of my mom (lol) so this just hurts. 

Crying!
Sweet, old thing
Hopefully the afterlife has vodka waiting
another loose seal in heaven. rip
RIP Lucille I
Her?
Yes her, thank you for all the laughter.
RIP Mother.  Here's hoping that heaven has your brands.
 It’s all hitting me now. This is really happening. All this awful funeral stuff. The will, we have to get the will. I don’t know if enough time has passed. I don’t know what I’m saying. Is it in your car, Barry? I’m going to throw up! Check the car, Barry. I don’t know what I’m saying!
She was an absolute treasure. This is so sad. We’re all fortunate to have been able to enjoy so many of her performances. Her as Lucile Bluth is genuinely one of the best comedic acting performances ever.
How much could one funeral cost? $5?
She was the best, this one really hurts. RIP Jessica Walter 💔
I don't usually care much about celebrity deaths but this one is legit rough; I feel like I have a personal connection to Lucille Bluth through this many watch-throughs.
I'm going to drink my lunch in her honor.
Her acting in Arrested Developement legit helped me get through depression when times were rough. Absolute talent, class and grace. RIP Jessica, you will be remembered as the queen you've always been.
At the end of the day, every character added something funny that made show (and by extension this subreddit) funny. But nobody outshined Walter’s performance at all. There’ll never be another like her. RIP (with a side of Ike and Tina Tuna)
Mother
Sass like no other. She will be missed.
man it's rare that a celebrity death gets to me, but this hit me hard :( rip
I'd rather be dead in california, than alive in arizona
I don't understand this and I won't respond to it.
[Pour one out for Lucille Bluth](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/arresteddevelopment/images/a/ad/Air_quotes.gif/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20130402102455). Afterall, it goes bad as soon as you open the bottle.
I hate to be dramatic, but this news makes me want to set myself on fire! 

This is the third time I've made that joke since seeing this news but I can't help it! 

My friend just texted me that she hopes she got one last good side eye in before she left us. 

Love you, Jessica. You are incredible.
I guess we can say goodbye to those. Because it'll be the last time.

RIP Jessica. You'll be missed.
RIP she was the best character in the show
Never has a celebrity death hit me so hard. RIP to one of the best to ever grace television. Loved her in Archer too.
I dont understand the news and I wont read it.
I’ll be in the hospital bar.
I've had a really tough week but something about this just hurts. I really loved her character and her voice and just everything about the way she carried herself.
Honestly, Walters' characterization and performance of Lucille was the cornerstone of the entire show. She had the darkest, most cynical beats and lines, delivered with such grace and elegance. No other person could be Lucille.
Jessica's Doctor: "It uh looks like she's dead"

Jason Bateman: "Looks like, she's dead, or she is dead?"

Jessica's Doctor: "It just looks like she's dead. She's got like, blue paint on her or something, but she's going to be fine. 

***

One could dream. RIP Lucille. One of the few characters that didn't get dragged down by the not-so-great later seasons.
This year can go to hell.
She lived a good 80 years. May she rest in peace!
RIP. One of the funniest people on the show.
Want to downvote this.  Wtf
Pouring out my glass of breakfast wine in her honor
I won’t hear this and I won’t respond to this.
Oh hunny. I want to cry so bad. But I don't think I can spare the moisture.


Lost her husband in 2019. She died at 80, in her sleep at home, warm in her bed. We should all be so lucky. And I can't think of many people more deserving of a such a peaceful passing. RIP
MICHAEL AND WOMEN?!?!!

A COODLE DOODLE DOODLE DOO
I always make fun of people when they get sad that a celebrity they never knew passed away. Now I'm the sad one. What a loss. You will always be my Lucille.
Rest in Piece with Lucille 2.
Oh man! She was fantastic! RIP
Aww no. This bums me out.
NOOOOOO this can’t be. Here’s to Lucille Bluth
RIP to the Seaward Matriarch.
I’m so sad.
Ugh, she was so funny, RIP
I’d cry but I don’t think I can spare the moisture.
RIP Seaward.  😢
I would cry, but I can’t spare the moisture...    Loved her!!!
Time to binge watch the whole series. Again.
Damn RIP. At least vodka doesn’t spoil after it’s opened in heaven.
She left when she was good and ready.
She's not dead, she just went on a trip inside of that musty old clap trap. 

...

&#x200B;

The... cabin. 

&#x200B;

OH MY GOD!

&#x200B;

ARE YOU STILL MAKING BREAKFAST BURRITOS???
Hola? Is Rosa still alive?

No?  This is not my day.
MOTHER!!!!!
Crazy that she was the actress behind arguably the funniest actress in a sitcom and in a cartoon. This sucks
I watch this show every night to deal with anxiety because it always puts me in a happy mood, just tried to watch it and starting sobbing. 

Rest in peace, Mrs. Walters and thank you! You were my absolute favorite person on the show.
holy shit... this is so sad...
Damn. We've lost a true legend. May she rest in peace.
Awh :( I hope they don't continue Archer without her
:( I was just talking about how I was happy she’s still alive , like yesterday , wtf

Rip
I’m devastated
Def watching a few episodes tonight now.
She never got her Afternoon Delight
Thank you for sharing your talents with us! You helped made my teens special!

Rest in Peace!
Man Lucile was one of my favorite tv show characters of all time. Amazing actress who lived a wonderful life. You will be missed Jessica. RIP
This does NOT tickle my fancy
She was such a funny woman, my heart sank when I heard the news. RIP 💔

“I’d rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona”
Her first words in heaven?


“Thank God they got my brands here”
My heart is broken. Jessica Walter is gone and everything is worse now.
This one hurt, man.
I’m so sad about this. She was my favorite character on the show. The iconic “YOU COULDN’T HANDLE IT” is my favorite scene in the entirety of the series. 

I’m absolutely gutted.
My favourite line of hers on AD is, "He's a beautiful boy...they don't appreciate him. It's his glasses...they make him look like a lizard...plus he's self-conscious."

RIP Jessica Walter. She's very good.
RIP =(
Oh no.  :(
MOTHER NO :’(
I’d quote Lucille 1 right now but I can’t even think. RIP 💔
This is sooo sad.. Love Jessica Walters.. Lucille bluth and malory archer is my hero
She was a legend. RIP. Lucille will always be my favorite ADev character. Thanks for the 10 dollar banana joke that will always be one of my favs.
Awh man. RIP Jessica Walter. Who can forget her and Buster in MotherBoy
My first thought is holy shit what is Adam Reed gonna do with Archer?

Rest in peace though. She was an *incredibly* skilled voice actor among her other talents.
Rip ❤️it just makes me want to set myself on fire
She looks like she’s dead or she is dead?
RIP will drink a bottle of hand sanitizer in her honor.
I wanna cry so bad, but I don’t think I can spare the moisture.
This hit a lot harder than I would have thought.  So amazing in this and Archer.
Just found out, she was absolute perfection, so bummed.
Fucking icon.
Amazing character and actress. Will be sorely missed. RIP. :(
What’s Spanish for, “I know you speak English”?

One of my faves, will miss you JW!
First I blow him, then I poke him.
RIP the greatest!
Daddy sad Michael...
I need to go out an buy a star wars...
Wonderful actress and, from what her coworkers have said, a wonderful person to be around.
This better not be another one of Gobs tricks.
Don’t tell Michael.
A coodle doodle doo! A coodle doodle doo! RIP
I’m so sad. What a great actress
*Lucille was enjoying her breakfast of vodka rocks and a piece of toast in the sky.*
Not falling for this one, Gene Parmesan!
“Mother”
Maybe she’s just trying to give us a little scare?

In all seriousness, she was a legendary actress, and a class act. Rest In Peace, Jessica, you were an inspiration and a powerhouse.
Hoping this is a set up for another Gob funeral illusion. *Final countdown plays*
Are we sure she didn’t just get away from us?
80 years old is a young age nowadays. She looked fantastic still. RIP
I really want this to be fake, please not be real :(
Fuck.... her performance in arrested development was one of the most hilarious performances in entertainment history.... RIP you representer of all moms :(
She never got to see my bee business get off the ground.
What could it cost to get into heaven, St Peter, 10 dollars?
RIP

She truly was my favorite actress. Always could make me laugh.
Such an incredible loss. Jessica Walter was one of a kind.
So sad
RIP Jessica.
Lost Seal
Prove it
RIP Gangy

Also, she played the widow of the murder victim in the [1974 Columbo episode, "Mind Over Mayhem", also starring Jose Ferrer.](https://columbophile.com/2018/02/25/episode-review-columbo-mind-over-mayhem/)
Hurts my soul. A fantastic actress🙏🏽
RIP to my namesake, we have lost an icon today.
She died.

Me:"what!"

She was 80.

Me:"whaaat?!"

Hilarious actress who definitely didn't look near her 80s.
Mother 😢 ❤️
I'd cry, but I don't think I can spare the moisture.
I am sobbing. I can’t believe this.
I love all my sons equally
I still watch montages of her AD clips on YouTube occasionally... One of my favourite characters ever to grace the screen. She was splendid. Truly splendid. For a long time, I wanted to name my family den as The Lucille Bluth Bar, because that’s where I’d have my vodka and toast, and you know what, I just have to get a plaque made and hang it up. For the innumerable moments of laughter, I raise my glass to you, Jessica. May you rest in peace. 

PS. Can someone please try to find Gene. Surely he’s taking this news the worst.
She never missed... ever. Every line was fantastic. 

An absolute comedic legend.
“I’ll leave when I’m good and ready.”

And she did. #RIP
RIP Jessica. So glad she went peacefully in her sleep and gets to be together with her husband who passed in 2019. This is the first real star in my universe of favorite shows to go out. Thank you for the many many continued laughs. ❤️
Are they sure? Have they checked the Hospital Bar?
absolutely heartbroken. she was the best.
Wait... I wanted to bang an 80 year old?
I guess Buster finally killed her.  She was a terrible mother...
Thank you for everything, Jessica!  You were the best and brought laughter to me for years.  I promise I won’t cry.

Narrator: he did
R.I.P. Gangi 💕
I'm so sorry to see Jessica Walter go.  She was the funniest one on the show.  I'm watching it again since I heard she is gone.  She is funny in every scene.  I miss her.  RIP Jessica!
Ohhh maaaan. Rest in Peace!

I started watching this show 3 days ago, I'm on season 2
I will miss her voice.
Everything she does is dramatic and flamboyant. Makes me wanna set myself on fire!

Let’s hope her hospital had a bar 🥂
Legend
Archer  : NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
fuuuuuu
Awe man RIP
So sad. She was so amazing!
NO
RIP
Holy fuck
Wtf no :(
Oh no
She gave us so much.  RIP
:( Rest in power, queen!
Damn, she will be missed.

[It's more of an aubergine...](https://youtu.be/XaJc10IZavM)
Nooooooooooooooo :(
Oh no!
Come On!

Here’s some money, go see a Star War.
Says... says... says the guy in the THREE THOUSAND DOLLAR SUIT
You know, say what you will about America, $1200 still gets you a hell of a lot of mice.
$1200 for 10 weeks only works if you live in a musty old clap trap.
There's always money in the banana stand
Family love AOC
This reminds me of a section of Anthony Bourdain’s “Medium Raw” where he talks about a time when he was hanging out with the extremely rich and famous. He explained that rich people just don’t carry cash with them, at some point the expenses will be paid because someone will be paying them on your behalf. They don’t even carry credit cards, they have people for that. So whenever I see rich people not understand the value of a dollar, or why things don’t cost much, it’s because they haven’t had the need to think about money for a long time, even needing to pay for it because someone else will pay on their behalf.
She's one of us!!!
What will we do about CINCO DE CUATRO this year!?
She should be Miss Manager of the country.
This is my stimulus check, mother. From government.
“Tell me the truth. There's been a lot of lying in this family”
I didn’t think it was possible to like AOC more but here we are.
Ah, I see you're a woman of culture as well.
HE’S A MONSTER!!!
I just started following her yesterday and this was the first tweet I saw this morning. I couldn't be more pleased.
Oh my. Did AOC just quote Arrested Development? 

I'll be in my bunk
LOL

Imagine actually voting for republicans after all this.
Maybe about 50 years ago?
I live in a very cheap area in a cheap apartment and that covers just under two months rent so that doesn’t even take into account all the other expenses associated with existing. Good luck to those people living in bigger cities.
Obviously has never been in such a situation
Get rid of the Seaward.
Steve Mnuchin you blowhard
AOC...Marry Me!!
Shes a true voice of our generation.
There’s always money in the banana stand 😉
Now they want you to go back to work and make them their money during the largest global pandemic In 100 years. The party of pro life everyone.
I wish they would take all Mnuchin's money and let him live on that for 10 weeks.
AOC for the win with the Arrested Development reference.
My rent is $2,200 alone. I love in a 700 sq ft home with my wife and 2 kids in northern California. This stimulus does next to NOTHING for my family and I.
Is he living on earth? This guy is so out of touch with reality.
Fuck that guy!
Ive never loved her more than I do right now.
So I know this is Reddit and I will probably be down voted for this, but I am wondering if I misinterpreted what he said. Doesn't he mean the whole package and not just $1200? So if you lost your job you can get $600/week in federal unemployment, plus whatever you get from your state, then the $1200 on top of that? So with just the federal money ($600/week + $1200) an individual would receive $7200 over 10 weeks?
I love AOC even more now
Dude looks like the manager that Mr. Incredible chucked through the walls
$1200 doesn’t even cover my monthly rent and I don’t live in a nice apartment or anything that’s just as low as it gets round these parts.
Go see a star wars! Jeez
He is going to pay for a Bluth Banana....Come On!
How long could he live on 1200?
I live in Iowa where the cost of living is STUPID low and I couldn’t even do that....
I didn’t think I could be more in love with her. I was wrong.
One of the most punch able mouth and jaw ever in Trump's circle.

I still remember his blond flaky wife was flaunting her designers' clothes and shoes not too long ago and claimed that they have done more for America than us peasants with ten dollars rent for a month.

The time is now, now and now.  November?  They're rigging it as we speak.
Is anyone honestly surprised these idiots have no idea what things cost?
How much could a mortgage cost, Micheal? $10??
Considering AOC has actually worked a day in her life.
Steve: "I might have committed some light treason"
Go see a star war
I owe 640 in rent over 8 weeks. So I have 560 for food, gas, electric? For 10 weeks? Lmao
[deleted]
OK. I want her to be the first female president. 

Not because she's female, but because she's fucking awesome.
She is great
On Hot Ones, he gave me the chills.
"Come on dude, you deserve it!
Come outside, it's a hand.
I'm genuinely surprised that she is old enough to be a fan.
Come on, that will never happen
On hindsight, I didn’t wake up
Lol I would have loved to see her face as she was typing this tweet.
On Arrested Development you have a character who has always been rich and doesn’t know that prices are relative.

Here you have a public figure who knows THEY couldn’t live on $1200 for 10 weeks, so they absolutely know that prices are relative. And yet he still has no idea what it costs for basic living. That’s much worse, in my opinion, let alone the fact that one is a misconception possessed by an imaginary character.
He is going to pay for a Bluth Banana....Come On!
On another note, it’s self explanatory.
Damn dawg where you do dat at? Live big on $1,200 woot woot
Go see a star war
Holy shit this is real
On my planet, it is quite accurate.
The Nuch knows, thenuchknows.
I just watched the interview, he never said that. But yes, not a chance is $1200 even close to enough
What, people can't work a 40 hour work week where they net $3 an hour after taxes?
I’ve got enough money to make some ham water for everyone who sees this!
How does this make sense? You get $600 a week for unemployment. And $1200 in addition to that or to your regular salary if you're still working.
Dumb bitch lok
Obviously he means we're going to be "all right."
Who ever this monkey is, tell it to run its head into a wall.
u/VredditDownloader
>His comments likely referred to the entire $2 trillion relief package passed by Congress in March, which also provided more flexible requirements for unemployment benefits, bailouts, and loans to large corporations, as well as loans to small businesses so that they could continue paying their workers.

Reading is hard
Maybe if americans would just stay in and make some hot ham soup they could make that $1200 last for 10 weeks.
It’s stimulus not a crutch, it’s not meant to be lived on, just to help
I see his name and I read it as "Munchkin".  His face doesn't correct that. BAD munchkin. BAD!!
I’d like to see this muppet live on that amount
Her?
Maybe you can get a job, it's where you ... You know what I dont want to spoil the surprise
Pretty funny
Just when I thought she couldn't get any more awesome...
God damn you beat me too it lol!
Did she actually tweet this? That sounds too funny for her
This is the only time I have ever thought anything she has ever said was worth listening to.
You can’t make this stuff up, can you? These people suckkkkkk. So. Hard.
I should keep a tally of how many comments I see or hear from
AOC that aren’t completely useless. Now I am up to two.
Says the retard in Louboutin shoes.
I don’t watch this show. But this isn’t even an accurate reference. Wasn’t the rich old lady inflating the value of a banana because $10 is nothing to her? So using that same logic, she would also inflate their rents, yet also consider it a small and negligible amount. So in her mind no one could live off $1200 for even a day. Dumb reference. Makes no sense.
Oh look celebrity politician uses meme from show me likes!! Consoom!!
Come visit Argentina, have a little salami
This is why you don’t let govt run anything
And you fools wanna make the government bigger and give them more power.
🤮
What next sub will be taken over by politics?
Do you think that was the intention? To pay for everyone’s rent?
This is just a drop in the bucket for some people’s situation but I broke it down to think about it from the perspective of someone who works 40 hours on $7.25. It’s about 6 weeks of post tax pay. For a lot of people 1.2k will help out a lot.
r/fellowkids
Well that’s just a lie, it’s much more that $1200 and it will likely be much more than once. $1200 per adult $500 per child on top of state unemployment and the forgivable loans to companies to hire back their workers and pay their wages. AOC is being disingenuous like she always is, and if she doesn’t know you’re getting more than $1200 what is she doing in office?

And on top of the state unemployment you get another $600.

Edit: Why are you booing me I’m right? At -28 good to know you’d rather be lied by a congresswoman than be told the truth by a Reddit comment
[removed]
Oh shit I made this joke hours ago but about the banana being 7 cents. Is she funny or something?
They can live on that.  It's $17 a day. I've lived on less.
'Arrested Development' Officially Renewed for Season 5 at Netflix

Family Love Netflix!
Taste the happy Michael!
I'm glad this show is getting anustart
>The streaming giant has finally confirmed that it's ordered a fifth season of the cult comedy. Creator Mitchell Hurwitz and the entire series regular cast — including Jason Bateman, Michael Cera, Jeffrey Tambor, Jessica Walter, Will Arnett, Tony Hale, Portia de Rossi, David Cross and Alia Shawkat — will return for the new episodes, which will premiere in 2018.

>The announcement comes a week after Bateman tweeted that he had closed a deal to star in more episodes of the show. Sources told The Hollywood Reporter at the time that Hurwitz's deal was done weeks ago and that the writers room had already started up. 
Looks like Season 5 is no longer a Maeby
So with all the false hopes and the "yeah, it'll happen" articles we've seen over the last few years, is this the one we can finally get excited about? Contracts are signed... the deal is done... there's even a 365-day window in which we are told it will be on the air.

Screw it, I'm doing my happy chicken dance. 
> “In talks with Netflix we all felt that stories about a narcissistic, erratically behaving family in the building business — and their desperate abuses of power — are really underrepresented on TV these days,” said Hurwitz

Hah
I really hope they will go back to the old style of story telling and not the single-character based episodes of season 4
"we all felt that stories about a narcissistic, erratically behaving family in the building business — and their desperate abuses of power — are really underrepresented on TV these days,” said Hurwitz. “I am so grateful to them and to 20th TV for making this dream of mine come true in bringing the Bluths, George Sr., Lucille and the kids — Michael, **Ivanka, Don Jr., Eric**, George-Michael, and who am I forgetting, oh Tiffany. Did I say Tiffany? — back to the glorious stream of life.”
This news made me want to stick it in her brownie.
I'm so glad they got everybody back!
[Huzzah!](http://i.giphy.com/3o85xzwOcKkOw67ywg.gif) 
I wonder if this means the first four seasons will either stay around or come back before the new season comes around.
I'm so happy, I could kiss all of you.

"NO TOUCHING!"
super giddy; cannot fathom it's been 4 years since S4 dropped. they all looked very different then, and i cannot imagine what the additional years have done (hopefully not too much)
I mean, it's just a new season of a cult show, Michael. What could it cost? 10 dollars?
Well that took long enough

"Stupid forgetful Michael"
This new season calls for a banner
I just blue myself. 
I'm afraid I just shot my wad.
I think aside from the fact that the return is official, the most important part of this article is "...is time, the Bluths will **collectively** be spending more quality time with their millions of fans around the world." Emphasis mine. If that's true I'm exceptionally excited.
I hope Michael gets another shot with Sally Sitwell 
If we had internet streaming back in 2003, this show would never have been canceled. It was just too hard for people to keep up with back in those days. 
MARRY ME!
Her?
LOOK AT (NEWS)BANNER MICHAEL!
I dont understand you people. Season 4 was so funny and different. I love it for what it is. So many great storylines.
I wine em and dine em but I dont let them tell me what to do. I DON'T. LET THEM TELL ME. what to do.
Well this is joyous news!
I read this article in Ron Howard's narration voice.
Itshappening.gif
Huh, the I'm Still Oscar website is still up.  
Edit: .com
There's always money in the banana stand!
I knew other people watched this!  There are dozens of us.
Hope that 4 year hiatus will pay off. My SO refers to season 4 as "Troll 5". 
I'll take credit for this.  I'm sure they renewed it, because I just re-watched the entire season for the 3rd time. 
Fool me once and get me excited about a new season... But fool me twice then... you fo... I don't know.
*“In talks with Netflix we all felt that stories about a narcissistic, erratically behaving family in the building business — and their desperate abuses of power — are really underrepresented on TV these days,” said Hurwitz."*

Best line of the article!
There's always money in Arrested Development
But I thought George Michael died?
I remember when reddit used this show for lube. Twas a different time
I just hope that it's better than season 4.
Season four of that show on Netflix wasnt even that good
YES
Look at banner, Michael! 
Easily one of my favourite shows!
I can't wait. I get to watch the whole series over now. Sweet. After I finish angry beavers of course
Netflix said some wonderful things.
six seasons and a movie!
Nice!
Why, this is joyous news!!
Season 4 was hard to get through for me. I think they need to cut down the length of each episode
So excited! Hopefully we'll get to see more of this... https://youtu.be/1TphEh0Qgv0 chicken dancing at it's finest!!
yes!!
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meh
YES
Time to take out the old Seaward.
It's like my heart is getting hard. 
The ride never ends..
How much did that cost Netflix? $10?
"I've made a huge mistake." Amazon and Hulu
I hope it's not like season 4

Old bear! He liked the honey.
Hope it's better than season 4. It was awful.
A nu start for all of us 
Hope it's better than season 4
Please be like seasons 1-3 that I've watched 4 times.   I just can't get into shows like season 4, where the actors had different schedules and it seemed like nobodies heart was in it.  If they phone it in, how can they expect me to enjoy it.   
The hiatus felt too long.
Has anyone said this? Yes!!
Why? Season 4 was absolute garbage.
awful
This is going to suck.  
ANUSTART
Hmm, wondering if season 4 is worth watching to lead up to this. Got halfway through but it was so unbearably unfunny compared to the hilarity of the first 3 seasons that I had to stop watching
I love AD as much as anyone on this sub, but oh my god season 4 was TERRIBLE. 
Gawd please make sure season 5 is funnier than season 4.
Good to hear that it sounds like the cast will be interacting more with each other than they did in S4. Just hope they tighten up the writing editing for this season, since there were a lot of scenes in S4 that kind of dragged on with mediocre improv.
I really hope they're able to get everyone all together at the same time for filming. I think that's where season 4 kind of struggled, not having the full group dynamic for most episodes. Still excited either way though!
I hope it's better than season 4, but I don't have high hopes. I don't think I've actually liked any of the seasons of shows Netflix has revived. 
I hope its better than season 4.  I did not laugh nearly as much at season 4 as i did any other singular season.
Roberto Love Programme
Okay.

I'm hoping this will spur more of the long running gags and story arc of the first couple of seasons, I trudged through the last season but it wasn't the same for me, just felt like they went through the motions.
Omg let it die already
This is exciting 
This is great news! Currently rewatching it for the gazillionth time, and I can't Wait to see more!
IIRC (and it's been a while), didn't Season 4 set up Lindsay as a Hilary parallel? That's going to be an interesting pivot.
Please, shorter episodes, or at least not terrible longer ones. Quality control 
Netflix is doing everything and it's awesome.
not sure I trust netflix to handle this.  I wish it was HBO or somebody else.  We shall see.
When are they going to release the re-cut of season 4?
Praying it follows a more traditional formula than last season
NO FUCKING WAY YES
I never thought this day would come..
Maybe I should watch season 4...
Ah, shit. Now I _have_ to finish the 4th season...
I hope they manage to pull a "Trailer Park Boys" and get stuff on track to being more like the older show.
What ever happened the Season 4 reconstruction? Where they were going to make 20 minute episodes? Is that still happening?
Just let it go already jeez. 
wow this is way more than a movie
I'm not enthused.
Can it be good this time?
Aren't seasons 1-3 getting taken off Netflix due to copyright bullshit?
Sadly the got removed from brazil's netflix, only season 4 still up
Wonder what Lindsay's face will  have turned into. It was definitely in metamorphosis during season 4. 
Bob Loblaw. I'll believe it when I see it.
Fantastic news! Can't wait. Fingers crossed we see some more Franklin.
No. The show was good until Netflix got it. Season 4 was shit.
Stop this agony please. While the first 3 seasons were AMAZING, the fourth one is sooo disapointing.
I just blue myself. 
Omg no.
Meh, the magic is gone. What show has ever come back with the same cast after so long and been worth it?
I just hope they make Michael the straight man again. It just doesn't work when Michael is also up to stupid shenanigans like the family.
Nut = busted
BEES!?
Sigh. Season 4 was a let down. I won't be surprised if this ones even worse
I'm afraid I prematurely shot my wad on what was supposed to be a dry run if you will, so I'm afraid I have something of a mess on my hands.
queues *The Final Countdown*
Please please it rest in peace...
Hope it's better than last season....
I lost interest after he lost his hand. I kept watching but wasn't really interested. Should I watch more or am I better off in the past?
Why? Season 4 was terrible
Season 4 was unwatchable garbage that spit in the face of the main run of the series.  So...yay!  Another season like that....
I swear this news has been making the front page every 6 months for the past 3 years. 
Oh God, no.
Damn, I just cancelled Netflix
What was the point of Jason Bateman acknowledging he was doing season 5
The time that my wife and I blue everyone away with out Arrested Development cosplay at DragonCon.

I figured if I Blue myself early, I'd be nice and relaxed for a 9:00 dinner reservation
Yes. Lindsay and I are planning a night of heterosexual intercourse.
The resemblance in uncanny! Well done!
[deleted]
Blue everyone.....



Away.
OP here. I just wanted to let everyone know that I, unfortunately, do not look like Tobias on the daily. I am boring, pale, and rarely keep a solo mustache. \[Imgur\]([https://i.imgur.com/FlPwSea.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/FlPwSea.jpg))

Edit: Get a load of this dude DMing me. Cosplay look != Regular look. [This guy. ](https://imgur.com/a/MqeMVjD) 
**** me
I'm actually watching this ep now.   Pop pops funeral.  :D
I saw you there!  You took a pic with my kid and your wife wanted to hide her shirt. I’ll try to post the pic. 

https://imgur.com/a/vO6gAVS
Major props to your wife, she's got some balls if she's willing to walk around in a mini skirt and shirt that says "SLUT" across the chest even though there's a real possibility that people won't get the reference.

Respect
That's a cosplay? I thought you just really liked cutoffs
“You forgot to say away”
At first I thought that was a cosplay Lindsay next to the real Tobias. Nice job!
It's just a phallus seeeeee!
I sent this picture to someone who has not seen arrested development [and](https://imgur.com/a/5hjkkSo) 
Oh, this is RIPE for parody!!!
63 days till next DragonCon...
I can't imagine many fucking losers in Deadpool costumes went up to her and did something awkward because of her shirt.
Saturation 4 looking pretty good.
I’m feeling ready to donate to H.O.O.P.
The fact that you're wearing skin tights proves you're more of a never-nude than Tobias is.
You almost forgot to say "away" again
I can't believe you went to a con totally nude. 
I just blued myself. 
I'd be willing to represent the both of them in their divorce proceedings
Blue paint > Blue body suit
absolutely glorious. great work.
I can't believe you went to a con completely naked.
Awesome cosplay.  I once had a Never Nude party at Burning Man and only one person showed up in cutoffs!  But we did get a steady stream of folks protesting their right to be nude. 😂🤣
I will become my dead fathers body! 
Ha ha ha its interesting
Haha love this! 
You keep forgetting to say away.
*something something* **Anustart**
Damn, your Tobias is spot on.
That’s good but I can’t believe they let you in there buck naked. 
You're just cosplaying that dude from Big Fat Liar
No... THIS WILL NOT MAKE ME EAT! 
Pretty sure the word away is redundant
Mrs... Or mister?
Before I saw the full res, I legit thought you were just David Cross.
U two were made for this cosplay 
I feel there was a missed opportunity here. "My wife and I blue everyone..."
Can we get a NSFW tag please?  I’m not cool with all this nudity. 
Why do you look like a blue Gandhi
Best cosplay ever
The fact that this is cosplay and not the actors 
It looks like you really blue yourself
It’s the liquor randy, I’m one with the liquor
I legit thought you were the actor.
He looks just like Tobias 
The bodysuit takes nevernude to a whole nother level
I called the police, Bruv
You blowhard 
You finally remembered to say "away"!
definitely hit the nevernude part of it ;)
Wow, a nevernevernude, now those are hard to find.
Did you bring your list of "can'ts" to exchange for her list of "won'ts?"
This is great I love BrockHampton!
> with out Arrested Development cosplay

I guess you could say you accidentally "out"-ed your self.
Great transformation!
I think everyone was blown away that she was with you 
Is that a Shémale?
Color me impressed.
Well done looks incredible
Your facial expressions are perfect.
Blue Man Group. You should join them.
You old Blowhard!
There are dozens of us!!!
You...remembered to say "away"
Tobias Funke - Analrapist
Sh\*t! You are married to Carl Weathers?
you both nailed it so well, except 6.5/10 for no full body paint.
It looks like he’s dead.
Your wife looks like Jennifer Morrison
Wish my wife and her boyfriend would dress up like that :/ 
Holy fuck I can't believe there's a sub for this show. And that people are still into it haha. I love it. 
How'd you blow them away with out the cosplay?
Yeah godda have those pants. I dont know what idiot thought of "lets make the dick super visible and sell it in children's sizes"
Beth and Mr. Meseeks
I thought she was advertising Salt Lake UT...
ANUSTART 
He looks like Gandhi in blu 
You sure you guys weren't in a library or something?? Everyone else is dressed normally. 
Blue suit instead of blue makeup
Why is she wearing a Salt Lake Utah shirt?
Bullshit, never nudes never wear body suits.
That's fantastic!!
I like shemalè better
she should have worn a she-mah-le
What about that time?
That's a home run
Is that an authentic SheMalé shirt!?
The world’s first analrapist
I'm so glad it said away...
t h i c c
It’s a shemale
I wish she was wearing Shemalé
Dr tobias fünke
Lindsay looking better than ever...
"Don't take Tobias."
Women are saints for loving our ridiculous bodies.
Or "Bluth" everyone away?
Should’ve opted for the shémale
You are punching way above your weight dude.  High five.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
I don't watch the show, whats David Cross's characters problem?
Nice tits, but a bit board-like on the figure.
You forgot to say "away" agai... Oh, wait.
Epic🔵
"cosplay"
[removed]
Watching the Cubs/Dodgers game when suddenly.

Call the next one a strike and I’ll give you $10,000 my knees are killing me
Narrator: 

"Michael was happy to finally do a normal activity with his father. Unfortunately, George Sr. was in Vegas with Kitty and it was actually Oscar who he ended up spending a lovely afternoon at the ballpark with. Oscar wanted to tell him, but was so happy to finally be seen as a father figure that he couldn't bring himself to tell Michael."
Gob is probably out there sticking it to Sitwell
They're watching Buster out there. You known he can't run, and he can't catch, he's just a turd out there.
Michael: “You bet company money on the Yankees winning today!?”
George Bluth: “I’ve made a huge mistake”
That's so dope. It's just two coworker buddies catching a game on the weekend. You know they made the plans while working during the week. Love it.
NO TOUCHING!
I imagine they're watching GOB out there who's constantly looking longingly into the stands just hoping for a game of catch.
It’s probably Oscar.
Whose minding the banana stand ?
[deleted]
Oh shit, Bateman’s got an earphone in presumably to listen to the radio call of the game. This is serious business for him.
PopPop?
I’m catcher or I’m nothing!
Them?
Pop Pop gets a treat?
Been watching ozark, weird seeing Bateman in a serious role
It makes me happy to no end that those two hang out.
How dare you? I oughta shave your head and make you sit under that camera all night, mister.
Who are they?
It ended as poorly as a game of catch could end
Looks like he’s wearing a Bluth hat
Everyone is saying how Michael looks like Tom Cruise but my first thought was that he looked like Jason Bateman.
That's shaved-head Oscar. Classic switch. 
Is anyone else having a hard time convincing themselves that this isn't Tom Cruise? 
Then why don't you marry some peanuts and cracker jack.
Jason Bateman seems to have a headphone bud in his left ear. Is this for the game or maybe for  listening to the director giving signals on when to act or something
I'm Oscar!
Looks like Oscar is taking Michael to a ballgame so he can give him the "pop pop" talk. 
Is that Tom Cruise?
Father/Son time at the ballpark!
Making up for all the time he left Michael on the front stoop instead of going camping.  
You were just a turd out there
Maybe they’ll clear someone from murder like Larry David
Michael Bluth... MARRY ME!

Goddamnit, now Stan Lee shows up IRL too? Wasn't movies enough?
The guy on the right kind of looks like Tom Cruise. 

Bees??
Jeffery Tambor is wearing a Bluth hat too from what I saw at the stadium.
Just call the God dame game all ready will ya
Filming an episode for season 5 of Netflix’s revamped Arrested Developement 
Daddy want pennant, Michael?
God damn, I waited a minute for the .gif to start. 
That could be two other guys.
A lovely father son moment caught on TV. 
Junior Soprano and Charlie Sheen
I feel like you'll pretty much always see celebrities and pro athletes somewhere around those seats because they're damn near the only folks who can afford those tickets. I haven't really been following the world series but I saw Chris Chelios and Brett Hull on the broadcast in similar seats at Wrigley the other day.
I have pop pop in the bleachers 
NO TOUCHING
I just blue myself
Why could Bateman possibly by listening too right now
There's always money in the banana stand 
great game
Please watch Tambor in Transparent. it's the best show on TV by far. Absolute brilliant and hilarious performance from Jeff Tambor. It might be the most true human struggle ever filmed. heartbreaking and hilarious. Not to mention ensemble cast. Can't recommend enough.
The money is in the banana stand. 
This would have been even better if it had been a dodgers/giants game
I'm picther or I'm no one
They showed them on the big screen in between innings
BEES?!! .. BEADS?!
That makes me happy... Still doesn't have time for Gob's magic tricks!
Gérard Bouchard !?
Suddenly what ?
This family has GOT to stick together!
Pop pop!
Jerry Lorenzo and his son were right next to them too
listening to the commentary with earphones is something that never occured to me.
The Bluth skybox was taken away so they settled for home plate seats. 
I have pop pop behind home plate
At first I thought it was Dennis Hopper! 
Go Cubs Go
I came for the comments and I was not disappointed 👍
I don't get it. Can someone explain please?
Are they father and son in real life too, wow, just wow 
If only it could be the Angels instead of the dodgers
A wild Bluth appeared!
trendyitems2buy.com
Him?
I've made a huge mistake
Call the police, ASAP!
Pop-pop gets a foul ball?
Was thinking Gob saying Michael the way he does.
Man, he owns every role he’s ever played. Until I saw Jason Bateman I thought of Maura.
This low key made my day.
There's always money in the banana stand
What's Oscar and Michael doing there? 
[removed]
I'll bet it took them a long time to get back to the OC. 
There's always money in the banana stand Michael
Hey now
My name is Oscar dot com.
I thought I saw Jason Bateman down the first baseline during the NLDS but I wasn't sure and the camera wasn't panning in that direction often enough. This is good enough confirmation for me.
Who's the guy on the right?
I bet even they thought that call in the 8th inning was bullshit 
You caught someone bringing in outside food/drink? I see that dasani.
No touching!!!
was there a frozen banana stand at the game?
Hank Kingsley and Teen Wolf Two. Cute couple.
Giant heads little bodies...like all.actors 
It’s just manager. 
If only that net was “transparent”
Looks like Jeffrey Tambor on the left.
Who are these people supposed to be?
Now kiss
???
Mommy horny Michael
Celebrities at a game in LA. Crazy. 
Accidentally broke my roommate's Gob glass... But it landed hilariously.

What happened, you tossed it to George Michael?
Lupe!
You think the guy with the $3,000 suit is going to clean up this broken glass, COME ON!
Have you ever even seen a glass you piece of shit? 
You’ve made a huge mistake.
You've ruined the act, HodorsGiantDick.
Well I’m not going to beat myself up over that. 
Hello darkness my old friend...
It’s one glass. How much could it cost, $10?
You broke you roommate's glass?!?  YOU'RE A MONSTER!!!!
You taste these tears! You taste my sad, Michael.
What is your return policy, by the way?
Yeah, like I’ve ever admitted to a mistake...
You’re still doin that buddy? 
Let your roommate see the glass, then force a forget-me-now down their throat. Problem solved.
New glassware rule... NO TOUCHING!
I don't care for GOB.
YOU PLOPPED IT
Man, what a geo bead. 
Missed opportunity to call it a Goblet. 

(Pronounced however your heart desires)
Same!
Where did he get if from I need one!!! 
And I’m not afraid to make mistakes, or have you forgotten about this little {glass breaks} DAMNIT!


[Don't be afraid to make mistakes.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/arresteddevelopment/images/4/41/2x03_Mistake_poster_%282%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20120105075519)
ITT: Choose your favorite Gob quote and have it vaguely make sense here.
Glasses on, hair down...have we tried that yet?
Welp, looks like it's time for my yearly re-watch.
I mean, come on!
And I'm not afraid to make mistakes Michael, or have you forgotten about this little..... damnit!!
And I'm not afraid to make mistakes. Or have you forgotten this little- Damn it!
I have to think the Alliance is gonna frown on this.
Your roommates friend comes in trips and falls with his hand landing directly on the glass. Suddenly blood comes out and the hand falls off. After you scream for 5 minutes, your roommate comes in and says, "and that's why you don't drop glasses."
Slip him a forget-me-now until you replace it?  
r/untrustworthypoptarts
I’ve made a huge mistake...
I'm pretty sure its not broken
 Look at the back of it

r/accidentalcomedy
You mean your ex-roommate 
You've made a huge mistake

You're such a geo-bead.
Print the photo, frame it, give it back to him as a present - Win. 
Get a nice print of this photo made and frame it for them as an apology.
We were really thirsty
Can’t wait for this to be reposted on r/karmaconspiracy 
I don't think you're going to win the motherfucking roommate of the motherfucking year for this...
What are those black "plastic" brooken pieces mixed up with a glass?
Tobias you blowhard!
I really want to get this for my brother.  I just googled it and couldn’t find it anywhere.  Do you have a link please?
I LOVE GOB
Oh the roommate with the $1,000 glass, COME ON
"I've made a huge mistake"
Harvey Specter?
/r/untrustworthypoptarts 
I expect the broken glass to sit there and become part of the backdrop for the final ~~3~~ ~~4~~ 5 seasons.
“Damn robot hand.”

 Narrator: At first Buster was worried Lucile would be upset and breaking another glass. But then he saw whose face was on it.
6 thousand dollars pants
How are you gonna break the $2500 glass
Anyone thinks it looks like Dave Rubin. 
You'll hear him calling out in the night
That happened. 
Well I’m not gonna beat myself up about it.
You've ruined the act, Gob
That pic almost makes it worth while....but come on!
It looks like you GOB’d that glass.
Well, I don't want to blame it all on 911
Who broke it?
I guess we'll 'never' know
Lol reminds me of the “not afraid to make a mistake” poster Gob put up and later broke
[deleted]
I don't believe this post is genuine, and I'm aware of r/nothingeverhappens .
Yeah I’m sure it landed just like that
Haters gonna say it's fake
Staged.

Edit:

Read on!

OP deletes and edits every comment... the dude is lying.
This post is an ad...
[removed]
My husband and my lame self went to recreational dispensary for the first time, they asked if we wanted "flowers or wax"

"I don't understand the question and I won't respond to it."
Whoa, whoa, whoa. There's still plenty of marijuana on that stem. Now you take this home, throw it in a pipe, add some wax, an edible...Baby, you've got a stew going.
'One marijuana please'
it is weird that first time, smoking for years before legalization it was like "am i really going into a weed grocery store right now?" was not prepared for all the options
Fuck. Ill be visiting colorado in on monday next week. I hardly smoke weed now but this mini vacation is gonna be my get fucking high time. I have no idea what you are talking about, i juat want to smoke weed and eat cheetos
"Big Yellow Joint, Big Yellow Joint.. "
I know you are making the jokes here, but I've really been enjoying toking off of these vape cartridges filled with honey oil. They are basically two full weeks of being really epicly stoned in a tiny little container.
 You taught me a lesson about not teaching lessons?

.....That was my last lesson.


Ask them if they'll stick it in your brownie
As a non drug person I don't understand this
Say what you want about America, $13 can still get you a hell of a lot of flowers and wax!
I just hope the two of you got out there and made a mistake.
It’s not legal where I live but last week I smoked some shit and for whatever reason I had never felt a body high before so when I hit it the first couple times and I wasn’t getting much of a head high I kept hitting it.

Holy fucking balls was I high as fuck. Felt like my body was a pillow of jello.
It may just be a few stems and sticks, but-.  
Get that the hell out of our house!
make sure you ask for the afternoone deelite!
I'll take one marijuana please
Thanks for all the upvotes you guys! You really made mine and my husband's night sitting here reading the comments. You guys are awesome, I hope you all have a great week my friends.
That was exactly my reaction when I first went to a dispensary this summer. 
I have given up on dispensary weed.  I'm in Seattle, so I was all about it at first.  They sell you shit like "MEGATON BOMB" and say shit like "this Hybrid is 40%!  It will make you see new colors".  I have Supraventricular tachycardia, and when I smoke dispensary weed, I feel like I'm going to die.  I'll stick to the weed mama grows outside.  BYUP!
Take out the stems, break up a couple buds, and baby you got a bowl goin
[deleted]
It's cold out here
I’ll meet you at the big yellow joint.
Remember these words only... Prerolled cone in grams. Have the bud tender pick out four different varieties and label each with its effects. Two of each of the varieties will keep you high for weeks. If you want to be high for a week, get one gram of each variety.
You can just ask for a joint tho lol
The answer is both or get one of them triple infused with Kief, wax, oil, and flower to make it smoke good![8]
You definitely want the flowers, and a little bit of them to start with... If it's your first time that is.
"Primo bud. Real sticky weed"
That's why I always get the bom boms
I love shatter and wax ever since switching to a dab rig, you gotta give it a shot. People say your tolerance goes up, but in my experience I can't oversmoke this stuff, it's nap time if I go too far past a certain threshold. Have fun!
So, this may not be the perfect place to ask but I'm wine drunk so here goes. There is a dispensary that I've been to once down the road from me and from what I see in passing on my way to work, it looks like they have a new gate keeper that I assume takes names for a waiting list. I get nervous when thinking about going there again and I would like to know, how do I approach this situation without sounding like an idiot?
"I almost died buying weed."
"Why, was the 7Eleven on fire?"
The big yellow joint I'll meet you down at the big yellow joint
EILI5?
That doesn't sound like the boy.
http://www.420marijuanaherbshop.com/
To ask "flowers or wax" seems strange to me. If they were going to ask that kind of question, then wax wouldn't be a normal alternative option. Flowers or edibles would be much more likely. Granted, some dispensaries can't sell edibles, due to local regulations. 
How i hate the slang they use in those places. The worst is im in a state that only allows medical and i hate seeing some kid sell a 90 year old women a pot browny that would knock a grown man out. Its not even like medical cards are hard to get just make it all legal. The whole medical thing while im all for it leads to some silly shit.
[deleted]
Mitchell Hurwitz be like ...

Season four is getting anustart. 
Season four remix premiering on Cinco de cuatro!!
Season 4 was definitely better on a rewatch then my initial, admittedly impossibly over-expectant experience.

But there's no denying, those first 3 seasons are just some of the best television ever written.
That’s not season 4. It’s...

GENE PARMESAN
Great OC
The worst AD season is like the worst Beatles album: still really, really brilliant, just not *as good* as the other stuff. 
Seasons 1-3 you have these misfits who are kind of jerks, but still funny and you can’t help but like them most the time. 

Season 4 they turn into straight sociopathic awful human beings. While it’s funny I really felt disconnected from every single character. 
He said something like he wanted people to be able to choose an episode, and go to to that characters perspective.

That just isn’t how people absorb Netflix shows, props to him for trying something new though. 
I think they are remixing to add elements to foreshadow season 5. Definitely, be on the lookout. 
Season 4 felt strange to me because everyone looked much older and that was jarring.
Mitch is one of the (if not the most) talented comedic writers in modern history. Personally I'm happy to watch and enjoy what he produces without feeling the need to point out how - to my largely uneducated opinion - and where he failed.
Season 4 felt like they couldn't get all the characters in for a shoot, so they had to go around and shoot whenever each one was free from other constraints. I like AD, but the characters are weak by themselves rather than working off each other. S4 wasn't that great. 
[SHOOT ME!!! ](https://i.imgur.com/9W306jf.png) 
I still haven't finished season 4. I love the first 3 but watching 4 just disappointed me every time.
My favourite season is season 4. And I find it very silly that people want an “in order” version. It’s shown like that so it’s harder to follow and makes the jokes you catch worth so much more
I'm out of the loop I guess with the fandom. Is season 4 not liked? 

I love how several jokes take multiple viewings to fully get. I like how the whole picture isn't there until you view it all. 
I enjoyed season 4 when it came out.  But rewatching it recently I just don't care for the direction.  Mostly the stuff between Michael and George Michael.  The rest of the characters/stories I still enjoyed.  And overall, it was still funny.
I actually really love the fourth season, and I would say I find myself laughing at and repeating the jokes as much as any other season. But there was a little bit of dark turn that it takes. Part of it is just the fact that the cast interacts so little with one another, and the direction/editing necessary to pull that off is jarring. But another part of it is that the show lost a bit of its whimsical aura as it tried to weave together a 15 episode arc. Look at the other seasons, almost none of the arcs last for more than a few episodes (Marta seems like the longest one, I think). 

The show went for a more deviant turn, and it was for the better in constructing an interesting and meaningful narrative. But between the jokes, you can't help but feel depressed. Try watching the GOB episodes especially. They're as funny as anything the show has ever done, and has some truly great character development...but, whew, is it rough to process. The very concept of a "roofie circle" is as disturbing as it is hilarious and absurd.
F U. Season 4 is amazing. 
1st watch of season 4, didnt like it. 

2nd watch of season 4, [tres magnifique](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/875/422/11f.gif)
Took me 5 attempts to make it through season 4 and yes, i rewatched seasons 1-3 before each time. After finally making it through, i still didn't care for it. The Michael and George Michael one was almost painful to watch. Just felt so different than the original show.

Really curious about the remixed season 4 on friday though. Already rewatching 1-3 again.
I like fall best
see also: Community
S4 was my fave.
So well written, so many hooks from other episodes going on at once.
I honestly thought it was brilliant.
The fourth of anything blows.  Fourth season of AD, fourth season of Community, fourth Indiana Jones movie, my little brother Howard...

...Seriously, fuck you Howard.
What was up with season 4? It's like it have every character an origin story , I feel like all those character episodes could've been done in like a couple epi
I think I now need to go rewatch season 4. For some reason I don't remember it being that bad. 
I just hope Buster will still be all right
Wait....I can only upvote this once...?
Idk if I love season 4 or not, all I know is that words “getaway getaway you’re hopelessly hopeless” have been stuck in my head ever since I saw season 4.
I hope the end of this season is the end of the whole show and it gets wrapped up nicely. If it doesn’t, I hope it sets up a movie, and then the movie ends it. But this show can’t just keep coming back every five years. 
THANK YOU I HATED SEASON 4
The fourth is mayne my favorite season. Its realllly great and i feel like doesnt deserve the hate it gets...
Lucille is my grandmother. Jane always drinks and always has something smart to say...the more she drinks the worse it gets 
Ootl pls
I’m scrolling through all and see this post without reading the subreddit and think to myself “wtf are you talking about season 4 has been so much fun and epic has added so many new features and improvements!” I guess I spend too much time on /r/fortnitebr
Recut on Friday!! 
Bet the money is better eh?

I always wonder what season I should watch to get them more money and continue.  I assume it's 4.

Also, when GM blasts Michael in the face....it was pretty good.
Anyone else hit that?
Same thing I say about community
Fortnite joke?

Her?
[Season 4 after being cut up and sewn back together.](https://media.giphy.com/media/rej07KlIYlax2/giphy.gif)
r/RWBY
The whole focus on one character per episode was a total fail for me. I watched the prior seasons over and over but I can’t even watch season 4 a second time. 
You guys have convinced me to rewatch season four 
I prefer Season 4 to Season 3, which feels rushed and kind of over the top. But it took a few rewatches to get to that point.
Season 4 was terrible... the remix is slightly better but it's still terrible. I don't understand how so many fans of the show can give it a pass?

AD is one of my all time favourite shows but man is season 4 a huge stinker. 
Season 4 is very smart. I don't mean that people that don't like it are dumb, it's just that there were jokes from episode one whose punchlines don't even occur until the end of the season. It's not just throwbacks, literally jokes punchlines span episodes. It fits together brilliantly, and each rewatch gets better. You have to track so many things to even keep the narrative together....

But maybe the smartest season yet wasn't the best move for a show that got canned for being too smart. 
I still haven’t watched all of season 4, just the first couple episodes. Will the new season 4 replace the old one or will they both be available to watch?
I don't think a remixed s4 will work from your traditional 3 act structure because despite the episodes being all about single characters, they have a definite arc to each episode.

Now take apart the episodes and you get a bunch of stuff where a joke like the license plate will be ruined too early, if you put every event in s4 in chronological order. And the episodes will all feel like they're just ratcheting up the dramatic tension for the finale, kind of like how with 24, you simply can't watch an episode and be satisfied... You literally must see the whole season to get the emotional release... Its season long blue balls, essentially.
Season 4 > Season 3

Change my mind.
God damn it, Arrested development came back from the grave but all most of you can think of is that that stick way up your ass. Im fucking glad theyre back ;)
[deleted]
It’s the worst season. Good for some shows but not for the best show of all time
I got absolutely blasted yesterday for posting this same opinion in another thread. I think my comment was only seen by exactly the 9 people who loved season 4 because thats where my downvote count currently sits on that comment.
I still haven't finished season 4. Way too many flashbacks. 
Why the hate for 4? It was better than 3.
fe
