META: Today's sedition at the United States Capitol is something unprecedented in American history
Given the unprecedented events today and my contributions about the history of American elections on the forum over the last year, I've been asked by the mods here at /r/AskHistorians to write a little bit about how today's events might be viewed in the context of American history.  This is an unusual thread for unusual times, and I would ask for the understanding of those who might be inclined to immediately respond as if it were a normal Reddit political thread.  It isn't.

It's a real doozy, though, ain't it; I don't think any of us would have ever expected to see our fellow citizens nowadays storming Congress, disrupting the electoral process and carrying off rostrums.  But it's happened, and what I'll say to start is something simple: on the Federal level, this is indeed unprecedented.  Oh, you can certainly talk about the Civil War as an entirely different level of sedition, and varying attempts to suppress the franchise have been a constant theme from the beginnings of the Republic.  But this is the first time that the United States has not negotiated the transfer of power peacefully during a Presidential transition, and it's worth reviewing how it dodged the bullets in the past.

After the Election of 1800, Jefferson himself feared that the lame duck Federalist Congress would attempt to use the accidental deadlock in the Electoral College between him and Aaron Burr as justification to place one of their own as Acting President for the remainder of 1801 until the convening of the new Democratic Republican-controlled House in December.  There is evidence that he and others working on his behalf - namely the Democratic-Republican Governors of Virginia and Pennsylvania - would have called out the militia to storm Washington to prevent this.  Fortunately, thanks to Federalist James Bayard of Delaware, this did not come to pass as Jefferson won the runoff, and the first peaceful transition of power in the United States resulted.

In 1876, the successful efforts by Republicans to shift 20 electoral votes from Democratic nominee Samuel Tilden to Republican nominee Rutherford Hayes during recounts in South Carolina, Florida, and Louisiana produced threats of violence as well.  [George McClellan actively attempted to gain support in raising a militia to install Tilden, and in response to perceived threats of violence by him and others, then-President Grant reactivated Civil War forts surrounding Washington.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gppet5/after_the_us_elections_of_1876_i_understand_that/frp4dph/)  Fortunately, for reasons we are still unsure of, Tilden was lukewarm about the prospect, spent the first month writing legal briefs on the illegitimacy of the Hayes recount rather than politicking, and with numerous Southern Democrats already having reached a deal with Hayes' operatives to remove Federal troops from the South if he were to be elected, ultimately decided that he probably could not win even in the Democratic-controlled House and chose not to contest the election.  Again, a peaceful transition of power resulted.

This has not, however, been the case for large parts of American history on the state level.

In 1838, a gubernatorial election in Pennsylvania led to what has been called the "Buckshot War."  A gubernatorial election had ousted the incumbent Whig/Anti-Masonist by a slim margin of 5000 votes, both Democrats and Whigs claimed voter fraud (which both likely committed), and because of the resulting fights over who had won the state House elections in the districts that were disputed never resolved, two separate bodies claiming be the lawful Pennsylvania House of Representatives - one controlled by Whigs, the other Democrats - were formed.  This produced an interesting scene at the State House when, "...before they began their separate deliberations, both groups attempted to occupy the physical building in which the official Pennsylvania House of Representatives was to meet, with some pushing and shoving as their two different speakers simultaneously took to the podium."

Since both the state House and Senate were required to vote to declare the lawful winner, and the Senate was controlled by their party, Whigs had a path to retaining their governor if they managed to hold on to the House.  This led to a declaration by the Whig Secretary of State of Pennsylvania, Thomas Burrowes, that even for the times was remarkable: not only would he disallow the Democratic returns that were in dispute, but that members of his party should behave "as if we had not been defeated" since "an honest count would put (their candidate) ahead by 10,000 votes."  One historian has described this as "a coup d'etat."

This was made worse by the incumbent governor calling out the state militia, ostensibly to keep the peace but in reality to attempt to shut Democrats out.  Fortunately, state militia commander General Robert Patterson told the Governor directly that he would protect lives and property but under no terms would intervene in the conflict, "“If ordered to clear the Capitol and install in the chair either or both of the Speakers, (I) would not do it.” Likewise, “if ordered to fire upon those [the Whigs] chose to call rebels, (I) would not do it [either].”  (His orders for his troops to arm themselves with buckshot gave the dispute its name.)  Frustrated, the Governor sent the militia home, requested federal troops, and received the following response from President Van Buren: "To interfere in [this] commotion,” which “grows out of a political contest,” would have “dangerous consequences to our republican institutions."

Ultimately, the conflict ended with three Whigs defecting and providing the Democratic side of the house a quorum to certify the election of the disputed Democrats and the Democratic governor, but the potential for bloodshed was very much real; in fact, while plotting with Burrowes for Whig control of both houses so he might gain election to the US Senate (this was in the days of legislatures electing Senators), Thaddeus Stevens was the subject of an assassination plot that resulted in both men escaping from a basement window in bare possession of their lives.

I don't have time currently to detail it all, but this was a pattern that repeated elsewhere many times during the 19th century.  Bashford against Barstow in Wisconsin in 1856 nearly got another militia battle, Bleeding Kansas and the bloody Lecompton pro-slave legislature in 1857 onwards outright previewed the Civil War, and Kentucky in 1899 had the Democratic candidate for governor outright assassinated in the midst of counting ballots.  Add in local disputes and the list gets longer; democracy has had very rough edges at times.

But I would urge you to take heart.  Even in chaos, today's United States is still not 1872 Louisiana, where something like 100 African Americans were brutally murdered at Colfax following a dispute over a gubernatorial election.  Nor is it 1876 South Carolina, where perhaps 150 were killed in pre-election violence where both Democrats and Republicans attempted to rig the election by shooting at each other.

Maybe it won't end up doing so at the Capitol, but Congress will convene, the election will be concluded, and the will of the people recognized.  We will learn and grow from it, move on, and create a more perfect union. 

Hang in there, folks.

Edit: A couple typos, and yes, as many have pointed Wilmington is one of those local events I was referring to that was equally as ugly as some of the ones I've mentioned on the state level.  See below for more!
Hello,

We the AskHistorians Moderators are from many backgrounds, countries, and creeds, yet we all agree the seditious and treasonous acts committed by the insurrectionists in the United States Capitol today are unprecedented and damaging to the world at large. We thank u/indyobserver for their writing of the history of unpeaceful transfers of power within the United States and hope a swift end to this one.

Our aim is to help our community understand the current events within the historical context. Several mods and flairs will be contributing further historical parallels. We also welcome users to ask further questions in this thread and will be redirecting any standalone questions on the topic here for the next day. This is a META thread, but please keep in mind our rules concerning civility, as well as in any attempts to answer those questions, as they will be enforced. As this is an ongoing event, we are being even stricter than usual with our removals of comments that are non-contributive or not insightful. 


~**The Mods.**

An Addendum to those questioning the reason for this thread and the moderation within it. On /r/AskHistorians, when there are major news events, we very often get a rash of questions relating to historical precedents for the events in question. This was also the case today, and as with many other subreddits, we would prefer to corral them all into a single thread. As such, in this thread, we expect top-level comments in this thread to be demonstrably based in a deep, solid understanding of historical events, in the manner of the usual answers on the subreddit, and we will remove others. Where top-level comments demonstrate and explain their understanding of historical events, we will allow some discussion and opinions about current events within that context.


*Please--save any money from awards you might give this post or reply. The AskHistorians community asks you to donate it to organizations fighting against white supremacy and fascism in your country or around the world.*
I'd recommend everyone take a moment on days like today where you can feel history classes of the future studying the events we watch to take time to just record some thoughts you have and your reactions as events unfold. The one thing I have learned since starting my own exploration of my ancestry is that I would love to know how my ancestors reacted to the events of their time. As an archaeologist I can tell you there is nothing quite like a first hand account, even if it is biased it still is a great glimpse into the past. But above all, be safe and let's hope further historic moments are ones we all can take pride in as an end to this turbulent chapter in our history.
Argentina endured through six different coup d’etats in the span of the twentieth century. I’ve spoken about the last military dictatorship [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/f5t8rn/how_was_state_terrorism_perpetrated_in_argentina/fi11pis/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3), a brutal dictatorship that disappeared, tortured and murdered over thirty thousand people. As soon as the democratically elected president Estela Martínez de Perón was removed from office, the military junta eliminated the National Constitution and Congress, effectively erasing every single human right and constitutional guarantee in a single, swift action.

Today however, I’d like to talk about the first coup of the century: the 1930 one. On the morning of September 6th, a group of military officers, opposition civil servants and businessmen led by general José Uriburi seized power, removing president Hipólito Yrigoyen from office four years before his term was due to be over. With Uriburu’s self-proclamation as provisional president, came a period of fraudulent presidencies that we’ve come to know as the Infamous Decade. 

Uriburu’s government was marked by an attempt to construct a corporatist State framework that would attempt to mitigate the effects of the 1930 global economic crisis, by transferring all political power and policy-making authority to corporations favourable to the ruling oligarchical class, to which Uriburu answered. Their aim? To restore said ruling class to its former glory, to the final decades of the nineteenth century, when the oligarchy led the country by means of electoral fraud, voter suppression and intimidation, in a period known as the 80s Generation. Following the profoundly positivistic and social darwinistic ideological structure of the 80s Generation, the new oligarchy believed firmly in controlling the population through fear and repression, in order to restore what they understood to be the primary bedrock of “order and progress”: a profoundly strict and suffocating social hierarchy through which the popular masses would exist under a constant state of subalternity, ignorance and illiteracy, allowing the ruling elite, the proverbial chosen ones, only people righteous and rational enough to rule, to enrich themselves while commanding every aspect of the political and economical structure of the country. And so, Uriburu started rounding up militants and affiliated members of the Civic Radical Union, Yrigoyen’s party, and incarcerating them, attempting to change the Constitution in the process in order to eliminate the individual, secret and universal suffrage instituted by Law 8871 of 1912, also known as Law Sáenz Peña, and replace it with an electoral system controlled by corporations. However, his corporatist attempt failed, and the economic crisis worsened to the point where he was forced to resign in 1932, even after having suppressed and cancelled several provincial elections.

Even if the corporatist project had failed miserably, the oligarchy hadn’t given up. All through Uriburu’s de facto presidency, they had prepared a new alliance of right wing parties (including a dissenting faction of Yrigoyen’s Radical Civic Union called the Anti-personalist Radical Civic Union), called La Concordancia, The Concordance. Through the following decade, the Concordance ruled the country through fraud and voter suppression, bankrupting Argentina in the process of enriching themselves. Arguably the most notable example of this was the Roca-Runcimann pact, signed during Agustín Justo’s de facto presidency. The treaty secured a minimum export quota of three hundred and ninety thousand tons of frozen meat to the United Kingdom, in exchange for 85% of said meat to be exclusively processed in British-owned frigorifics installed in different parts of Argentina, and also in exchange of Argentina committing to only buying the entirety of its coal requirements directly from Britain. As a result, Argentina developed a long lasting dependency relationship with the UK, which impacted heavily on the country’s ability to industrialize and advance technologically in one of its main productive sectors, husbandry.

I could go on forever about the Infamous Decade, but I’d like to point out one more thing. During the de facto presidency of Robert Ortiz, who ruled from 1938 to 1940, a secret law was issued, Circular N°11, which stated that Argentine consuls ought to

>negar la visa aún a título de turista o pasajero de tránsito a toda persona que fundadamente se considere que abandona o ha abandonado su país de origen como indeseable o expulsado, cualquiera sea el motivo de su expulsión.

Meaning

>deny visas, even if asked for under tourism or passenger in transit to any and all persons who can be considered to have abandoned their country of origin after having been branded as an undesirable or expelled, whichever the reason for said branding.

Gee, I seem to remember a certain country that in 1938 was very much into branding certain ethnicities as undesirables, many of whom tried their very best to escape and seek refuge in other, more tolerant countries. But alas, the Infamous Decade was as ideologically fascist as the Nazis. They just didn’t get the chance to enact a genocide on any people. Lucky me I guess, my native ancestors probably wouldn’t have been able to survive *two* genocides in one generation. My Jewish ancestors barely survived their genocides. Anyhow.

Interestingly enough, the Infamous Decade was ended abruptly by yet another coup, which deposed de facto president Ramón Castillo and instituted a provisional military government led first by Pedro Ramírez (1943-1944) and then by Edelmiro Farrell (1944-1946). Farrell called for elections to be organized in 1945, the first free, democratic elections since Yrigoyen won in 1928. And along came president Juan Domingo Perón, who had been part of the military coup of 43, and had worked as Secretary of Labour and Social Security, Minister of War and Vice President under Farrell.

Perón was overthrown in 1955, three years before his second presidential term was over. And so another dictatorship came along, which lasted until 1958. And then, democratically elect Frondizi was removed by yet another military coup, led by a civilian this time, José María Guido, in 1962. That one lasted a whole year! And then, barely three years later, yet another democratically elected president, Arturo Illia, was also removed by yet another coup. These officers called themselves the Argentine Revolution, and they created a Statute that was positioned alongside the Constitution in hierarchical legal terms, but in reality effectively replaced the Constitution for all intents and purposes. During this period, the three de facto presidents, Onganía, Levingston and Lanusse, did their very best to erase Perón’s Justicialist Party from the face of the country, persecuting, arresting, torturing and forcing into exile any and all sympathizers of the movement. And yet, this dictatorship was also over eventually. Their authoritarianism became too much for the country to stand. Amidst several armed insurrections by peronist armed organizations, the military was forced to call for elections, in which Héctor Cámpora, a long time ally of Perón, won the presidency. Cámpora then stepped down after his inauguration, calling for new elections in which Perón, newly returned from his exile in Spain, was elected president for a third time, with his third wife, Estela Martínez de Perón, as his Vice President.

And we come full circle. Perón died soon after, in 1974, and his Vice President succeeded him. With a politically neophyte president, perceived as weak and lacking enough charisma to garner the level of support her husband had had, the military and the ruling oligarchy saw yet another opportunity to seize power. See the pattern yet? And so, on March 24th, 1976, Jorge Rafael Videla communicated to the country that the armed forces were now in control of the government. And they remained in control until popular unrest and economic debacle forced them to call for elections in 1983.

So here we are. I was born after democracy had already been restored, but my family lived through it, and survived. My grandfather was kidnapped, tortured and held prisoner by the military in 1977. He bore the marks of the torture by electrocution they inflicted on his body until his death a few weeks ago, and I tell his story with pride. My country lived through more turmoil in less than a century than others live in several generations. And we have survived all of it. We are still standing. 

Are there those who would deny the crimes of the dictatorships? Of course. As a historian I face them every day, even here, each and every time I speak about these issues I get attacked by those who would downplay, justify and deny the atrocities committed by de facto governments. But I will continue to share these historical events, because it is my duty to every one of you, and every one of mine. 

Where there is power, there is resistance.
To all the residents of the District of Columbia and surrounding states, please stay safe tonight.
I take no credit for the below and am just posting for of /u/commiespaceinvader who worked on this but had to go to sleep. **Please don't gild me! Gild him!**

Fascism is by its nature, by its design a violent movement and so it is no stranger to both coups and other attempts to take political power and political space by violence. Indeed, violence and its public display is an essential ideological feature of fascism as a political ideology.

Unlike the advocates of liberal democracy, it is not reason or modernization, which drives forward and unlike communists, it is not material relationships. For the Fascist the engine of history is conflict, whether between nations, peoples or races. History is a constant struggle in which a community of mythical qualities needs to assert itself in order to gain dominance over others. Dominance is the core goal and must be asserted. And only if the right and rightful people dominate will a golden age begin.

The political utopia of the Fascist differs greatly from liberal or communist visions of utopia: Both of the latter are built on a vision of a utopian future that needs to be built and achieved. The Fascist on the other hand looks to the past for its utopia since most fantasies of dominance are historically justified. Whether it is the return to the Roman Empire or the mythical Lebensraum of German kings, all Fascist utopian visions are built upon a return to a hazy, mythological past in which the world was right. And such a return must by necessity be a violent one, one that engages in the eternal conflict with the supposedly sinister forces that have lead to the lapse and prevent a return.

According to scholar of fascism, Robert Paxton, it is not an ideology like others but understands itself as a political practice more than anything else:

> In a way unlike the classical "isms", the rightness of fascism does not depend on the truth of any proposition advanced in its name. Fascism is "true" insofar as it helps fulfill the destiny of a chosen race or people or blood, locked with other peoples in a Darwinian struggle, and not in the light of some abstract universal reason. (...) The truth was whatever permitted the new fascist man (and woman) to dominate others, and whatever made the chosen people triumph.

> Fascism rested not upon the truth of its doctrine but upon the leader's mystical union with historic destiny of his people. (...) The fascist leader wanted to bring his people into a higher realm of politics that they would experience sensually: the warmth of belonging to a race now fully aware of its identity, historic destiny, and power; the excitement of participating in a vast collective enterprise; the gratification of submerging oneself in a wave of shared feelings, and of sacrificing one's petty concerns for the group's good; and the thrill of domination. Fascism deliberate replacement of reasoned debate with immediate sensual experience transformed politics, as the exiled cultural critic Walter Benjamin was first to point, into aesthetics. And the ultimate fascist aesthetic experience, Benjamin warned in 1936, was war.

> Fascist leaders made no secret of having no program. (...) Fascism radical instrumentalization of truth explains why fascists never bothered to write any casuistical literature when they changed their program as they did often and without compunction. Stalin was forever writing to prove that his policies accorded somehow with the principles of Marx and Lenin; Hitler and Mussolini never bothered with any such theoretical justification.
In the same vein, Paxton goes on to define Fascism as

> a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline, humiliation, or victim-hood and by compensatory cults of unity, energy, and purity, in which a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants, working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites, abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion.

As such, fascists have always resorted to the use of political violence, including the forceful overthrow of democracies and coup attempts. The Nazis for example were very good at instrumentalizing violence: Instigating street fights with communists as well as with Berlin police in the 1920s for example as a way to demonstrate that they were the most effective force in battling those perceived as the enemy while portraying the democratic state, its government and institutions as weak. 

Such displays that both showed the force and strength of a fascist movement – show what they could do and inflict upon the system virtually without impunity was a classical and essential strategy in their rise to power for it portrayed them as strong, established them as a force to be afraid of and portrayed the democracitcinstill terror and fear in their opponents and in the middle class.

However, something akin to what we have seen and continually see today means even more. Above Paxton mentions Benjamin and war as the ultimate aestehtic experience of fascism. By aesthetics Benajmin means to describe how politics is transformed into something resembling art, often putting immediate sensual experience over concrete content. Like viewing a Rembrandt or a Caravaggio, what is actually depicted becomes secondary over the experience of the beauty with which the motif is depicted.
Fascist politics share this trait by placing a larger emphasis on the ritual – masses, marches, book burnings, collective gatherings – rather than what is actually transported politically. For Nazis, it was not so much what Hitler said at some speech, it was how he said it – how he spoke, gesticulated, screamed – and how they experienced it – as part of a large crowd in a stadium, all acting in unison when screaming "Heil", wearing similar uniforms, marching in order etc. It is the experience of becoming part of a mass acting in a unified will; a community led by a single purpose; an intense feeling of belonging and becoming cog in a large machine of people that acts towards the ultimate goal of whatever you imagine deliverance to be.

In essence, it is swaying people to your political side not by argument or reason but giving them the intensive, almost lustful, experience of being part of something greater, a movement that will solve whatever ails them, of history, so to speak. And this is achieved through ritual, staging, and performance. Fascist mass politics do not rely on content or arguments but on this very performance and war – according to Benjamin – is portrayed and staged as the ultimate experience of all the above described feelings.

By displays of violence, Fascism seeks to transform politics from the – admittedly often skewed – exchange of ideas into an aesthetic experience itself: Aesthetic violence is the end point of fascist politics, not just its tool.

In order to understand what we have seen and continue to see today, it is imperative to understand that violence such as this is designed to serve Fascism in several ways: It disrupts democratic process and literally prevents the system from functioning; it helps portray the democratic state as ineffective and weak; it is designed to instill fear and terror in the hearts and minds of political opponents and the general populace; and it serves the deeply ingrained ideological need of fascists to engage in aesthe	ticized violence with such violence being designed to further fantasies of civil war, civic breakdown and – as Adolf Hitler wished it in 1945 – a Ragnarök like event of the world burning. This is what events like those today are designed for.

Lastly I’ll leave you with what Robert Paxton writes about Fascism and America:

> The United States itself has never been exempt from fascism. (...) Much more dangerous [than movements like the American Nazi Party, which utilize already established tenants and creeds from Europe] are movements that employ authentically American themes in ways that resemble fascism functionally. The Klan revived in the 1920s, took on virulent anti-Semitism, and spread to the cities of the Middle West. In the 1930s, Father Charles E. Coughlin gathered a radio audience estimated at forty million around anti-communist, anti-Wall Street, pro-soft money, and – after 1938 – anti-Semtic message broadcast from his church in the outskirts of Detroit. (...) Today a "politics of resentment" rooted in authentic American piety and nativism sometimes leads to violence against some of the very same "internal enemies" once targeted by the Nazis, such as homosexuals and defenders of abortion rights.

> Of course the United States would have to suffer catastrophic setbacks and polarization for these fringe groups to find powerful allies and enter the mainstream. I half expected to see emergence after 1968 a movement of national reunification, regeneration, and purification directed against hirsute antiwar protesters, black radicals, and "degenerate" artists. I thought that some of the Vietnam veterans might form analogs to the Freikorps of 1919 Germany and Itlaian Arditi, and attack youths whose demonstrations on the steps of the Pentagon had "stabbed them in the back". Fortunately, I was wrong (so far). (...)

> The language and symbols of an authentic American fascism would, of course, have little to do with the original European models. They would have to be familiar and reassuring to loyal Americans as the language and symbols of the original fascism were familiar and reassuring to many Italians and Germans. (...) No swastikas in an American fascism, but Stars and Stripes (or Stars and Bars) and Christian corsses. No fascist salute, but mass recitation of the pledge of allegiance. These symbols contain no whiff of fascism in themselves, of course, but an American fascism would transform them into obligatory litmus tests for detecting the internal enemy."
To help provide context around the usurping of power and seditious acts, we can look to history to articulate a framework with which to evaluate contemporary situations and extrapolate comparisons. The circumstances leading to the attempted sedition today in Washington, D.C. beckons to an event that happened decades prior among the Oglala Sioux Tribe on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation located in the state of South Dakota.

In the little town of Wounded Knee, located on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, there was political takeover of the Tribal government by a man named Richard “Dick” Wilson. After a fraudulent election in 1972 in where he likely received aid from the United States federal government, he established a regime ripe with nepotism that oppressed inhabitants of the reservation. It was under this context that the Siege of Wounded Knee, later occurring 1973, would occur. But to understand how we would eventually end up with a modern-day siege of a town on an Indian reservation, we must examine what happened both prior to and during Wilson’s tenure.

The Pine Ridge Indian Reservation was established from the signing of the Treaty of Fort Laramie of 1868. It would later be partitioned into smaller sections in 1877, 1887, and 1889.

From 1868 to the 1960s, Pine Ridge had undergone many hardships. Lands were stripped away, rations delivered to the reservation were cut, disease thrived, job opportunities evaporated, poverty was rampant, the socio-economic disparities skyrocketed, and hopeless abounded. In 1942, during World War II, the U.S. government expropriated approximately 1/8th of the northern part of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation to use as a bombing range. They did this without the consent of the Sioux. After World War II, the land was not returned in full. This is because during the 50s/60s, uranium deposits were discovered among the same lands that had been taken. Some parts of these lands would be returned over the years, but not the full acreage. Many of the traditional Indians, those who committed to following their cultural lifestyles, started to agitate to move the federal government to return the land. However, their attempts would be rebuffed.

Because many of the traditional Indians were disenfranchised and disengaged from mainstream methods of redress, they found themselves in a weakened political position. They lacked the manpower and political power to continue the agitation and make any headway. It is from these circumstances that Richard “Dick” Wilson would come to notoriety. Dick Wilson was rather unknown Indian who descended from the Oglala. But when the agitation began among many of the Lakotas, the federal government moved to protect their interests. Wilson was installed as the chairman of the Tribe with the help of the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Once in power, Wilson began appointing his own family members to serve as heads of Tribal departments such as housing, law enforcement and members of the Tribal council. Wilson was select because of a history of prior cooperation with federal authorities as an informant and tendency to undermine Tribal sovereignty in the name of self-interest.

Not long after his “election,” the Tribe moved to impeach Wilson. Wilson then waged a campaign of intimidation and hostility to prevent his removal. Case in point: Wilson had orchestrated his own impeachment trial in where he presided over it and was subsequently acquitted of any crimes.

In the aftermath of his impeachment trial, Wilson began banning all perceived acts of dissent. Groups larger than 3 people were made illegal. He established his own GOON (Guardians of the Oglala Nation) squads to create political pressure and do his bidding. And he had full control over all legal and judicial means on the reservation. This is when the American Indian Movement (AIM) was called in. See, Wilson’s power stemmed from the creation of the Tribal government structure as articulated by the template constitutions of the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934. This system was rejected by traditionals on the reservation, but was acknowledged by the United States. Thus it was only this form of government that could act with any recognized authority.

After the Siege of Wounded Knee in 1973, Wilson continued to exercise authority as chairman of the Tribe until losing an election 1976. By this time, the United States deprioritized policing American Indian actions as AIM and other elements of the Red Power Movement had been largely neutralized nationally. Yet, Wilson continued his suppression of dissonance well into 1975, including during the Jumping Bull Complex incident in where two FBI agents were killed. This involved the continued harassment and murder of dissidents and traditionals on the reservation and more than 50 AIM members.

These kinds of political usurptions and fractures are carried out under an ideology, one of oppression, control, and manipulation. They seek to polarize segments of the population in order to weaken cohesion and resolve. As in the case of Pine Ridge and Dick Wilson, outside elements are sometimes involved and the institutions we have in place are not only undermined, but attacked and destroyed. As a historian, it is times like these that give cause for reflection on the challenges we face and it is these narratives of history that we can observe to guide our steps moving forward.

**Edit:** A word.

**Sources**

Parts of this comment can be found among previous answers I've written [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/5je4bc/in_1973_members_of_the_american_indian_movement/dbhtz6g/) and [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/7b79y8/ive_always_seen_makeshift_signs_saying_free/dpij02t/)
**EDIT** While I appreciate that people seem to like this post, please don't give me Reddit awards for it -- instead, consider donating that money to an organization that works towards peace and racial harmony in your community. If you're stuck on where to give, the [New Hanover County NAACP](https://www.nhcnaacp.org/) is a good place to start.

**CONTENT WARNING**: This post includes racial slurs (used in historical context) and descriptions of sexual violence (imagined/real/and/or racist).  

Wilmington, North Carolina, is a place that is near and dear to my heart: it's a spot where I had my first post-graduate-school job, as a night news editor and then a features editor at the _Wilmington Morning Star_, later _Star-News_ and now the 4edgy5me _StarNews_, all one word. It's a place where I found myself loved up into being an adult by the generosity and friendliness of co-workers and neighbors, and also a place where I took my car to a body shop on Nigger Head Road. (By the early 2000s, the road had been officially renamed "Negro Head," but locals used the earlier pronunciation.) 

Nigger Head Road was so named because it was a spot where the remains -- often heads, but also other body parts, including but not limited to genitalia -- of Black citizens of Wilmington and the surrounding areas were displayed by white supremacists, to terrorize Black people into submission. This is in no way extraordinary; it is bog standard Southern city policy to do this sort of thing. 

The _StarNews_ is the oldest surviving paper in North Carolina, although with a newsroom staff of about 3 now (compared with 65 or so in the early 2000s) its survival is fairly uncertain. 

It is complicit in, and its editors when I was there struggled with the legacy of, the only municipal coup d'etat in American history. 

In the 1760s/1770s, the people of Wilmington were as much a part of the revolutionary struggle as the people of Boston were, but a rather prominent American university in Cambridge, Mass. has told the tale of that time emphasizing the New Englanders' contributions. Being situated on the Cape Fear river, Wilmington is the only deepwater port in North Carolina, and became important to the Confederate government throughout the Civil War -- the capture of Ft. Fisher in January 1865 was followed by the occupation of Wilmington and the severing of the last supply lines to the traitor and enslaver Robert E. Lee's army, leading to their defeat and surrender at Appomattox Court House in April, 1865. 

In 1860, Wilmington was a majority-Black city (though the majority of the Black people there were enslaved, there was a substantial free Black population in Wilmington) that contributed to its prosperity and success when the enslaved Black population was freed after 1865. Throughout the last decades of the 19th century, Wilmington continued to be a place that welcomed newly free Black people, and even elected them to office in large numbers -- of a population of 25,000 people in 1898, about 55 percent were Black. Three of the city's 10 aldermen were Black, 10 of 28 police officers were Black, and Black men and women made up about 30 percent of the city's skilled workers. 

To quote from David Zucchino's book _Wilmington's Lie_: 

> There were black health inspectors, a black superintendent of streets, and far too many—for white sensitivities—black postmasters and magistrates. White men could be arrested by black policemen and, in some cases, were even obliged to appear before a black magistrate in court. Black merchants sold goods from stalls at the city’s public market—a rarity for a Southern town at the time. Black men delivered mail to homes at times of day when white women were unattended. They sorted mail beside white female clerks.

> A black barber served as county coroner. The county jailer was black, and the fact that he carried keys to the lockup infuriated whites. The county treasurer was a black man who distributed pay to county employees, forcing whites to accept money from black hands. In 1891, President Benjamin Harrison had appointed a black man, John C. Dancy, as federal customs collector for the port of Wilmington. Dancy had replaced a white supremacist Democrat, and he drew an astonishing federal salary—$4,000 a year, or $1,000 more than the governor earned. A white newspaper editor ridiculed Dancy as “Sambo of the Custom House.”

>Black businessmen pooled their money to form two small banks that loaned cash to blacks starting small businesses. Several black professionals ran small law firms and doctors’ offices, serving clients and patients of their own race. A black alderman from Raleigh, the capital, noted with some surprise that certain black men in Wilmington had built finely appointed homes with lace curtains, plush carpets, pianos, and even, he claimed, servants. The city’s thriving population of black professionals contradicted the white portrayal of Wilmington’s blacks as poor, ignorant, and illiterate. In fact, Wilmington’s blacks had higher literacy rates than virtually any other blacks in North Carolina, a state in which nearly a quarter of whites were illiterate.

> For whites, this was an intolerable situation. The planters, lawyers, and merchants who had dominated Wilmington since its founding in 1739 had lost control of the city during the Civil War and Reconstruction. Through terror and intimidation by the night riders of the Ku Klux Klan, white supremacists had returned to power in the 1870s. They did not intend to surrender Wilmington again.

The Black population of Wilmington also had its own media -- brothers Alexander and Frank Manly published the _Wilmington Daily Record_, the only Black daily newspaper in the state. 

Wilmington, being a port city, was always somewhat more cosmopolitan than the rest of the state, which by the 1890s was crawling with adherents to the first KKK, as well as other white supremacist groups, as well as people affected by the economic depression of 1892, who formed the Fusion Party (one of many) in North Carolina. The North Carolina "Red Shirts" were one such group; I'm sure that educated readers of this subreddit do not need me to make the comparison to the SA in pre-war Germany, but it exists.  

By the mid-1890s, the Fusion Party had elected both white and Black leaders to posts in the Carolinas, and set about dismantling gerrymandering and championing other Populist causes in the state, including tax reform. 

Democratic leaders in North Carolina found this intolerable. In 1898, Furnifold Simmons, the newly elected Democratic Party chairman, decided the party would run on an issue that would cut across party lines (rail improvements) with a strategy that would appeal statewide (racial supremacy). His platform was summed up in these terms: 

> North Carolina is a WHITE MAN'S STATE and WHITE MEN will rule it, and they will crush the party of Negro domination beneath a majority so overwhelming that no other party will ever dare to attempt to establish negro rule here. 

N.C. Democratic party leader Daniel Scheck simplified the slogan: 

> It will be the meanest, vilest, dirtiest campaign since 1876. The slogan of the Democratic party from the mountains to the sea will be but one word ... 'Nigger'!

In the fall of 1898, "White Supremacy Clubs" were established throughout the state. Many prominent, semi-prominent, and poor white Wilmingtonians joined such clubs, often through choice but often through "persuasion" by their social betters, to fight against the bi-racial city government. The "White Laborer's Union", for example, advocated for the hiring of white men to replace Black men in skilled jobs. 

And then, the white people of Wilmington decided to use the old lie of Black men's sexual appetites to inflame things further. 

Rebecca Latimer Felton, a women's suffragist, gave a speech in 1898 in which she asserted that black men raping white women was a problem that could only be solved by lynching ("a thousand times a week if necessary"). Again, this is not unusual for the time -- it's once again bog-standard white racism -- but Alexander Manly, of the aforementioned _Daily Record_, wrote an editorial in which he pointed out that many white women in fact had consensual sex with Black men. 

This was the last straw for Democratic politicians and the Red Shirt paramilitary. The white supremacists statewide became enraged, and Democratic Wilmingtonian Alfred Waddell spoke at Thalian Hall in Wilmington on October 24, saying: 

> We will never surrender to a ragged raffle of Negroes, even if we have to choke the Cape Fear River with carcasses.

(Thalian Hall is currently a lovely, restored art house cinema and community theater space.) 

After Waddell's speech in October, white supremacists from around the state traveled to a special White Supremacy Convention in Goldsboro, four days after Waddell's speech, in which he again repeated his call to violence. In ... events that parallel those of today's, the Red Shirt paramilitary left the convention and immediately started raiding the homes and businesses of Black men, women and children, intimidating them, whipping them, and in some cases killing them. 

By Nov. 1, 1898, Mike Dowling (a former fireman who had been fired on charges of repeated drunkenness) was leading parades of up to 1,000 Red Shirts through Brooklyn (the Black neighborhood of Wilmington) with intent to intimidate black voters. These became daily occurrences. 

On Nov. 7, 1868, the day before the election, Waddell spoke again at Thalian Hall, saying: 

> You are Anglo-Saxons. You are armed and prepared and you will do your duty ... Go to the polls tomorrow, and if you find the negro out voting, tell him to leave the polls and if he refuses, kill him, shoot him down in his tracks. We shall win tomorrow if we have to do it with guns. 

1/2
There have been many fantastic posts in this thread on the American historical background and parallels from modern history. I write this to add a perspective that is less directly relevant, but may be of interest: that of the oldest well-documented democracy in the world.

Ancient Athens saw its share of upheavals and political violence. Its society was riven with tension between rich and poor, citizen and migrant, city and country, old aristocracy and new money. For most of the 4th century BC - the time of Plato, Xenophon and Aristotle - the democracy was firmly established and stable, but it took a lot to get there. The long first century of democracy, 508-403 BC, saw at least 3 major attempts to overthrow the system of government.

In the Greek world, most attempts to seize power by force tended to take the same form: the seditious party would contrive an opportunity to gather in arms while their opponents were unarmed and off-guard, and seize control of all public spaces. Even invading armies would usually focus their attention on occupying market squares, temple precincts and government buildings. Why? Not only because control of these spaces meant control of the institutions, documents and ceremonies of state, but also because their occupation usually made it impossible for opponents to rally in defence. Greek states had no standing armies; if there was no advance warning, it could take hours, if not days, to assemble enough armed men to make a stand. To make things worse, there were rarely any other suitable spaces available to gather a militia or organise a crisis assembly, and the seizure of public buildings by the enemy made communication that much more difficult. An organised and armed force that controlled both the akropolis and the agora of a Greek state was effectively in control of that state.

The next move for the side staging the coup, besides assassinating prominent leaders of the opposition, was to force their way into the presiding council and dissolve the sitting bodies of government. Sometimes an intimidated assembly would be called to wave through the desired reforms. Other times the establishment of a new ruling council for day-to-day business was achieved by force.

In 411 BC, when Athenian fortunes in the Peloponnesian War were at their lowest, a conspiracy of oligarchs overthrew the democracy and established the rule of the Four Hundred. They did this through a series of disappearances and through intimidation of the Assembly, but the final installment of the Council of Four Hundred in place of the democratic Council was less subtle:

> The Four Hundred arrived, each carrying a concealed dagger, accompanied by the 120 young men they used as their enforcers. They broke in on the regularly appointed councillors meeting in the council chamber and told them to take their pay and leave.

-- Thucydides 8.69.4

On this occasion the councillors, thoroughly cowed, abandoned their seats, and Athenian democracy came briefly to an end. But a century earlier, when a faction of elite clans led by Isagoras tried to establish an oligarchy of 300, they had responded differently. 

Isagoras son of Teisandros was the chief rival of Kleisthenes, the man who introduced the reforms that established the Athenian democracy in 508 BC. Knowing that the battle for power in Athens was lost, Isagoras called on his Spartan friend, king Kleomenes (older half-brother of Leonidas) to help him strangle the new system in its crib. Kleomenes brought Spartan troops to Athens to back his coup. Again, the first to gather men in arms had the edge: Kleisthenes had to go into hiding, and Isagoras forced 700 families who supported Kleisthenes into exile. The next move was to dissolve the sitting council. Isagoras and his Spartan thugs marched on the council chamber under arms. But then something happened that some modern scholars see as the true birth of Athenian democracy:

> The Council, however, resisted him, whereupon Kleomenes and Isagoras and his partisans seized the akropolis. The rest of the Athenians united and besieged them for two days. On the third day as many of them as were Lakedaimonians left the country under truce.

-- Herodotos 5.72.2

> But the Council resisted, and the people banded together, so the forces of Kleomenes and Isagoras took refuge in the Akropolis, and the people invested it and laid siege to it for two days. On the third day they let Kleomenes and his comrades go away under a truce, and sent for Kleisthenes and the other exiles to come back.

-- Pseudo-Aristotle, *Constitution of the Athenians* 20.3

Against all expectations, the council stayed true to its new role and refused to be intimidated. Then the people rose up - some of the earliest evidence for mass mobilisation in Athenian history. Instead of bowing to the new tyrant and his foreign muscle, they banded together and drove them out. THeir behaviour in this crisis would be a point of pride for the Athenian people for generations to come:

> MEN'S CHORUS: Not even Kleomenes, the first to occupy this place, left here intact. No, for all he breathed the Spartan spirit, he left without his weapons - surrendering to me! - with only a little bitty jacket on his back, starving, filthy, unshaven, unwashed for six whole years.

> MEN'S LEADER: That's the way I laid siege to that fellow - savagely! We camped before the gates in ranks seventeen deep. And now shall I stand by and do nothing to put down the effrontery of these women, enemies of all the gods and of Euripides?

-- Aristophanes, *Lysistrata* 274-284
Remember the short film [Don’t Be a Sucker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAu41SpYtl4)? It was making rounds right after the Charlottesville “Unite the Right” rally. If not, check it out.

It was one of many anti-racism/anti-bigotry efforts made by the US government, educational institutions, and anti-discrimination organizations (such as the Anti-Defamation League and the National Coalition of Christians and Jews). In many of these programs, pamphlets, and films, bigotry was portrayed as antithetical to American democracy. People espousing hatred were un-American.

Here is the problem, if hatred was un-American, then where did it come from? In most cases during the late 1930s and 1940s, the answer was...fascism/Nazism. Go ahead and watch the 1944 film [Greater Victory](https://filmquarterly.org/2017/09/24/ten-intergroup-relations-films/) by the NCCJ. In it, two escaped Nazi POWs seek to undermine Americans in a small town. Explaining German strategy to one of their relatives, they expressed that Germany would win in the end. Even in dire circumstances for Germany of 1944, they believed in ultimate victory. Why? Because they had a secret weapon. Hatred.

One of the escaped Nazis stated, “It’s so easy. First, we \[Germany\]make them hate the Jews. Then we make them hate the Catholics. Then we make them hate the Protestants. And when they’re all so busy fighting each other, we’ll take over…It worked in Belgium, Austria, France, and it will work here.” He argued that “we Germans have spent years planting our ideas here. Race hatred, religious antagonism, class hatred.”

Most of these anti-racism texts had some sort of similar statement or message. Bigotry wasn’t American. Bigotry was Nazi.

The consequence, though not the intent, was that once Germany was defeated, the push for anti-bigotry lost its power. If the Nazis were no longer around to subvert the United States, then there was no bigotry. At least, not any of domestic origin.

Soon, conservative Americans began to see those who were speaking out about bigotry as causing the very type of racial antagonism which the Nazis had utilized. To conservatives, speaking out about bigotry, not the bigotry itself, threatened American unity and weakened the country. They, too, recognized foreign influence in this divisiveness. But they didn’t accuse fascism. Instead, they saw anti-racism efforts as Soviet subversion.

Take for example Mary Riley, a conservative Catholic woman working in the New York City Board of Education. She undermined and, ultimately, ended an intercultural education program for continued teacher training. The reason? She believed that it was sponsored by communists wishing to undermine American unity through promoting racial antagonism. She opposed the program’s statements criticizing the likes of rabid anti-semite Father Coughlin. When one member of an Advisory Committee on Human relations presented a plan of procedure to deal with an “un-American” incident involving two teachers, and likely dealing with anti-semitism, Riley called for a more “complete” definition of un-American. She argued that “class against class is as fascistic as pitting religion against religion and race against race. Hitler in Germany and left-wingers in New York City use the same technique, namely, “Divide and conquer,” for here as in Europe the Jew versus Catholic propaganda is creating a split in the population through which the anti-Americans will enter and take over.” In other words, anyone speaking out against inequality was suspect of un-American, communist (but Nazi-like) subversion of the country.

This line of thinking, that racial antagonism was foreign and communist, would become a staple of segregationist defenses. The UN Declaration of Human Rights was viewed as an attempt to stir up racial conflict in the South through enforcing the end of segregation and anti-miscegenation laws. The NAACP’s efforts to desegregate schools were linked to communism and a global (read Jewish) conspiracy.

What does all this mean?

There is going to be a lot of discussion about the insurrection against American democracy today. It signifies, among numerous other things, the power of rhetoric and language in shaping ideas and principles. As you should know, this did not occur by accident. Instead, through a systematic manipulation of rhetoric on social media, President Trump and his supporters have encouraged a viewpoint that rejects the possibility of defeat and responds through an escalation of force. This resulted, when defeats multiplied, in the perceived necessity of a violent assault on American democracy.

Words have power.With this in mind, I want to encourage you to think about the words you use in discussing this event. Particularly, the analogies you draw. Already I have heard news broadcasts stating that this type of thing is like a “Third World” country, “not America”. The already popular Yallqaeda is going to spread like wildfire throughout social media. President-elect Joe Biden just stated that this is not who Americans are.

We must push back against these symbols and statements that suggest that this type of action is not ingrained in American history and culture. Americans have long harbored and accepted undemocracy. As long as the “right people” had access to democracy. For all of American history, those on the margins have fought, and often died, for the right to participate. And along the way, many already within the system have fought them.

Throughout US history, those considered “American” have fought to keep women from individual rights, blacks from voting, Latinx from equal citizenship, and Native Americans from their land. Violence and the threat of force, judicial or extrajudicial, has always been a tool in the hands of those claiming that they, and they alone, define who “real” Americans are.Why does it matter that people use analogies comparing this event to a “third world coup attempt”? Why should we care if we call MAGA supporters Yallqaeda? Because this isn’t something we learned and it isn’t the first time Americans have used and threatened political violence.

What do we call this, then? What is it like? This is Christian Nationalism. This is domestic fascism. This is the States Rights Party. This is the KKK. This is the Confederacy.

Let’s try to avoid easy analogies that elide the long-running history of the American infatuation with violent control over the political process by vigilantism. Because if we don’t recognize that this is built into who we are as a nation, then we cannot fully commit to the difficult process that is exorcising it.

Instead, make direct analogies and comparisons to events in US history that trace the connection between the racism, misogyny, bigotry, etc. of this country’s history and the events today.

It is not for no reason that the protesters set up a gallows today.

It is not for no reason that these protesters carry Confederate flags.

It is not for no reason that they cry “America First”.

Unfortunately, this event is very much in the spirit of, ironically, those who have historically most shouted “Americanism” from the rooftops. That spirit must be smothered.

Fortunately, America also has a history of another spirit. One in which many of those already with power have come alongside those already heroically fighting for their rights. A spirit exemplified in the Civil War, in the Double V campaign, in the Civil Rights Movement, and continuing to this day.

We need to decry the part of America that sees what happened today and celebrates just as we celebrate the part of it that seeks to be better. Be more equitable. Be an America worthy of celebration rather than one demanding it.

For more on domestic fascism, American cultural memory of Nazism, and education, see this [AH Conference panel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9HqeP_OSAw&list=PLgMy8FV2sLlWLVRdxil9pEleJDu7OlQD2&index=5) ( I speak  at minutes 12:10-22:25 and then the Q&A at the end) some of my answers [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/jwibyk/in_the_1960s_texas_passed_a_law_criminalizing_the/), [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/j293fv/during_wwii_there_were_americans_who_were_both/), and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gm7pr7/why_was_it_official_us_policy_not_to_use_the_word/).
The aim of this META post is to help provide some historical perspective on coups, how they failed, how they succeeded, and help put the events on the grounds of the US Capitol Building  into a bit more historical perspective. /u/indyobserver has done a *fantastic* job kicking this off with the a chronicle of some past events in the United States, while mods and flairs are offering a variety of examples that run the gamut, some focusing on conceptual things, others more on specific examples. I have a few options I feel I could draw on, although in the end I decided I'd share an episode that perhaps doesn't have *direct* parallels, but is an exciting story of a North America country, facing distress, with foreign interference to boot.

**Background**

General Porfirio Díaz had risen to power in Mexico, and ruled continually as President since 1884. We're rating on the scale of "He's a goddamn dictator, OK?", but the early years don’t seem to have been too bad, as far as dictators go. The economy was good, and the country was stable - not a very common thing in Mexican history of the 19th century. But of course, nothing lasts forever. The growth was at the expense of the peasantry, who grew more and more upset at Díaz, and the many in the middle class resented the more and more repressive nature of the government.

Time passes, and with the 1910 “elections” coming up, Díaz implies that not only is he maybe ready to hang up his hat and retire, but that he believes Mexico is even ready to choose his successor through actual democratic elections! Francisco Madero, a vocal opponent of the Díaz regime, was undoubtedly the strongest candidate, being both an advocate of reform, but friendly to the Mexican elite whose support was essential to triumph in an election. Díaz, deciding maybe Mexico wasn’t ready to be out from under his thumb, reneged on his promise and put his name on the ballot, running for what would be his eighth term as President. When it became apparent that Madero wasn’t simply going to be a foil to give his re-election legitimacy, but rather was a candidate who might *win*, Díaz had his opponent thrown in jail during the election, and the published result of at the polls showed Díaz winning in a landslide, despite the fact that everyone knew Madero has much popular support.

Madero’s family had enough connections to quickly see him released on bail. He fled Mexico City the first chance he got, and declared himself to be the real, legitimate President of Mexico. After a brief stop in the US to arrange for support and arms, he began his campaign to topple Díaz in February, 1911. While some of the forces who flocked to his banner were loyal to him specifically (*Maderistas*), he was something of a rallying point for all types of anti-Díaz sentiment, and two of the most notable commanders to join under his umbrella were Emiliano Zapata and Pancho Villa, the former of whom was representative of much of the most radical calls for land reform coming from the Mexican peasantry. Another supporter whose name will be important later was Venustiano Carranza.

Thanks to the assistance, Díaz didn’t really stand all that much of a chance. Within only a few days of each other in May, the Maderistas and their allies made quick work of the Federales at Cuautla (led by Zapata) and Ciudad Juarez (Madero and Villa teaming up). The Treaty of Ciudad Juarez followed within days, sending Díaz into exile, and placing setting Madero up to ascend to the Presidency (there would be an interim President until the elections, which Madero was assured to win, which he did, taking office in November).

**Seeds of Revolt**

So by the end of 1911, Madero was now in power, and he proceeded to kind of make a mess of things. On the one hand, he wasn’t a *bad* leader. Compared to life under Díaz, he oversaw a pretty unprecedented level of civil freedoms in Mexico, and to his credit, he did try to be a progressive reformer. Many praised him for introducing the beginnings of democracy to Mexico. But in trying to be moderate, and gradual in his reforms he kind of wanted to please everyone, and instead he he ended up pleasing no one. The far left elements, principally the *Zapatistas*, had wanted radical changes, which Madero didn’t bring about. It didn’t help that he was still one of the wealthiest citizens in the country. They were quickly alienated and Zapata decided to continue his Revolution as before. Another ally, Pascual Orozco, also was dissatisfied and started his own revolt. 

Outside of the country, he enjoyed little love from foreign governments, most notably that of the United States. The Taft administration was generally cool towards the new Madero government, but American Ambassador to Mexico Henry Lane Wilson was especially hostile, and routinely did everything he could to portray Madero in the worst light when sending dispatches to Washington. He believed that Madero brought instability to the country, hurting American business interests, unlike the state of things under Díaz.

Now at this point Madeo made what was probably the most fatal mistake. Instead of purging the Army and putting his *Maderistas* into the key positions, he foolishly decided to trust the Army to be professional. Most of his men were demobilized and sent home. Those who wished to remain under arms could either join the *Rurales* (Gendarmerie), or a small number could be folded into the *Federales* (Federal Army). As such, in the ranks of the Army those who had joined during the Díaz era outnumbered Madero loyalists two to one, with the bloated officer corps especially of questionable loyalty. Which was, to say the least, problematic for Madero’s long term survival. While on the one hand he had lost the support of many allies for not going far enough in his reforms, much of the Army was unhappy with what he had nevertheless done!

Perhaps the most unhappy figure, as we will see, was General Victoriano Huerta. He had, at least in appearance, thrown his loyalties in with the new administration and was tasked with suppressing the Orozco revolt, only to then get in a huff and enter semi-retirement after having a falling out with Madero over the President’s refusal to reward him for his successes, leaving a great deal of mutual dislike between the two. Aside from the quietly stewing Huerta, there were two major attempts to overthrow Madero’s government, both in the previous year, one in Veracruz led by General Félix Díaz (nephew of the former dictator), and the other by General Bernadro Reyes, who had been a figure under Díaz, but at least temporarily gave Madero a chance. Both attempts failed, and the Generals found themselves imprisoned in Mexico City.

**The Uprising**

Events came to a head on February 8th, 1913 at the instigation of a *Felicista* (support of Félix Díaz), General Manuel Mondragón. After planning and preparing for some time, and bringing a corps of officers in the Army to his side, Mondragón called on the Cadets at the ~~Heroic Military College~~ Military School at Tlalpan to join him in an uprising against the Madero government. About 600 or so cadets joined him, making up the initial core force. They marched on the prison holding Díaz, and secured his release, followed shortly after by the release of Reyes. Bolstered by additional numbers from the Army who sided with the plotters, Reyes marched on the National Palace the next morning, only to be met by an unexpectedly stout defense, led by General Lauro Villar, on the part of Madero loyalists. Reyes was cut down in the assault, leaving Díaz as the sole leader of the revolt.

Upon hearing of the uprising, Madero, who lived away from the city center, jumped on horseback and rode for the National Palace. Escorting him, it should be noted, were a small group of cadets from the Heroic Military College, an event they still celebrate as The Loyalty March. Nearing the palace and slowed by the crowds, he paused in his trip to give a speech from a balcony to the assembled people, assuring him that the uprising would quickly be put down. Meeting up with him at this point was the inactive Gen. Huerta, who offered to assist Madero. Although Madero didn’t like him, he nevertheless put Huerta in command of the city forces, as the previous commander had been injured defending the palace shortly before.

By that next morning, it seemed like Madero had the situation under control. Díaz was still alive and kicking, but the Army was getting reinforced from outside the city, and the *Felicistas* were holed up in the the city arsenal, known as the Ciudadela. In an attempt to root them out, Gen. Huerta subjected it to significant artillery bombardments, and repeatedly charged their positions (more on this later). Lots of civilian casualties resulted from the cannonade that Huerta subjected the *Felicista* position to.

1/2
Fascist movements rely on the perception of popularity, the sense of a mass movement determined to sweep away the fragile trappings of liberal democracy, to expose the perceived weakness and lack of determination at the heart of the system. This process is inherently violent – not just towards the political system, but those who support it, defend it and ultimately those who were once protected by it.

Fascist movements succeed not because they are actually strong enough to achieve this, but because they convince those who are strong enough to defend democracy that it is not in their best interests to do so. That they are better allies than enemies, that their supposed popularity and dynamism offers a lifeline to conservative movements becoming keenly aware that the march of history is against them. That their opponents – usually leftist politicians and political movements, but in every case those framed as the true enemies of the nation – are the real threat against which fascist aid and protection is vital. It’s a long con, the goal of which is majority complicity in an ever-escalating cycle of abuse. 

Fascist movements don’t succeed when there is a refusal to compromise with them across the political spectrum, when standing and defending democracy is not the task of a demonised minority, and above all when conservatives realise in time that they do not and cannot control the movements whose support seems, in the short-term, to be oh-so-convenient. For those on the left who are cynical that this might be possible, I’d remind them that the largest war in the history of the human race was fought, and won, by an anti-fascist coalition that brought together conservatives, liberals, socialists and many others, who learned just in time to put aside their differences to confront what they correctly recognised to be an existential threat.

History offers explanations, not neat parallels. 1922, 1923, 1933 or 1936, to name a few in my own field of study, do not hold all the answers we need today, or offer a roadmap to a better future. The roots of what we’ve witnessed lie not in Germany, Italy or other European countries that fell to fascism from within, but rather – as argued persuasively above – in America itself. 

For more detail (and sources) on these dynamics, and how they were successfully and unsuccessfully resisted during the 1930s and 1940s, these longer posts on [political violence](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/c9nds3/historical_opposition_to_facism/), [fascism](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/bbke3j/as_far_as_i_know_the_antifascist_movement_began/) and [anti-fascism](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/au4suv/were_there_any_notable_successful_or_nearly/eh5yzgy/?context=3) that may be of interest.
Just wanted to drop a comment to express my thanks and appreciation for all the mods and contributors to this sub and post.
This is terrifying. In Spain we have had a hilariously high number of coups in the 19th century, but we don't need to go that far back in order to see the last coup attempt.

February the 23rd of 1981 was an important day. It would have been the day when Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo would be appointed prime minister by the Congreso de los Diputados (Chamber of Representatives). But things did not follow the ordinary course of events that day. 

Being the type of session that it was, all of the 350 members of Congress were present that day, as they would have to vote on making Leopoldo Calvo-Sotelo the new president of the Council of Ministers. President Adolfo Suárez had resigned some type before, so there had to be a session for appointing a new president of the council. The boring part had taken place a few days earlier, with the standard parliamentary debates on government programs and all that jazz. The Congress did not have much to do but to vote yes or no on Calvo-Sotelo's appointment. That would, however, take a lot of time. For the voting session for appointing a new PM, the president of the Congress calls each MP in alphabetic order, and they have to say, loud and clear "yes" or "no".

And then, the thing most people in Spain dreaded simply happened: a coup. A platoon of civil guards stormed the Congress under the command of lieutenant-colonel Antonio Tejero, taking the whole government and parliament hostage.

Many people in Spain started packing their stuff and getting ready to go to Portugal or to France fearing another dictatorship. My own parents were among those people, getting ready to go back to Rennes where they had been living for four years until 1977, when my father decided to come back to Spain profitting from the Amnesty Law. My father, prior to deciding definitely to move to France called one of his cousins, who at that time was a general in the Military House of the King, and was reassured that the coup could not succeed. This guy's brother was in Brunete, and had seen general Torres Rojas arrested for trying to usurp the command of the División Acorazada Brunete. Not everyone had the capacity of making such calls.

The government was taken hostage, and the parliament was held hostage too. When the civil guards stormed the Chamber holding rifles and Lt.-colonel Tejero fired a few rounds to the air, just about all of the MPs cowered in their seats, except three: president Adolfo Suárez, who was all out of fucks to give, general Gutiérrez Mellado who had seen it all, and Santiago Carrillo the general secretary of the Communist Party who was in Suárez's very state of mind. Carrillo, of course, while not stopping smoking his trusted Dunhills.

I'll leave here a link to Radio Televisión Española with material about the 23F coup attempt through the eyes of some of the protagonists
https://www.rtve.es/noticias/23f/
/u/indyobserver 's overview mentions Bleeding Kansas as one of our lamentable precedents. This is one episode from there:

In the spring of 1855, the territory of Kansas had a problem: enslaving. That was also a problem the United States as a whole had had for as long as a United States existed to have problems. The issue, specifically, was whether the United States would continue to be a white supremacist ethnostate bent on the genocide of Native Americans and the stealing of the lives, labor, and loved ones of Black Americans through a regime of torture, terror, and rape, or if it would set down a path for only doing the former. This greatly aroused the passions of white Americans, who, whilst nigh-unanimous on white supremacy and genocide now increasingly divided over whether or not enslaving black Americans represented a threat to their own freedom and prosperity or whether it was the source of that freedom and prosperity.

The issue boiled over in Kansas because proslavery forces successfully forced the repeal of the Missouri Compromise, which banned slavery there, with the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854. That act also opened Kansas to white colonization, which immediately led to the question of whether or not enslaving was allowed in the new territory. Said new territory happened to be directly adjacent to Missouri's most-enslaving region and its enslavers, including David Rice Atchison who had played a critical role in the Missouri Compromise repeal *and* who was then up for re-election. Atchison is an obscurity most famous for a false trivia item now, but he was one of the most powerful Senators of the 1850s and close allies with several others. 

The Missouri Compromise was repealed on the theory that American democracy could decide the slavery question without the terrible stresses to the white Union involved in American democracy deciding it on the national state. The legislators declared that the good white men of Kansas could sort it for themselves, with Atchison at their forefront. Atchison then declared that white Kansans were not fit for that and would need help from their enslaving and enslaver-friendly neighbors in Missouri, who came across the border in loosly-organized mobs when Kansas held elections and animated by the theory that rich New England Yankees had funded an army of paupers to run into Kansas and vote slavery out, then promptly go home and/or become an antislavery militia crossing the border to undermine Missourian enslaving. Those paupers would steal the elections by illegal voting to make Kansas a hotbed of ablitionism and that theft must be stopped, so they were told in pamphlets and rallies across Missouri's plantation belt, many organized out of Masonic lodges.

So the mobs came, with some in the pay of local enslavers, group rates negotiated for ferry transit, some alcohol provided, and guns and bowie knives supplied by the mob themselves. They coordinated who went where, fanning out to all of Kansas' polling places so that they, not actual Kansan colonists, could vote in the elections to form the territory's first legislature. Across the territory antislavery Kansans got the drift quickly: if they tried to vote against the proslavery ticket they'd be mobbed, roughed up, and maybe killed. Many turned and left. Some dared the mob, one claiming he would vote proslavery received a crowd-surfing boost over the throng...until someone saw the antislavery ticket in his hand. Threats of beheading circulated with the brandished guns and knives. Proslavery men shot at fleeing antislavery voters. Election officials were intimidated and forced to resign in favor of the mob's nominees.

At Bloomington, the proslavery men seem to have lacked some of the confidence they had elsewhere, or maybe they found angrier, more stubborn Kansans. Either way, they came a bit late and for as much as an hour on election morning Kansans voted there unmolested. Then the three to seven hundred proslavery militants arrived and found the election being held at a log cabin, with the officials inside and votes taken through a window. Doing their duty, the judges of the election permitted them to vote...on the grounds that they swear an oath to being lawful Kansans with intent to reside permanently in the territory.

A man called Samuel Jones stepped forward and told the officials that the mob had come from Missouri to vote, to make Kansas a slave state. But this oath stuff? Forget it. The judges would then not take votes from them. Kansans, who had been hanging about the voting window socializing -elections were a bit social event in the 19th century- then decided that the Missourians had been taken care of and tried to vote. The mob seized them and pulled them away. Then they demanded the election officials resign so the mob could appoint their own and the violence went to a new level.

The judges refused, at which point the mob swore that if the judges didn’t reconsider they would tear down the cabin and kill them, or at least blow their brains out. One of the election clerks estimated a dozen pistols cocked and aimed when the threat was given, all through that window. They were brandished at least eight times, perhaps as many as a dozen.The mob charged the window and smashed the glass and frame. Then they jammed logs under the corners of the cabin to make levers and tried to literally shake the building down on the judges’ heads. They had another log coming up to ram the door in. 

One judge bolted, seizing the ballot box and fleeing with a “hurrah” for Missouri rather than being the intersection point for what he estimated to be around a hundred bullets. That left the door open and the mob rushed within, guns and knives out and ready. Jones took the lead as they filled the cabin, at least six or eight men in tight quarters with two remaining judges and a pair of clerks. Jones drew out his pocket watch and told the judges they could resign or they could die. They had five minutes to decide. Other guns and knives stood at the ready, trained on the embattled officials.

Outside, as all this happened, John Wakefield had been recognized by some in the mob as the local antislavery candidate. The Missourian mob leaned on him to lean on the judges. Wakefield declined. A minute into their five-minute ultimatum, the two remaining judges of the election came out to consult with him on what to do.Jones let them go outside on the grounds that they would come back with an answer. Wakefield told them that they should retire to one of the judges’ homes, three hundred yards away, and write up a statement of what happened.

The trio got to the judge’s house, but they were spotted and a part of the mob followed after, mounted, and demanded the poll books from the judges within. In the interim one judge had fled with them, hoping to deny the Missourians vital documents to certify their theft of the election. The judge had passed off the books, but the Missourians mistook the man who he’d given them to for him and got them all the same. Books in hand they returned to the judge’s house for an armed standoff with Wakefield training a borrowed double-barreled shotgun at Jones and Jones’ mob. Things stood that way for a few tense minutes until Wakefield was persuaded that he might take a few Missourians with him, but upwards of twenty people now sheltered in the judge’s home and none of them were armed. If gunplay ensued, they weren’t getting out of it. 

Wakefield surrendered and Jones’ men took him back to the main crowd, insisting he tell them that he had nothing to do with influencing the election. That was true, so Wakefield had no problem getting up in a wagon and saying it. While there, surrounded by armed and angry men, he also dressed them down as an American and veteran of two wars. He and his fellow free staters were abused unjustly and this mob was a walking repudiation of the constitution of the United States. He did this all to cries of “Shoot him! He is too saucy!”

The mob’s ringleaders promised Wakefield his safety for the declaration he gave, if not the patriotic denunciation after it. He called on them to remember that pledge, which they begrudgingly did now that they had everything else they wanted. One insisted on tying a white ribbon to Wakefield’s lapel to mark him as a friend to the mob. Wakefield cut it off as soon as he could and tried to leave. The triumphant Missourians decided to let him vote. Wakefield refused to lend their coup any legitimacy and left.

The Missourians carried the day, stealing Kansas’ elections and thus its legislature. The fruit of their assault upon a citadel of democracy came in passing a draconian set of laws that criminalized any form of antislavery activism or speech in the territory and barred from office any man, however elected, who would not swear himself to the preservation of slavery.
I feel compelled to point out that invasion of the halls of government has happened on the local level in the United States, once with more dire consequences. 

The Wilmington Insurrection is the only known (that I'm aware of) successful coup of a legally elected government in United States history. It took place in Wilmington, NC, in 1898. The coup was accomplished by white supremacists who took power in what was an integrated community with a thriving black middle class . The insurrectionists literally marched up to the mayor and aldermen and forced them to resign at gunpoint. The next day, they installed a new mayor and aldermen. They burned businesses and homes. They drove out thousands, and killed an untold number but average estimates are a couple of hundred.  All of this took place and when those affected appealed to local and Federal authorities, no one did anything about it. The response was often simply "You should have known your place."

There was also the Battle of Athens, in Athens TN in 1946. This one is looked upon more favorably by history because it involved the opposite of Wilmington: this was an armed group attempting to make sure votes in an election were properly counted. There was an election in Athens, TN, and on the ballot was the replacement of several corrupt local officials. When the election was over, the ballots were taken to be counted in the jail in secret by several of these corrupt officials who also happened to have seats on the local board of elections. Thus, they could certify the election results themselves and no one would ever see them. So those opposing these officials, mostly (perhaps all, I can't recall) former GIs who had fought in WW2, seized weapons from the local armory and besieged the jail. They won the battle, seized the ballots, and had them counted with officials from other jurisdictions present. The GI slate triumphed, the corrupt officials were deposed, and GIs never faced legal consequences. Nor did the corrupt officials they defeated both at the ballot box and in the battle. The good guys won. We think.
[deleted]
great post! as expected from this sub. I have a follow up question.

From the perspective of world history, not just US, why is this a big deal?

* Is it simply that US is THE super power right now, so whatever is a big deal there, is also a big deal for the world?

* Is the US, up until yesterday, was the longest peaceful transition of power in all civilization throughout history?

* or something else?
Was the first peaceful transition of power not 1796?
/u/indyobserver, wouldn't the Wilmington coup be precedent?
Thanks to all the historians for the write ups of other coups. 

Before this thread I had considered what happened today just another tantrum by a small minority of bad actors. Reading how people have behaved thusly throughout history and managed to subvert democracy has convinced me that today could have been another event like that.
Fantastic write-up.  As a Pennsylvanian, I'm surprised by this history.  Knew a bit about Stevens (I'm from Lancaster), but had no clue about the rest.

I have a follow up question (if that's allowed in this thread):

What (if any) are the legal and historical justification for today's actions as well as Pennsylvania's; South Carolina's; etc... from the past?  Are there any, or any similar situations addressed by the Founders/writings (besides the mentioned Jefferson election)?

**EDIT:** I think my questions would've been better phrased as: "At what point would the Founding fathers have been "ok" with this behavior?  Are there any writings that indicated 'Enough is enough'?"  Did they expect something similar to happen in their lifetime (besides the Jefferson Incident), and did they have any kind of a plan for that?
My heartfelt thanks to the mods and OP for this context. I know we'll persevere, but my head hangs low right now. Tonight I sat my 15 y/o son down so I could explain to him that this day is something his kids would be tested on in history class.
Is the woman shot the first civilian killed in the Capitol Building? I see two officers (Capitol police) killed in 1998...
Thank you, mods and contributors. 

Your thoughtful and informative analysis is a badly needed counter to the chaos and irrationality of the day. 

Thanks for stepping outside your rules to provide what we need.
Thank you for this synopsis. 

I truly appreciate this sub so much. It remains a stronghold of reflection, fact based evidence, and insightful discourse in an ever polarized world. 

Tonight, I will hang on to my Constitution and send hope and thanks to the stars that tomorrow it will still be the law of the land, regardless of those who try to subvert it through egregious means. 

Stay safe everyone.
I'm having an odd sensation;  for the first time in my life I feel *proud*  (!)  to be a historian.   

Thanks for this great write-up, and thank you ALL for doing such a great job with this sub overall.
Thank you u/Soviet_Ghosts u/indyobserver u/freedmenspatrol and the rest of the Mod team.

I look forward to your posts about the 2nd Impeachment and hopefully first Removal of a US President. As an American historian I sat here in tears today seeing our democracy and republic shake under these unprecedented attacks. But I know it will get better we will survive and in 40 years a new crop of r/AskHistorians contributors will be answering posts about "How did America survive and overcome Jan. 6th 2021?"
Have there ever been cases of potential espionage inside the Capitol building? (see the photos people took allegedly of Pelosi's open computer and her email.)

I'm not trying to stir a conspiracy. But we don't know who the people were that entered the Capitol. The assumption is that they were domestic, but who knows.

Has there ever been a case of spies physically infiltrating the Capitol and legislative offices? Not cyber crimes.
[deleted]
Nice writeup.  Appreciate the context.
[deleted]
I've heard it thrown around a few times today, but is there any merit to the claim that this is the first time the Confederate flag was waved in the Capitol building?
[deleted]
Having read the content posted by the contributors here, is it the position of the moderators on /r/AskHistorians that today's events constitute an armed insurrection and coup attempt?

If the answer to the above is in the affirmative, are there any parallels in history where said attempts were made by an unarmed crowd, where the only fatalities were a member of the crowd, and not any government official or agent?
Another respectful, comprehensive, and high quality post



As expected from this sub
Is there anyone with any expertise relevant to the 1954 shooting in Congress?

Seems a relevant parallel.
Thank you for this insightful analysis on the seditious attack on the Capitol.
Great write up. History is not only very interesting, but is supposed to be very useful to understand current events as well as predict what will happen. 

And honestly this whole day went about exactly as I expected it would. So I am wondering if the historians here could see this coming and why/why not?  Sometimes I feel like history scholars become a bit blind to things happening that haven't happened before.
So well put!
Were there ever raids like this on state capitols?
To me this seems like a very unbiased explanation which is awesome! I really appreciate this post and the realism here where it is recognized that it has been worse before. Thank you for the insight!
Well there is one precedent for it, didn’t go very well for the traitors
Thank you for this!  Have a great day!!
George Floyd was murdered by America: a historian's perspective on the history of U.S. police brutality against Black people
*From the /r/AskHistorians mod team*:

Multiple histories of US police violence against the Black community are being written this week. They’ve taken the form of tweet threads, news articles, blog posts, and conversations among friends, loved ones, and even strangers on the internet. Amidst these waves of information, we as historians want our readers to remember the following: 

Police brutality against Black people is woven into the fabric of the history of policing in the US—and reflects the historical reality that white America benefits from police and state violence against the Black community. George Floyd’s murder and the brutal suppression of the ensuing protests are the latest in a long history of police brutality and excessive, extraordinary violence. 

As historians like Edward Ayers and Sam Mitrani have established, the construct of American policing was formed between roughly 1840-1880 on the crest of two trends. First, rising population density in cities brought middle-class and wealthy white Americans into close contact with people they considered disruptive to their orderly world: sex workers, impoverished drunk people, Black residents, immigrants. Second, a spiralling urban trend towards wage labor for larger corporations that was itself a disruption in some of the institutions that had previously guarded local order, like families and close-knit neighborhoods.

From their establishment in the mid- to late-19th century, American police forces have depended on their mandate to keep or restore the white, wealthy ideal of order and the active support or tacit acceptance of this ongoing role by the majority of white Americans.

The history of lynching demonstrates this point with sickening clarity and is one we all should know. To highlight just one incident from the thousands that occured: a mob of white people dragged prosperous Black farmer Anthony Crawford from the Abbeville, South Carolina jail in full sight of the jailer and local sheriff on October 21, 1916. Crawford had been beaten and stabbed earlier that day; he was beaten again, possibly to death, hanged, and shot multiple times. His heinous crime? He accused a white man of trying to cheat him financially, and defended himself when a group of white men attacked him in response.

John Hammond Moore has offered that one motivation for the lynching was a rumor the sheriff was going to help Crawford escape and the white murderers believed the police presence was not doing its job of keeping order according to their definition of “order.” However, when the sheriff and jailer looked the other way, they delegated their role of keeping order to the mob, empowering them to act on their behalf.

In Crawford’s case, it is easy to connect the dots between white people affording police the responsibility to keep order, white people benefiting from white supremacy, and state participation in unjust violence, not least because of the direct involvement of white civilians. We can easily see Crawford’s lynching as part of an broader phenomenon, not just an individual, extraordinary event. In effect, the police did - and kept doing - what white people wanted. A decade later, the Illinois Crime Survey highlighted:

* The wildly disproportionate rate at which Black suspects were killed by Chicago police officers in comparison to the percentage of Black residents in the city
* That a suspect or criminal (of any race) is “a product of his surroundings in the slum areas in the same way in which the good citizen is a product of the lake front environment.” [[PDF](https://homicide.northwestern.edu/docs_fk/homicide/ICS/ICS.28.pdf)]

By the 1920s, research pioneered by women scholars at the University of Chicago was already highlighting how stereotypes around “slum environment” turned residents into perceived criminals. They observed that the Black neighborhoods defined as "slums" exhibited precisely the same "disorderly" characteristics that had spurred the creation of official police departments in the previous century. And they observed how these conditions were the result of pervasive, systemic white supremacy. 

Additionally, social workers documented how school segregation and the massive underfunding of Black schools by city politicians contributed to those same conditions, creating a feedback loop; The disorder the police were approved to combat was created by the lack of funding and resources. The ideal of order that the majority of white Chicagoans found attractive, in other words, both justified and resulted from police violence against their Black neighbors.

The nature of a survey, like the Illinois Crime Survey, demonstrates the same thing we recognize in lynching: individual cases of state violence against Black Americans, whatever the specific circumstances, are part of a pattern. But while the specter of lynching haunts the fringes of American crime, the pattern of police brutality against the Black community has not let up. In 2015, Jamil Smith showed how the final moments of some many of those killed by police across the decades echoed each other, again and again. 

From the Fugitive Slave Act to George Floyd, examples of police violence against Black Americans are endless, gruesome, and there for everyone to see and behold. In 1942, Private Thomas Foster was beaten and shot four times by Little Rock police officers after intervening to stop the assault of a fellow soldier. In 1967, a cab driver named John William Smith was savagely beaten by the Newark police. In 1984, New York City police officers shot Eleanor Bumpurs multiple times as they tried to evict her, making the call that getting her out of her apartment was more important than accommodating her mental health struggles. We could list hundreds, if not thousands, further such examples that illustrate this pattern.

But it’s not enough to say, “here are a bunch of examples of police officers brutalizing Black people.” The ability of individual officers to assault and kill Black Americans year after year, decade after decade, murder after murder, stems from the unwillingness of the white majority to step beyond protesting individual cases or do to more than stroke our chins and say, “Yes, I see a pattern.”

That pattern exists because despite every act of police brutality, and even despite protests following individual acts, white America’s preference for an "orderly" society has been a higher priority. From the inception of official police forces in the mid-19th century, to school truancy officers and border patrol, the American police have existed at the will of the white majority to keep and restore order, as defined by the white majority, using the "necessary" force, as defined by the mostly white police force and legal system.

When we come to write the history of the last few days, we need to remember this wider context and that it goes beyond any single member of the police.  It is not that every officer is evil, but they do operate in a system which was designed to build and maintain white supremacy. Justice for the individual Black Americans killed by individual members of the police is necessary, but so is a long, hard look at - and action against - our understanding of societal order and how it must be upheld. 

Exposing these structures has taken years of untold work and sacrifice on the part of Black communities, activists and historians. It is far past time that white Americans help rather than hinder this work.

~~

*Further Reading:*

* Ayers, Edward L. *Vengeance and Justice: Crime and Punishment in the 19th Century American South*. Oxford University Press,  2016.
* Brundage, W. Fitzhugh. *Under Sentence of Death: Lynching in the South*. The University of North Carolina Press,  2011.
* Hadden, Sally E. *Slave Patrols: Law and Violence in Virginia and the Carolinas*. Harvard University Press, 2001.
* McGuire, Danielle L.. *At the Dark End of the Street: Black Women, Rape, and Resistance- a New History of the Civil Rights Movement from Rosa Parks to the Rise of Black Power.* Vintage Books, 2011.
* Kendi, Ibram X. *Stamped from the Beginning: The Definitive History of Racist Ideas in America*. PublicAffairs, 2016.
* Williams, Kidada E. *They Left Great Marks on Me: African American Testimonies of Racial Violence from Emancipation to World War I*. NYU Press, 2012.

Recommended listening:

* NPR. Code Switch’s ["A Decade Of Watching Black People Die"](https://www.npr.org/2020/05/29/865261916/a-decade-of-watching-black-people-die)
* Center for Documentary Studies (CDS) at Duke University. [Scene on Radio](https://www.sceneonradio.org/)’s *Seeing White* and *The Land that Never Has Been Yet* 
* AskHistorians Podcast, [Episode 144 - The Fire Is Upon Us](https://askhistorians.libsyn.com/askhistorians-episode-144-the-fire-is-upon-us)

~~

*Please--save any money from awards you might give this post. The AskHistorians community asks you to donate it to a charity of your choice that fights for justice for people of color, in your country or around the world.*
The Texas KKK routinely targeted police officers for recruitment as a way to insulate themselves from prosecution.  Many were unmasked when they committed a mass shooting in downtown Austin leading to sweeping arrests at their clubhouse. 

~~

 Brown, Norman D. *Hood, bonnet, and little brown jug : Texas politics, 1921-1928*. Texas A & M University Press, c. 1984
>That pattern exists because despite every act of police brutality, and even despite protests following individual acts, white America’s preference for an "orderly" society has been a higher priority.

Can expand a little more on the meaning of the phrase, '"orderly" society' and specifically what it might be in contrast to?
Kudos for your willingness to combine the historiographies of policing and lynching.  While it may be obvious, historians often compartmentalize, as when labor historians omit or skirt the historiography of forced labor -- enslaved or prison.

For those outside the field, this ability to think in plastic categories is more unusual than you may imagine.
Probably shamefully, this is the first I’m hearing about Anthony Crawford’s lynching. However, looking over the [Wikipedia article](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching_of_Anthony_Crawford), the story it seems to tell describes the opposite of indifference by the local police. It claims that the sheriff arrested Crawford “most likely for his own protection” and that the mob “captured and disarmed Sheriff Burts” to be able to abduct him from the prison. Would you say that article is a mischaracterization or is exaggerating to make the authorities look better? Because the story that’s being told in the entry doesn’t really support the case in the post that police were a tool to enable white supremacy in this situation (not that there aren’t myriad other examples to support that fact). Obviously, Wikipedia can be flawed and I can’t comment well on the legitimacy of its sources, so I’d appreciate a historian perspective.
Is this a place to ask questions or get further sources? If so....

I am from Hawaiʻi and part native Hawaiians. Watching these events unfold, but mostly thousands of miles away, in a country whose history we “inherited” through our own experience of systemic racist violence and illegal annexation, it is easy to have empathy with black protestors and the overall cause of eradicating the scourge of racism from American society. I stand completely with the work of this movement and don’t want to decenter their struggles in any way. 

However, I can’t help but feel distant and remote from the way American history on this topic is often told, as my community and history weren’t even a part of that experience (other than very indirectly), and have a hard time understanding and contextualizing current situations in light of some obvious differences (for example the ruling class/majority in Hawaiʻi is not exclusively or even predominantly white, and black people are a tiny tiny minority who mostly do not have the same roots and history as black people on the US continent). 

And of course it is obvious that anti blackness, colorism, and racism have deeply permeated the experience of native Hawaiians and other communities of color in Hawaiʻi including, of course, the overincarceration of native Hawaiians and the disproportionate poverty among islander communities from Hawaiʻi, Polynesia, and Micronesia today. So I can empathize as a Hawaiian, but I don’t know how to necessarily reconcile that with the understanding that antiblack racism is unique and pervasive on a completely different level than racism again native Hawaiians and other indigenous folks. 

So, long story short, does anyone have recommendations of resources to learn more about antiblackness, racist police brutality, and the history of colonization specific to Hawaiʻi and the US-colonized pacific (e.g., Guam, American Samoa, the Philippines), I would be very very interested in learning more. It can be hard to sort through resources focused on the continental US to see what applies more specifically to Hawaiʻi, as we often get left out of conversations about the country’s history.
I'm always amazed at how this sub constantly reminds us with its actions that it is by far the best channel on Reddit. You guys are champs, thank you for helping us learn from our mistakes. Love everything you do
Is there any literature on the history of the police force? I think most readers assume the idea that the police have existed in approximately their current from since time began. I personally don't know the history of police forces, but I suspect much like the history of race relations there is a lot of pertinent information there that is missed.
In addition, we would like to express solidarity with other subreddits which have chosen to similarly go dark or otherwise temporarily shut down, including r/nfl, r/nba, r/hiphopheads, r/popheads, r/indieheads, r/GoodOmens, r/military, r/Screenwriting, r/XFL, r/DankMemes, r/Music, r/EDM, r/punk, r/DebateAnAtheist, r/polytheism, r/Unexpected, r/AskReddit, r/UNC, r/wallstreetbets, r/history, /r/watchpeoplesurvive, /r/witchesvspatriarchy, /r/tax, /r/Screenwriting, /r/chefit, /r/Toyota, /r/malefashionadvice, r/DIY, r/philosophy, r/askphilosophy, r/boardgames, r/ToiletPaperUSA, r/drums, r/findaleague, r/SquaredCircle, r/awwducational, r/askfoodhistorians, r/Breakpoint, /r/agegap, r/agegaprelationship, r/whatintarnation, r/DnDBehindtheScreen, r/whowouldwin, r/weddingplanning, r/49ers, r/warriors, r/Dachschaden, r/TrueCrime, r/Unexpected, /r/brasil, r/AskWomen, /r/AskMen, r/gorillarecipes, /r/fosterit, r/Adoption, r/math, r/darkestdungeon, r/jugger, /r/The_Mueller, r/feminisms, r/Saferbot, r/Florida, r/Miami, r/FiftyFifty, r/Hijabis, r/Beyoncé, r/SocialistRA, r/thisismylifemeow, /r/AskEconomics, /r/nicebirbs, /r/flybys, /r/birbsmirrin, r/birbmirrin, /r/foldingbicycle, /r/spiraldex,  /r/apocalyptica_band, /r/hunterandfriends, /r/huntermotorcycles,  /r/justnoneighbor, /r/justnoneighbour, r/insanepeoplequora, r/LandscapeArchitecture , r/BadHistory, r/tall, r/ChelseaFC, r/DebateAVegan, r/VeganDE, r/badmathematics, /r/LearnJapanese, and /r/MLS.

Also a shout-out to all the community and city subreddits who have expressed solidarity but can't reasonably shut down at the moment in order to coordinate things in their community such as /r/saltlakemetro, r/washingtondc, r/Minneapolis, r/offmychest, r/racism, r/2020PoliceBrutality, r/suboxone and /r/blacklivesmatter.



Please modmail us if your subreddit ought to be included in this list.
The Color of Law by Richard Rothstein was assigned as part of a class in college, as someone born and raised in the US it was frankly embarrassing how ignorant I was on the topic of systemic racism. I highly encourage anyone who wants to learn more on the blatant segregation of the 20th century and its effects in the contemporary to read this book. It's even on sale [on Amazon right now. ](https://www.amazon.com/Color-Law-Forgotten-Government-Segregated/dp/1631494538/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=the+color+of+law&qid=1591199284&sprefix=the+color+&sr=8-1)
Another important, less talked about system is debt. It kept people tied down during share cropping and today it’s used to lock people up
Again because they can’t afford parole and probation fees.
In honour of todays post, let me do my usual gig and offer some further posts as reading. 

/u/sowser explains that [enslavement in the U.S. was limited to black people]( https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/40h2rr/was_owning_slaves_in_the_us_limited_solely_to/cyuasd4/). There were no enslaved white people.

/u/Georgy_K_Zhukov has a brilliant post on [chain gangs and the re-enslavement of the freeman through the prison system.]( https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/cov25a/after_slavery_was_outlawed_following_the_end_of/ewlt4ci/)

And [During the time of slavery in the United States, why did the slaves opted to flee to the North instead of going more South to Mexico where slavery is already abolished?]( https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/9uvl8u/during_the_time_of_slavery_in_the_united_states/e986f5y/?context=3)
I just want to recommend [Carol Anderson, Chair of African American Studies at Emory University's videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBYUET24K1c). She is an amazing storyteller as well as an expert in both the history of individual events she discusses, as well as the broader historical forces.

I hope that's alright.
I definitely appreciate the post, but had a quick question about your style choice. Why do you capitalize Black but not white? I've been told to capitalize neither or both.
I'd love to see a post on non-violent stuff that's happened. The FHA bs that happened when it was first created wasn't just, "oh no you don't have money" there were provisions placed in that literally didnt allow black people to obtain loans or housing in white neighborhoods. before it was even an issue of neighbors knowing a black family was trying to move in.
How, in a historical context, do you separate and distinguish police brutality levied by class and race?

That is, in Crawford's case it was obviously about his race because he was moderately well off, but how do we know how much the police brutality in, say, the 1960s was about class and how much was about race?
Thank you a million times over for this post. Exactly what's needed in this moment.
Can anyone recommend free audiobooks on the subject?
Thank you for this submission. Though of course capturing even 100 years of history in a ~1000 word post is herculean, there were many detailed and nuanced points worth consideration. 

Specifically, the structural relationship between geography and power. Chicago has a storied history of redlining, but even in places where the practice was not formally codified immense geographic stratification still occured; e.g., in Boston, my city, the city is divided from northwest to southeast by the Orange Line subway line. The great majority of black people live south of that line - with only one small exception, any black majority neighborhood is south of it. Literally, wrong side of the tracks. This was original research a few years ago, but you can also heat map the incidence of certain outcomes (incidence of fresh food stores; asbestos and lead related morbidities; etc) against that distribution and the results are alarming if not unexpected.

I feel wholly convinced that even if the Floyd protests are wildly successful beyond our hopes in combatting police brutality, that this only scratches the surface of the systemic disenfranchisement of black and brown populations.

I would find it very interesting to hear a historian's take on the self-fulfilling prophecy. For example, black students have lower educational attainment in part because the teachers *predict* they will be rowdy / uncurious / whatever, and give them less attention; then the racist points at PSAT scores or whatever and says, "see? They *are* less capable." The abuse and misinterpretation of statistical data to make causal relationships btwn melanin content and outcomes are despicable but frequent across a range of fields and especially with respect to the intrinsically heinous debate over IQ scores but also in crime statistics. 

So I don't know if it is really a good idea to entertain these arguments - if it would enable a form of "JAQing off" for example - but invariably we will all be exposed to this poor logic that bears the standard of "scientific inquiry" when making its equally poor conclusions. And I would find it very valuable, interesting, and relevant to explore the structural preconditions that systemically guaranteed certain outcomes (poverty, education, health, so forth). This kind of holistic inquiry elucidates the inherent multivariate nature of causal relationships and requires an argument that transcends individual policy or individual outcome. 

Moreover, the legacy of tests being weaponized as tools to disenfranchise black people has a gross and lengthy history, worthy of its own post.

Sorry to ramble. I just find that this community is both the most articulate and well-informed, but one of the most respected across reddit. I admire the stance the moderation team has taken and hope that they continue to shed light on this truly terrible history, so that we may learn from it and, of equal import, utilize those lessons in combatting the current situation.
The team behind this sub can be proud of itself. It's a sad but important read and once again I feel powerless to do anything about it.
Phenomenal post from the only sub I've thought of as consistently good. Thank you to the mod team for this, and if you don't mind I'll share this post (with link, for full attribution) with friends and followers.
I'm very proud to be a member of this community and support its inclusion of all who wish to participate peacefully and without hate. I'd like to share another lesser known story about police violence, riots, and race.

Columbus GA, March of 1971: A 17 year old black man is in a stolen car being pursued by police. The car stops and the young man runs, so the officer shoots. The young man is wounded from the gunshot; the gunshot entry hole was in the young man's back.

As a result, Columbus, which had elected a Republican mayor that was part of a biracial platform/coalition in the previous cycle ('68) and had appointed black members to prominant positions in the preceding year, saw three of every four of its black police officers (39 of 52 officers which was less than 10% of the total force in Columbus) join the Afro-American Police League (AAPL hereafter). They immediately spoke out about the discrimination, racial targeting, and racism exhibited in the shooting and in general by police.

In May an officer refused to testify in court against a black man that was on trial, so he was suspended. Seven other officers, all black, met at police HQ to demonstrate at which point they tore the American flags off their police uniforms. The seven were then fired for conduct unbecoming an officer (the original man was reinstated after review/appeal). 

Hosea Williams, a Georgian, famed civil rights activist, close friend of MLK, Jr, and (at that time) national executive and regional V.P. of the Atlanta based Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), went to Columbus and organized a march. On Saturday June 19 what started as a relatively peaceful march took place. A lawsuit had also been filed on behalf of 39 black members of the community (including 27 police officers) demanding an end to racial discrimination in community policing as well as in the hiring, discipline, and promotion of officers in the police department.

June 20: In the late night and early morning hours of the 19th/20th, destruction begins. Fed up with loss after loss ^footnote they finally let the aggression out and fires soon started throughout town, mainly in the black neighborhoods. This continued over the weekend.

Around midnight the night of June 20/21, a market was robbed for about 250$ and a description put out for two black men as the suspects. About 2:30A officers spotted two black men in a car and initiated a stop at which point the car took off and reportedly reached speeds of 100 mph+ in the chase. When the vehicle was finally stopped, a 20 year old black man named Willie Osbourne began to run. A white detective that had joined the pursuit allegedly saw "something shiny" and fired, stricking and killing Osbourne. The gunshot entry hole was in the young man's back. The det. was suspended pending investigation by the department. The SCLC called it "cold blooded murder" and demanded state and federal investigations. The AAPL quickly showed up at police HQ to protest where several people - including some of the fired officers - were then arrested.

The city went, for lack of a more official term, bat-shit crazy. Despite pleas from both the SCLC and the AAPL the city was in chaos. It didn't help that mayor Allen and Columbus' US Congressman, Jack Brinkley, publicly blamed the violence on the arrival of ["Hosea Williams, chief racist of them all".] (http://crdl.usg.edu/cgi/crdl?format=_video;query=id:ugabma_wsbn_58178). Future president/then Governor Jimmy Carter [even spoke out] (http://crdl.usg.edu/cgi/crdl?format=_video;query=id:ugabma_wsbn_58179), being more PC in his speech but also blaming Williams for publicity seeking at the expense of Columbus' black communities and ultimately causing the destruction (clips of an interview with Brinkley and press conference with Carter, both June 21, 1971, both courtesy of WSB-TV and The Civil Rights Digital Library). ***Notice what Carter says about the black community having legitimate grievances and the white community wanting to prevent disruption, then think about the OP and how it speaks to the original desire to prevent disruption in white communities!***

Over the next month alcohol, firearm, and ammunination sales would be prohibited in Columbus. George Wallace would even prohibit sales in Pheonix City, AL as well. The GA State Police were sent and a curfew ordered. Peace was largely regained. Then on July 21st, as a group of black protesters were ending their march, they were charged by officers with batons "swinging wildly" (according to the NYT). Six people were reported injured and over twice that were arrested. The city again delved into violence and new fire bombings prompting a non-curfew curfew, a "suggestion" by mayor JR Allen to not be outside after 10PM. If you were, he warned, he had authorized the police to consider that alone suspicious activity and the officers may "use their discretion" at how to proceed. Eventually the situation calmed and life returned to a state of normal. Little gains were accomplished in ousting racism from Columbus. Just like Augusta, Savannah, Macon, Albany, and Atlanta had already seen, it was another Georgian town expressing frustration over the past hundred years of freeman oppression* rooted deeply within society and within those agents authorized with use of force to prevent disruptions to society.

And it still happens. Just like that. Next year will mark the 50th anniversary of the shooting of Willie Osbourne. **And. It's. Still. Happening.**

Footnote: *Schools, for instance, had recently been integrated in Muskogee County (Columbus) yet 12 remained all black and even more all white. Less than 5% of white students attended predominately black schools. Worse, any black teacher with experience and a degree from a notable northern school (timeout - this is a whole 'nother thing where GA would pay the difference in out-of-state tuition to send blacks to northern schools and keep them out of places like UGA - time in) was pulled and sent to "white" school for diversity. The new white teachers without degrees or with only training certs would be sent to replace the removed teachers, worsening the education level of the integrated "black" schools.*

* I use the term "freeman oppression" here as black oppression had existed long before freedom was *legally acknowledged* in the US. They weren't protesting slavery, they wanted the same liberty and desire for the pursuit of happiness the constitution enshrined for all of us.
I was wondering if someone could write up a similar post in regards to Canadian treatment of our indigenous? 

I know the vast majority of us up here are sitting on our high horses  looking down at *"all the racism in the the US"* while simultaneously ignoring what has gone on --and what continues to go on-- in our own backyard.
Reading Grant by Ron Chernow and he describes a convention that blacks were having to try to get voting rights.  (Edit New Orleans massacre, 1866)The police (mostly CSA veterans) rolled in and massacred 44 defenseless men, and injuring ~150. Shooting kneeling men, then stabbing them.  Disgusting.  Oh, and Spoiler, Johnson was a racist of the first order
Hi all!

I've seen a few people wondering how a post like this fits in with our site rules against soapboxing, politics, and discussing events with in the last 20 years.

Here is why we think it's important:

1. This is a META thread. As frequent visitors to the sub know, in META threads we are able to have discussions that might otherwise not be possible in regular threads on this sub; this is one of those discussions.
2. This is a historical discussion. While the name of George Floyd and events which are taking place right now are mentioned,  the core of this piece is about many many years (preceding the year 2000, our current cutoff) of systemic racist policing. Given the flood of questions which the sub was inundated with over the last few days about various current events, we felt that a post with historical background would be useful.
3. As our [mission statement](https://askhistorians.com/about.html) says, we interpret our mission as including advocacy. For the most part, this has generally been related to history-specific causes and supporting the humanities, as well as encouraging historians to increase their public engagement (particularly online); however, we see providing the historical background to the current moment as part of this mission.
Thank you so much for this. As a Canadian white woman I’ve been doing my best to understand what’s happening in the US as much as I can and this helps to contextualize a bit. 

We in the North are very much siblings to our American neighbours and though the focus of our cultural racism where I live in particular is usually on aboriginal peoples more than black people, all racism is important to address and your/their terrible struggles have made people hundreds or thousands of kilometres away look at their own attitudes and actions or lack thereof. 

Thank you for your words helping us all to understand and to everyone standing up for humans of any skin tone.
I look up Private Thomas Foster that was mentioned, and wow.

> On March 22, 1942, a group of African-American soldiers from Company D of the Ninety-second Engineers stationed at Camp Joseph T. Robinson went to Little Rock’s African-American business and recreational district at Gaines and West 9th Street in search of off-post entertainment. One black soldier, Private Albert Glover, was arrested by white military police officers for public drunkenness. 

> Little Rock police officers Abner J. Hay and George Henson joined the officers, who then proceeded to beat Glover. While Glover was being put in a truck by military policemen to return him to Camp Robinson, Sergeant Foster confronted the military police, whom he outranked, and asked why they had allowed civilian police to assault Glover and why they had been so rough with him. The military police attempted to arrest Foster, but a scuffle and chase ensued. When Foster was backed into an alcove in front of a black Presbyterian church, city police officer Hay—instead of arresting Foster—attacked him, and city officers beat Foster with a nightstick when it looked like Foster might best Hay in the fight. 

> When Foster let go of Hay, Hay shot him three times in the abdomen and once in the right arm, as white military police looked on and brandished guns to hold back the growing interracial crowd. Reportedly, after Hay shot Foster, he reloaded his revolver and then lit and smoked a pipe.
Thank you for this excellent summary.
This is beautifully written provides essential context for what's happening in America. Thank you so much for bringing this level of clarity to such a complex issue. Hopefully reading this will help more people realize why this struggle is so essential to improving the character of the U.S. and helping it to fulfill its promise.
Cheers to this sub’s mod team for their efforts.
Thank you historians.
there should also be mention of the courts and elected officials that have had their hand in condoning, exonerating, normalizing and even stoking such acts of brutal savagery against the black man. when there was little to no repercussions to those who commit such heinous crimes against a specific subset of mankind, it cemented police immunity, it perpetuated that their actions were justified and correct.  
what good is video evidence if at the trial 10 white male jurors vote to exonerate and 2 black female jurors vote to convict resulting in a hung jury, that is then declared a mistrial and case dismissed? the "bad" cop goes back to work plus missed pay after a year's sabbatical
One very interesting point that I didn't know about is that you show that police violence occured against black no matter the social strata (with the lynching of  Crawford for instance). In my mind, it was more correlated to the police targeting poorer, most vulnerable people, so that disproves it.

One point I would like to know more about is (and I apologise if this is inapropriate for this thread): was their a similar (although lower level) systemic violence by US police force towards other minorities (beyond the natives, that one is kind of known worldwide) or white poorer strata?
can I translate that and share with my contacts back in my country?
Thank you for this absolutely fantastic post!

One thing I notice a lot that really bothers me whenever any sort of tragedy like George Floyd's murder occurs is the immediate opposition to calling for any sort of political or social change. I have noticed this pattern in the case of both school shootings and the deaths of black people at the hands of police, people will justifiably call for reform of some kind, but then immediately be shot down with "now is not the time, a tragedy has just occurred, and all you're doing is politicizing it!" as if police brutality against black people isn't already political. I believe one reason why this is such a common response to such calls of reform are due to a fear of major societal change, after all, it is not usually people who are more susceptible to police brutality who are hesitant to reform or abolish police in fear of having their actions come off as being too "politically motivated", but rather, such reactions usually come from people who do not have to worry about being treated unjustly by law enforcement due to the colour of their skin (I am speaking as a white person, I'm not going to pretend I understand one ounce of what black people have to go through every day, but to resist calls to changing how police treat black people, is, in my opinion, ignorant at best, and incredibly selfish at worst).

It almost seems there is an illusion that there is no right time to protest societal injustices, I hope that the murder of George Floyd will break such an illusion, and that these protests will not become another passing trend that will be forgotten in a few months. While I don't believe there needs to be a complete revolution, I do believe that the protests and riots, though violent at times, are necessary at this point to produce change.

Once again, I very much appreciate this post, AskHistorians never ceases to amaze me in how consistently great it is!
To add to the reading list, I highly recommend this article written by Ta-Nehisi Coates and published in the atlantic: [https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/06/the-case-for-reparations/361631/](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/06/the-case-for-reparations/361631/)

It does a profound job of explaining a major driving force of systemic racism in American societies.
[removed]
This is the best subreddit. Thank you for using your platform purposefully.
From the creation of the police to effectively hide or get rid of “undesirables” to “protect and serve” (I think in the 1950’s?) is quite a significant paradigm shift. How did this change happen? How did the police morph from oligarchic protection force to “public servants”?
Is it at all fair to say that police brutality has progressed from not just being “white on black” but to now also be a “blue on everyone” situation? I ask because of this recent article from the[The AJC](https://www.ajc.com/news/breaking-news/live-fulton-announces-findings-atlanta-police-excessive-force-case/IwWL0tioOHNAtC29Ad2xGL/) in which 5 of the 6 charged officers were black.
This is excellent, would you mind if I shared some of your words on my social media accounts?
I know this might get deleted for being low effort, (I’d almost be disappointed if it didn’t get deleted) but I have to say that I have always loved the mods here for your dedication and consistency. And now this! You guys are so cool. Keep fighting for the truth. I love you guys
Thank you. This is very enlightening.
I got chills reading this entire thing, but this to me, was what was the most resonant

>But it’s not enough to say, “here are a bunch of examples of police officers brutalizing Black people.” The ability of individual officers to assault and kill Black Americans year after year, decade after decade, murder after murder, stems from the unwillingness of the white majority to step beyond protesting individual cases or do to more than stroke our chins and say, “Yes, I see a pattern.”
In tears. Thank you for this
I'm in awe that you've managed to condense so much into such a short post. This is really impressive. Thank you to all of the talented folks who wrote this post, and thank you for continuing to moderate this community with such integrity.
[deleted]
Thank you, so much, mod team. This is a perfect example of how history and historians add tremendous value to the present and future—and in this case, for one of the most important issues we've faced as a country. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Really great write-up. Thank you for doing this.
Truly wonderful.  Thank you so much, mod team
This was incredible. The first post that has ever made me cry. Thank you for writing this.
Just wanted to take the chance to comment, in case this post is locked further, to say I'm amazed by this community and its response, as well as the solidarity shown by the mods.
What a great post! I never really thought about the history of the American police force forming under such a racially charged construct, and it definitely provides a powerful perspective to the modern day

Have other nations created their police force under similar ideas? 

Was the creation of the US police force a natural step in White Supremacy? That is: have nations with greater beliefs/backgrounds in equality pushed for a police force as much?
Thank you so much for this. This is the kind of work that led me to my college's history department
This really gets to the heart of it 

White Americans, on average, want an orderly society that looks like a Western European country

Many POC want a more open and inclusive society

Think Miami or New Orleans versus Minneapolis. Or big cities versus cloistered suburbs  

It's so engrained in the mindset of people that they don't even think about how this mindset drives not only the police but zoning laws, noise laws, redlining, marijuana laws, almost every facet of community life. 

Can these truly be dismantled, or is the only real solution a full integration of many POC into this "orderly society" thru better economic opportunity. I don't know the answer and we haven't come close to getting it right.
Thank you for using your voice. This issue is not just a black people issue. It’s fundamentally a threat to the foundation of our country and constitution.  “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men (and women) are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
Is there some estimate of the number of African Americans murdered through lynching? Perhaps to constrain things, just in the 20th century?
That was beautifully written. Thank you all for spending the time and energy to put this together.
See if twitter wants to read anything above 240 characters. Worth a try sharing.
An excellent perspective. 

With permission, I'd like to share this on some of my social media with proper sourcing, citation, and credit. Would that be alright?
As well as historical precedences, could gun laws be one of the main root causes? An outsider's (eastern european) perspective:  A society where even random grandmas can carry guns anytime, can justify a police force being overly prepared, overly cautious, overly brutal just due to the fact that they are preparing for-, assuming the worst resistance anytime, in any situation. Systemic, historical racism is visible for me as well, but I think it will never be better unless the society is free from guns.
This is amazing. Thank you.
This really hits different with how it’s written. It’s really corny but this sub is one of my favorites and I always feel like I’m at home when I’m here. Such a great community that’s well run because of a great mod team. Thanks y’all and to everyone on here too.
This is only tangentially related, but I have wondered if the current degradation of American politics and overall stability since the victory of capitalism over communism with the fall of the USSR is comparable to the slow degredation and fall of the Roman Republic. Would

Would asking such a question be possible? (since while parts of what I ask start in the 90's more recent examples fall inside the 20 year rule of this sub)
Thank you so much for this Thread
Can you please go into more detail? I really really want to know more this is a fantastic post
I love this subreddit so much man. Thank you so much for posting all of this
Best response from best sub.
Really good write-up; I appreciate everything this subreddit is doing and we're happy to stand alongside you in solidarity on this one. 

My question: for anyone who's read it, what are your thoughts on [At the Hands of Persons Unknown: The Lynching of Black America](https://www.amazon.com/At-Hands-Persons-Lynching-America/dp/0375754458)? I've been considering getting it, but I wanted to check how it is as a source just to be absolutely sure.
Wonderful post.    
Let's all work together to change our country for the better.
More like this please
Can I share to facebook?
I’ve yet to have a comment survive the moderation bot here but we’ll see how it goes.

Isn’t the simplest solution to start at the city council? Whether you are white or black you can go to city council meetings and affect policy for your police department.

I’m curious how much of this issue is a nationwide coordinated effort in 2020 vs individual police departments lagging behind in policy.
This is incredible. Thank you for taking the time to put it together.
Thank you ✊
Thank you for this neat summary and well done to this sub for taking even a small stand.
Incredible work. Well said.
Thanks for writing this post, it's very helpful in understanding the underlying issues that the current protests are about. As a European, I didn't know much of America's police force's history.

Where I live, I've lately heard a lot of people say that now is also the time to, as Europeans, look at ourselves and how racism affects our own countries, especially as we like to pat ourselves on the back about how we're doing better than the US in this regard.  To that end, do you know more about the history of Europe's police forces and if they have similar origins as to what you've explained about America? Specifically asking about Western Europe.
absolutely amazing. I'm so glad y'all put this out here. succinct yet well sourced and emotional.
Hear, hear. That Scene on Radio podcast series is spectacular. I'd also like to suggest BackStory, which has many good episodes on similar subjects.

Here's one from a few years ago about the troubled history of the police: https://www.backstoryradio.org/shows/serve-protect-2016/
Incredible post. Thank you so much to all mods of this amazing subreddit
Great Read , Thank you , I will share this to my people
Excellent post, I’ve been wondering about the history of police in this country myself. Passing it on to others
Thank you so much for this incredible post, this really is the best subreddit!
Does the AskHistorians team have any suggestions for organizations or charities to donate to?
I'm wondering what I can do with a mere BA in History with regards to local history for communities of color? Maybe contact local organizations that support//archive//preserve POC history and offer volunteer services? I'm still way too poor to consider finishing with a Masters Degree qualifying me to teach, so any suggestions to productively combine my passion with activism would be appreciated.
You reference an article or book (or perhaps something else) from Jamil Smith in 2015. Do you have a link, or at least a little more info to help me find that? Thanks.
Excellent write-up
Love you guys! Can't imagine how frustrating it is for literal Nazi's to come in with history revisionism constantly with no easy way to combat them without significant time investment. First way to get people on-board with fixing these issues is getting them to understand why they are there.
Excellent work. I especially like the encouragement to give to charity as opposed to a reddit award. Much obliged.
>That pattern exists because despite every act of police brutality, and even despite protests following individual acts, white America’s preference for an "orderly" society has been a higher priority.

White Americans value their own comfort over the lives and rights of nonwhite people.

Many of us whites know someone who will say something along the lines of "both sides are bad" or mention that police violence is somehow in response to hostility from protesters. They'll say something along the lines of "two wrongs don't make a right," or argue that destruction of property is somehow also a serious concern to them.

There are all tactics to hide and disguise the fact that they would rather see minorities suffer for the sake of white comfort than be mildly inconvenienced by it. They would rather pretend brutality is justified than accept that they are complacent, that their refusal to speak up is in part *why* inequality and police brutality happen.

If you know someone who says something like that, make an effort to engage them. Let them know that by asking protesters to back down, by condemning damage to property more than damage to people, and by refusing to fight for change that they are part of the problem. Oppressors will not be overcome with humanity and cease their oppression, equality and humanity must be fought for or lost entirely.

Edit: Since I want to respond to those concerned with my decision to present my argument as I did, I'd like to leave this quote. It comes from Elizabeth Rice discussing how content creators could and should engage with the protests, but their words, I believe, are better than mine in this case.

&#x200B;

>**Do NOT tone police those who are marginalized.**  
>  
>I cannot put into words how frustrating it is to see creators criticize black people and other marginalized groups for how they choose to go about advocating for their rights. Watch out for people saying things like "violence is never the answer," "there are better ways to protest," and who use a white-washed version of MLK in order to criticize protesters. These things may sound perfectly reasonable in the abstract, where no context exists, but the reality is that language of positivity and peace has been an active tool of oppression. Not to mention the fact that those sentiments pretend the founding and and development of the United States was a tea party. Black people are literally damned no matter HOW they've protested over the years. If you're a content creator and these are some things you want to say, don't, ESPECIALLY if you don't haven't said a peep about police brutality.
Reddit is a hotbed for racism that is not being attacked. The fact TD still exist just shows where the priorities are.
Thank you for this. I really hope we get more easy to consume media that covers black history across the world. Any podcasts anyone recommends whether it covers history or the current George Floyd Protests?
Just saw r/weddingplanning post their support. So proud!
> stems from the unwillingness of the white majority to step beyond protesting

Is it unwillingness, or an inability to understand what can be done?

What can be done?
Nice job exposing the truth that the US police force has always been a bastion of white supremacy
Thank you!
[deleted]
This is such a heart wrenching post but something we all need to read so we know what we should be learning from our past.
you guys are class acts
Beautifully and thoughtfully written. Thank you for using this platform for something so importantly
Everybody who thinks that the protests right now are unnecessary or excessive needs to read this
Is there somewhere where this is in a format that is more easily shareable on other platforms like Facebook?
Very solid write up, good job OP.
What’s the source on the 1920s women study? I could be blind
Out of curiosity, what fields of history expertise is in the mod team?
thank you for using your platform to speak up!!!!
Any chance this could be shared to IG post/story?  Would make sure to credit!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[X-Post] Reddit's unwillingness to properly contain COVID-19 misinformation is part of a broad trend of inadequate action by the Admins against bad faith actors. We stand with our fellow mod teams in calling on reddit to improve.

Hello everyone,

We are cross-posting this call to the reddit Admins today in solidarity with other reddit communities and mod teams who find themselves continually fighting against misinformation which is being spread on reddit without adequate controls to combat it. While, strictly speaking, this is not an issue of history - although history shows us that it takes group effort and concern for the common good to properly fight back against disease and epidemics - it is a reddit issue, and one which has long been near and dear to our hearts. [We have long been vocal advocates for social media companies to be more mindful of the content they allow on their platforms, and the very real harm that can come from allowing it to spread there](https://slate.com/technology/2018/07/the-askhistorians-subreddit-banned-holocaust-deniers-and-facebook-should-too.html). When it comes to history, this can have serious harms for how people understand the past and how they apply that to the present and future. When it comes to something like COVID-19, this can have serious harms for our very lives.

Reddit has shown time and again that they are slow to act against such threats, and when they do it is never proactively. We join other subreddits in calling on reddit to take decisive action in combatting COVID-19 misinformation on their platform, and more broadly to consider how they can better fight against bad actors who seek to use the site in bad faith to spread hate, lies, and disinformation.

We are sharing this post in the general interest of reddit as a site and community, but for those who wish to discuss this protest further, we encourage you to click through to the main crosspost on /r/vaxxhappened. If you have questions or concerns about our moderation policies, please reach out to us via modmail.

-The Mods
AskHistorians is closing to new posts from 8:30 PM EDT to 12 PM EDT tomorrow to protest the reddit admins' providing a home for hate speech.
AskHistorians is not accepting new posts or responses, in protest against Reddit’s lack of action against racism and hate on the site.

Reddit has announced [its alignment with antiracist protesters](https://twitter.com/reddit/status/1267643352851247106?s=20). We demand to know: where are the actions to back up the words? The Reddit administrators’ policies have made their site downright hospitable to exactly the kinds of racists and fascists against whom it claims to be protesting. 

Every day our sub, which has zero tolerance for such speech, has to remove the kinds of intensely problematic and hateful rhetoric that Reddit has become a safe haven for. For example, questions and answers supporting Holocaust denial forced us to establish a clear policy of immediate deletion, as moderator /u/commiespaceinvader describes [here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/slate.com/technology/2018/07/the-askhistorians-subreddit-banned-holocaust-deniers-and-facebook-should-too.amp).

Reddit has few such qualms. Most recently, the admins' recent attempt to force unmoderated chatrooms on every community would have circumvented our rules and allowed our sub to become just the platform for allowing hate speech that we work every day to prevent—reflecting the admins’ concern for their bottom line above all else. It was subreddits, including AskHistorians, whose protests of that decision made Reddit rescind this particular move towards allowing hate speech.

The /r/AskHistorians mod team has also issued a statement on state violence and white supremacy: [George Floyd was murdered by America: a historian's perspective on the history of U.S. police brutality against Black people](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gvu38i/george_floyd_was_murdered_by_america_a_historians/)

Reddit’s stance is hypocritical. It leaves us no choice but to protest.

~~

*Please--save any money from awards you might give this post. The AskHistorians community asks you to donate it to a charity of your choice that fights for justice for people of color, in your country or around the world.*
In addition, we would like to express solidarity with other subreddits which have chosen to similarly go dark or otherwise temporarily shut down, including r/nfl, r/nba, r/hiphopheads, r/popheads, r/indieheads, r/GoodOmens, r/military, r/Screenwriting, r/XFL, r/DankMemes, r/Music, r/EDM, r/punk, r/DebateAnAtheist, r/polytheism, r/Unexpected, r/AskReddit, r/UNC, r/wallstreetbets, and r/history. Please modmail us if your subreddit ought to be included in this list.

&#x200B;

NOTE: u/Gankom is keeping an up to date list [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gvu38i/george_floyd_was_murdered_by_america_a_historians/fsr1msj?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x).
In addition to the subreddits listed above we would also like to express our solidarity with further subreddits that have decided to shut down and/or take further action: /r/watchpeoplesurvive, /r/witchesvspatriarchy, /r/tax, /r/Screenwriting, /r/chefit, /r/Toyota, /r/malefashionadvice 

Also a shout-out to all the community and city subreddits who have expressed solidarity but can't reasonably shut down at the moment in order to coordinate things in their community such as /r/saltlakemetro and /r/washingtondc
In 30 minutes, at 8:30 PM EDT, /r/AskHistorians will be going dark for one hour in protest of broken promises by the Admins
#Edit IV: It appears the feature has been rolled back from the subreddit, and a few others I checked. ~~We will stay tuned for an official announcement by the Admins, but it looks like we have been successful.~~ And now confirmed by the admins. Thank you everyone for your support over the last 12 hours.

#Edit III: [Check out our excellent AMA today!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gawcy0/im_lincoln_mullen_author_of_the_chance_of/)

We don't want this thread to drown it out.

Edit: I appreciate the irony of posting about the Admins doing something shitty, and then getting gilded for it, but I have plenty of creddits as it is, so please consider donating a like amount to a favorite charity instead. Thanks!

Edit II: This hit all over night. If you are just seeing our community for the first time, [please read the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules) before posting! To see the kind of content produced here, check out our weekly roundup [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/g8euzh/sunday_digest_interesting_overlooked_posts_april/).

----------

Over a year ago, the Admins rolled out chat rooms. It was on an opt-in basis, allowing moderators to decide whether their communities would have them or not. We were told we would always have this control.

Today, that promise was broken, and in the worst way possible. With no forewarning, and [one very hidden announcement](https://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/gacdqy/new_start_chatting_feature_on_reddit/) *not* in the normal channels where such information is announced to mods, the Admins rolled out chat rooms on all subreddits, even those which have purposefully kept chatrooms disabled for various reasons, be it simply a lack of interest, viewing them as not fitting the community vision, or in other cases, covering subject matter they simply don't believe to be appropriate for chat rooms.

But these chat rooms are being done as an end-around of those promises, and entirely without oversight of the moderators whose communities they are being associated with. At the top of our subreddit is an invitation to "*Find people in /r/AskHistorians who want to chat*". This is false advertising though. The presentation by the Admins implies that the chat rooms are affiliated with our subreddit, which is in no way true.

They are not run according to our rules, whether those for a normal submission, or the more light-hearted META threads. We have no ability whatsoever to moderate them, and in fact, it is a de facto unmoderated space entirely, as the Admins have made clear that *they* will be moderating these chat rooms, which is troubling when it can sometimes take over a week to get a response on a report filed with them.

As Moderators, we are unpaid volunteers who work to build a community which reflects our values and vision. In the past, we have always been promised control over shaping that community by the site Admins, and despite missteps at points, it is a promise we have trusted. Clearly we were wrong to do so, as this has broken that trust in a far worse way than any previous undesired feature the Admins have thrust upon us, lacking *any* control or say in its existence, even as it seeks to leverage the unique community we have spent many years building up.

We unfortunately have very few tools available to us to protest, but we certainly refuse to abide quietly by this unwanted and unwelcome intrusion into the space we have worked to build. As such, we are using one of the few measures which is available to us, and will be turning the subreddit private for one hour at 8:30 PM EDT. 

This is *not* a permanent decision by any means. It will be returned to visible for all users one hour from the start, 9:30 PM EDT, but this is one of the very few means available to us to stress to the Admins how seriously we take this, and how deeply troubled we are by what they are doing.

We deeply thank our community members for their understanding of the decision we have taken here, and for everything they have done to help shape this community as it has grown over the years.

The Mods
Thanks for all your amazing work, mods!
This is one of the best moderated spaces I’ve ever seen. Thank you.
Excellent decision. I stopped contributing on a regular basis because I disagree with Reddit's editorial policies, but I still appreciate the hard work that's necessary to keep things running here.
Thank you for having done this. Please keep it up.
The fact that they are pushing these features at a time when misinformation is so prevalent is really troubling. This is bound to become a breeding ground for historical conspiracy theories.

I appreciate your stand for your brand.
Should be dark for a day or longer. Some timezones might not even notice depending on browsing habits. 
 
This sub is a rare moderated gem on reddit. It's a missed opportunity for other subs to join in solidarity.    

*Vive la résistance!*
Totally understandable, and I sympathize.

I’m assuming that when you say the chat is de facto unmoderated, you mean it literally. That really sucks. Especially when you already deal with a subject that attracts more than its fair share of crazies.
#Edit IV: It appears the feature has been rolled back from the subreddit, and a few others I checked. ~~We will stay tuned for an official announcement by the Admins, but it looks like we have been successful.~~ And now confirmed by the admins. Thank you everyone for your support over the last 12 hours.

#Edit III: [Check out our excellent AMA today!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gawcy0/im_lincoln_mullen_author_of_the_chance_of/)

We don't want this thread to drown it out.

Edit: I appreciate the irony of posting about the Admins doing something shitty, and then getting gilded for it, but I have plenty of creddits as it is, so please consider donating a like amount to a favorite charity instead. Thanks!

Edit II: This hit all over night. If you are just seeing our community for the first time, [please read the rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules) before posting! To see the kind of content produced here, check out our weekly roundup [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/g8euzh/sunday_digest_interesting_overlooked_posts_april/).

----------

Over a year ago, the Admins rolled out chat rooms. It was on an opt-in basis, allowing moderators to decide whether their communities would have them or not. We were told we would always have this control.

Today, that promise was broken, and in the worst way possible. With no forewarning, and [one very hidden announcement](https://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/gacdqy/new_start_chatting_feature_on_reddit/) *not* in the normal channels where such information is announced to mods, the Admins rolled out chat rooms on all subreddits, even those which have purposefully kept chatrooms disabled for various reasons, be it simply a lack of interest, viewing them as not fitting the community vision, or in other cases, covering subject matter they simply don't believe to be appropriate for chat rooms.

But these chat rooms are being done as an end-around of those promises, and entirely without oversight of the moderators whose communities they are being associated with. At the top of our subreddit is an invitation to "*Find people in /r/AskHistorians who want to chat*". This is false advertising though. The presentation by the Admins implies that the chat rooms are affiliated with our subreddit, which is in no way true.

They are not run according to our rules, whether those for a normal submission, or the more light-hearted META threads. We have no ability whatsoever to moderate them, and in fact, it is a de facto unmoderated space entirely, as the Admins have made clear that *they* will be moderating these chat rooms, which is troubling when it can sometimes take over a week to get a response on a report filed with them.

As Moderators, we are unpaid volunteers who work to build a community which reflects our values and vision. In the past, we have always been promised control over shaping that community by the site Admins, and despite missteps at points, it is a promise we have trusted. Clearly we were wrong to do so, as this has broken that trust in a far worse way than any previous undesired feature the Admins have thrust upon us, lacking *any* control or say in its existence, even as it seeks to leverage the unique community we have spent many years building up.

We unfortunately have very few tools available to us to protest, but we certainly refuse to abide quietly by this unwanted and unwelcome intrusion into the space we have worked to build. As such, we are using one of the few measures which is available to us, and will be turning the subreddit private for one hour at 8:30 PM EDT. 

This is *not* a permanent decision by any means. It will be returned to visible for all users one hour from the start, 9:30 PM EDT, but this is one of the very few means available to us to stress to the Admins how seriously we take this, and how deeply troubled we are by what they are doing.

We deeply thank our community members for their understanding of the decision we have taken here, and for everything they have done to help shape this community as it has grown over the years.

The Mods

------


For the record, we posted this to /r/ModSupport you can see their response here: https://www.reddit.com/r/ModSupport/comments/gakx26/in_30_minutes_at_830_pm_edt_raskhistorians_will/fp0rp1j
I want to echo what so many others have already said to reinforce the message: strong moderation is what makes this subreddit great. Thank you all for the fantastic work that you do!

I know it is jarring to some at first to see how differently this subreddit is moderated, but people either get used to it and love it... or they leave. Isn't that what Reddit is about, anyway? Sure, the posts on r/history can be interesting sometimes, so I subscribe to that, too. But I know that while r/history is a more "open" discussion for the general public, the content is not the same quality as r/askhistorians. They have different purposes... and that's great!

I'm really happy to see how r/askhistorians have inspired other "r/ask" subreddits like r/askscience or r/askengineers. I don't think any of them are at the level or r/askhistorians yet, but they seem to be making progress towards that! It's excellent to see a space for high-quality content that is discussed with civility and depth.
Reddit’s founders, ownership and admins are bad faith actors without ethics. If not for subreddits like this one with a great community guided by amazing moderators, I would have ditched this site long ago. Thank you guys and gals for all you do!
In 20 years this will be posted again on this sub asking if the admins did anything
This isn't a sub I've ever frequented before, but I saw this in /r/all, and I just wanted to say thank you for speaking up about this BS. I saw the announcement, but I'm not a moderator of anything. just a dude who's had a reddit account for 11 years.

As far as I see *nobody* wants 'new reddit'. Nobody wishes reddit were more like facebook. Nobody is looking to "Chat with other folks who are into your same niche subreddit interests". 

The thing I like about reddit, the thing that's kept me here this long, after Slashdot, and Digg, and all the other attempts at aggregators, is that reddit is straightforward. It does one simple thing and does it well.

I don't need Reddit to be my Facebook. I have a Facebook for that. I don't need it to be image or video hosting platform. I have imgur and youtube for that. I don't need it to be my chat platform. I have Discord, and y'know, IRC and usenet have kind of been a thing for a while. I don't need reddit to be my "influencer platform" or my Uber or my Yelp or my place to mail order Siamese cats or whatever the hell it even is they're trying to be now, because god knows it seems like they're just throwing everything at the wall to see what sticks. 

FFS reddit, just be reddit. It's literally the only thing you're good at, and there's nothing wrong with that.
This has to be one of the most soundly run subs on reddit. I wish I had more to contribute here but I have learned so many amazing, interesting, new things from everyone here and have always appreciated how well it's moderated. Thank you, mods, for all the work you voluntarily do.
This sub is the best moderated sub on reddit. Thanks for what you do just know it is very much appreciated.
I think this is an underreaction. No one is going to notice a sub going offline for an hour. I would look in the r/blog post at some of the other large subs complaining and coordinate a day long blackout. The longer this feature is up, the less likely the admins will be willing to revert it.
Go dark for 24hours, we are with you
Profound. In the contemporary political-media environment, it is strikingly refreshing to see such thoughtfulness and character.
From someone modding elsewhere, thanks for the heads-up.

Our sub is /r/germany, which means that on this site we attract a fair amount of nastiness that has to be moderated quite strictly if we don't want to be a playground for certain nasty people.

Having an unmoderated chatroom on top of the sub (and the *admins* who are supposed to mod it AFAIK consider everything up to and including holocaust denial or incitement to genocide "valuable discussion") is suboptimal, to say the least.
Is this the same issue as why I've been getting notifications to chat with some spam bots recently?  Because that's just a negative all around.
Looks like it's time for askhistorians.com
Can you turn the subreddit dark through CSS unless you're on old.reddit.com, and redirect everyone there? I believe none of the chat features exist on there.
So they're gonna try to turn Reddit into Discord? Morons.
You guys are the best mod team on reddit, bar none. Do whatever you need to ensure you are able to maintain the level of quality this sub deserves. 

Full support, mates.
I think "broken promises" is understating it. That brings to mind something like "we'll implement Feature X sooner or later".

You should've said "blatant lies".

Soon the "everyone on Reddit is a bot except you" will become literal truth.
The firm moderation on this sub makes this the only informational sub I feel like I can trust. Not being a place for bs is the whole damn draw. Can you imagine the level of garbage in an unmoderated chat? Nazi shit posters take over PBS live streams. I can't imagine the actual damage bad people would do to the good discussion that this sub strives to provide
Appreciate it!
Thanks for all your hard work mods! I honestly think this sub is one of the greatest things to come from the internet.
Understanding how different this kind of sub is to "normal" reddit can really help you see the direction the powers that be want to go with the site. 

**TL;DR** -  **Ask Historians is a niche inversion of the reddit platform and isn't a priority for upper management because we aren't that important in the grand scheme of things.**

Most of reddit is about posting content and commenting on it. Each subreddit moderates what kind of content can be posted. But AskHistorians flips this model: the comments ***are*** the content. The thread title just a request for content. This sub has a high bar for quality, just as other subs have their own standards for their content. 

But this kinds of community is an offshoot from the main purpose of the platform. It's more engaging and more receptive to audience growth and revenue generation (this I assume, I don'y know much about this topic beyond I've seen other social media platforms do). This niche use of the reddit platform simply isn't a priority for upper management because we aren't that important in the grand scheme of things.
This is probably the most heavily moderated sub in the entirety of Reddit and this level of moderation is why is so successful.

The job done by you all is amazing and the fact that the admins didn't considered mods (from all the subs) for their decision is a bad choice. You mods are the people running Reddit for free and while I can understand that Reddit has a new feature and wants to evolve but pushing it this way is probably not how things should move.

Hope everything will be sorted out
Nothing I love more than visiting a post and the first and only undeleted comment I see is you guys telling everyone to cool tits until someone who knows what the fuck they are talking about decides to weigh in. The only thing better is getting to revisit that post and find the exact strange historical fact I never asked for. That's why I subscribe. 
This is one subreddit of many that I care about, and if they fuck with the dudes that assure the quality of the shit I'm fed, then they fuck with me! I STAND WITH THE MODS!
As a singular person: appreciate all of your (mods & user) dedication and ethical perseverance.

When I wish to learn, I look towards this sub; the information hete has been an unilaterally excellent, well-sourced, and historically referenced, which is weird for rando internet forums (thanks mods & contributors.) 

Please fight the power that undermines my trust in y'all. I support you!
Wow, if any subreddit is the antithesis of a chatroom, it is this one
Through the diligent work of the mods r/askhistorians has  remained a beacon of quality content on reddit for many years. No sub I know of has been as consistent. I think the readers will support you in whatever you need to keep the sub on track with its mission and retain its high standards.
How frustrating for y'all! I don't contribute much to this sub, but I've come to appreciate your strict rules over time and enjoy reading the results. I hope you get something good from this.
Mods: 🗿
Us normies: we love you
Im with you mods of r/AskHistorians. I understand your objection and it is valid. The promise breaking on the end of Reddit, makes it feel more painfull.

 The groupchat can jeopardize the rules, quality and reputation of this subreddit - and unfortunately, it probably will. I can feel the pain when I see the huge amount of work the mods do around here. 

 The mods of r/AskHistorians are left without say in how the groupchat is conducted: with the possibility that the overall quality of answering history-questions will drop to levels of less-moderated subreddits. The same applies to the possibility that the rules of this subreddit are not followed that can cause serious reputation damage. Altough this counts for every subreddit, these consequences will apply more to tightly moderated like r/AskHistorians.

Edit: in other words, thanks for all the work MODS!
Wow holy crap, they removed your post in modsupport? "Hey here's a sub for support for mods... except it's not, really."
Best mod on Reddit, let alone the internet. Thanks for all the work you put in /u/Georgy_K_Zhukov
Ah yes. This is what successful implementation of a system looks like.

When the first piece of news many users get about it, is literally a thread on one of the most respected parts of the website protesting its implementation.

Good job implementation team.
The moderators on this subreddit are amazing.
>We have no ability whatsoever to moderate them, and in fact, it is a de facto unmoderated space entirely, as the Admins have made clear that *they* will be moderating these chat rooms, which is troubling when it can sometimes take over a week to get a response on a report filed with them.

INB4 Reddit chatrooms are filled with cp and other illegal activity because the admins are in no way capable of monitoring a real time chat service without community involvement and they just alienated the moderating community.
As a mod I think you can kick everyone out of the chat and then lock it while it's empty. At least it looks like I have that option in the sub that I mod where we have had a chat room.
Somewhat new to Reddit but I know good leadership when I see it. Side by side with the content, I keep following this sub because it’s ran so well
Are you guys looking into alternate platforms?
I've used ask historians to get information before, and make a point of gilding the answers. I only do this because of the extremely high quality of responses - something that only a moderation team can keep going. I've opted out of chat because of harrasment already, but to see that they are removing the ability for one of the few high quality subs to maintain itself is worse.

I openly and strongly disagree with mandatory chat, and agree with AskHistorians that it should be disabled or enabled on a sub by sub basis. I am also disgusted by the admin response, and the person responsible should be counselled or forcibly retired.
/r/AskHistorians is one of the last subreddits on this website that hasn’t turned to shit. Admins, don’t fuck this up.
You know, I'm not gonna lie, when it comes to reddit mods, I'm usually in favour if them having *less* power, simply because of how many of them abuse that power.

But r/askhistorians has one of the best moderation teams on reddit.
A one-hour protest is not enough to be noticed - especially not in a sub where it is expected that getting quality replies might take a week or so.

I normally despise protest shutdowns, but hey: shut it down for a day, or even a week.

This sub is probably the #1 reason why I still visit Reddit at all.
This mod team is one of the best on reddit. You guys do a great job.

The reddit admins suck.
[deleted]
Thank You
I'm using old reddit and I don't see any chat link as described.   
  
You can try spamming the chat as a protest.   
No one is going to post in a chat room dominated by nonsense.
What is the easiest way to generate a mountain of work for the admins? Is there a report I can make that will spam their queue?
The best mod team on Reddit deserves to be heard and respected. Hope the admins listen
Why do the admins think they are qualified to moderate discussions in history?
Thank you for your excellent work, and I hope that this leads Admins to rethink this agenda.

Maybe this is overly pessimistic on my part, but: do you think taking the sub down for one hour, one night, will get the traction you need? I don't really know how the optics on such a protest actually affect a company like Reddit, but my gut says that they can probably just... ignore it? Carry on? I hope that's not the case, but I was curious if there was any plan for more compelling action if the current protest is ineffective--taking it down every weeknight during peak hours, for example.
/r/askhistorians will go down in internet history as one of the exemplary possibilities providing global connection allows. Keep doing the great work
I'm using old reddit and forgot there was a chat feature. I have no interest in using it.
Oh wow. I had no idea this was happening. That's too bad.

I'm surprised you're only going dark for an hour. Twenty four hours would be more impractful on my opinion.
Other than upvoting this post, how do I express my support to your point?

And where are these chats? Can I go there and complain somehow?
Oh *great*. I moderate a *very* small local sub on an alt and the way I find out about that is in the middle of the night (MET) in /r/AskHistorians.
Best mods on all of Reddit!
I just felt the need to thank the mods of this sub for the amazing work they do. I don't think anyone could argue that this isn't one of, if not the best moderated subs on reddit.
Welcome, sirs, to the treachery of Reddit. This pestilence has reached you now, I see.
Fuckin finally.

Mods should unironically unionise.
Well. If they want this to become like the history channel then they should fuck off.

Their target audience doesn't know how to read.
+1 thank you for this. As a mod of a few subreddits, I stand by this decision.
What he said
This is the best sub on Reddit and should not be dirtied up by a differently moderated chat room. it is an outrage to the excellence and consistency of r/Askhistorians.
One hour? 

WTF is that supposed to do?
Did I read that right?  The Reddit Admins are moderating chat rooms and every sub now has a chatroom?  

Did Reddit hire thousands of new employee’s or are they just crazy?
I fundamentally disagree with the addition of the chatrooms into this subreddit this flgrently violates the fundimintal putpoise of this subreddit which is to provide researched, comprehensive  and historical answwers for the benifit of the community chatrooms makes this as worse as a social media site.
Start looking for another website to host this sub. Reddit is dying. This sub is one of the last decent places here.
Honest question. Are there any alternatives to Reddit for a place like AskHistorians? I mean, if push comes to shove, where else could we go?
Not trying to be a contrarian but why would this be a problem for this or any other subreddit? Until now I never knew anything about these chat rooms connected to certain subs. Maybe you could put up a sticky that says you have no control or input on the affiliated chat room so readers would understand that is in no way connected to your little corner of reddit.

I will continue to read your posts and enjoy the answers that you give.
Why don't you just make a bot that spams the chatroom so that it is basically disabled? You can also make it autoban every person that uses the chatroom.
If there's one thing I've learned about this sub, it's that you don't fuck with the mods. You guys are bad ass and run a tight ship, and it seems like everyone appreciates it. Keep up the good work!
This sub is a microcosm of the sickness of modern hypercapitalism, and how it has hijacked the Internet.  

On the top we have the megacorp that has provided a tech platform and aggregated the users, and beyond that they really are just parasites.  All of the actual value here is coming from the work of the volunteer mods, who are curating and managing the work of the unpaid volunteer contributors.  

How I wish this sub could exist somewhere independent of the parasites, but then there would be no users.  It is like we are all willing hostages.  

Wish you guys could all be getting paid.  Or, failing that, at least given control of the thing you have put so much effort into creating.
How about CSS in new reddit? And that new reddit wouldn't be made default until it is feature complete. That was like 3 years ago. Pretty sure we can mark that as promise broken.

Oh, and they gave the mods that promise after like 100+ major subs shut down in protests against the redesign.
It's a pandemic... Of course they'll roll out something to keep people glued.
As a long time moderator this agitates me greatly. Many a time have the admins ignored a report I filed with them. If they DO get back its months later. The admins do what benefits their company and expect the volunteer moderators to mop up the mess.

Edit: naughty extra letter
I’m too stupid to participate in anything here but I read it all.
askhistorians.org forum when
Reddit admins really need to stop with uninformed decisions that backfire immensely
I can think of very few spaces IRL or on the internet that are better moderated than this subreddit. Please continue your great work
Can I be an admin please!!
Looks like banned members cannot chat, I suppose you can make a sticky post that using chat will result in a ban until the "feature" is removed.
Can’t believe the admins just rolled this feature out without an opt out feature. But thanks for everything you mods do, this is truly the best sub on the site. I’m glad to see a community where accurate history is taught, and you mods are great help at curating helpful responses to questions. Thank you all for ensuring history is properly represented!
We need to do this with more subs.
The mods, and the quality posters here deserve all the praise we can give! You guys are awesome!
Why not longer? They won't care about a measly hour. Why not go dark for 4hrs or even 6hrs? Do you fear the admins would just replace all the mods (as if you guys are replaceable, haha!) and forcefully reopen it?
Why only one hour? That’s basically nothing
You guys are an example of good mods
Best sub mods on reddit, thank yoy guys.
Reddit's admins seem to be determined to bring the whole site down to the level of lowest common denominator and it's really depressing.   
I fully support the mods of this sub and thank them for doing a great job!
Admins:Let them eat cake.
Reddit has gone so far beyond the damage digg inflicted onto itself before all its userbase left and migrated here in the first place.  How many more crazy admin decisions have to take place before the mass exodus?
Ever seen the admins ban a million+ karma account without allowing an appeal? I have. I've seen 3 accounts (just that I know of) evaporate this way. If you have bought gold but not yet given out out, your money is gone. 

We're not a community and we're not even assets. We're a product.
Thanks mods for all the time and effort. I wouldn't mind a stronger, longer going dark as a signal. I doubt the admins care much.
i hate those and i get chat requests that i cant get to go away.
Way to give one more push towards me moving to stack exchange, reddit. AH is one of the best subs on here.
I don't want to see or hear the chat function on this site. Ever. How though?
We should go dark for an entire 24 hours, not just 1 hour
In Modsupport literally every single mod out there is asking to opt-out.

Literally, nobody asked for this.

Also, thank you to all mods of [r/AskHistorians](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/)
Don't blame you at all and I'd actually say do it longer, or keep doing these shorter ones regularly if they don't give the option to turn ti off. Admins of sites like reddit know when they will piss people off, they don't try to avoid it, they just try to work out how to not piss off too many people at once.
I think if all the moderators got together and striked it would show Reddit how much they really need them. The quality of this site would plummet and people would start leaving in droves
I have a lot of respect for the mods here, keep it up
Those chat rooms will be pumped full of ads. Not worth even looking at. You will also pop in and find people selling stuff too.
You guys run a great subreddit with amazing content from real historians or at least people who are well versed in the subject matter being asked. With that said I support your decision. Hopefully it draws some attention to the matter.
This is the best sub on Reddit, no question about it.

Thank you so much for all the work you do to keep the standard here to the highest level.
Everyone should go to https://new.reddit.com/settings/messaging to turn off receiving chats. Fuck this feature, and fuck the admins.
Best mods on the internet.
Kudos to you guys, the integrity of this sub needs maintained,  one of the few subs where only relevant comments make it. 
I guarantee they never considered that all subs don't need a chat room. Someone thought it was a good idea and they didn't consider it should be an opt-in if they wanted to do it right. 
As simple a change as that, would probably fix everyone's problems. Make every sub have the ability for a chat room, but each sub decides if it's used or not.
Edit: sorry I noticed they did have it that way,  why try to force them? Only thing I reckon is more ad space for sale. 
Reddit sure is a different place than when I first joined almost 9 years ago.
This sub would be complete garbage without the hard work of the subs mods.   It is strict and fair and should be the standard for sub moderating.
I enjoy the carefully moderated content on this subreddit a lot. Thank you and all the contributors for your wonderful work!
I really appreciate this sub’s honesty and integrity. I know you guys work hard and that’s reflected in the quality posts and answers. 

I’m sorry y’all have to go through this.
This is the best subreddit on reddit.  Period. Thank you mods for all you do.
Thanks for fighting the good fight!
One of the best mod teams out there hands down. Keep up the great work!
This is the definition of the rich have more power than the unpaid. Most of the firefighters during the 2019-2020 Australian bushfires were volunteers and contributed to almost all of the work even with limited resources by the government and most of the volunteers died for protecting their homes.

This is the same as the Reddit power system. The mods do all the work with limited resources by the admins.
You guys are amazing. I would follow you to a post-reddit location
Admins better listen 

This is there letter to king George III

They don't want this to get to Lexington .
This place is great. Thank you so much mods.
100% on your side mods! Never thought I’d say that though ;)
This is the best community on reddit. Bless the mods
Today you learn valuable lesson. You’re not “part of the team” at Reddit. Nobody cares at Reddit what your vision is. You, and the community, are the product. You’re to be sold.
[deleted]
Wait so what happened again? They broke a promise and are muting chats? F
What’s wrong with allowing commentary of subreddits through chat with other users?
Whoa....strange to see a post on this sub with actual comments that haven't been deleted!
Edit: I was seeking context, and two excellent responses provided it. My initial question is below. I figure some others may also be missing a bit of the context.

I get the frustration to some extent, but isn't this also the sort of thing you can just ignore? I would also be annoyed, and I get that you can't moderate in there at all. I really appreciate how this sub is normally moderated.

But in some ways... I don't know, this seems like a real side band form of communication. I have no interest in it and will likely never see what it is like. For me it may as well not exist.

Is it just annoying having a big ugly thing on your sub that you aren't interested in, or are you worrying it will change the dynamics of the actual sub, or maybe cause a drop in discussion in the non chat parts?

The way I look at it, it's like you have a house. Someone just built a new house next door and it's going to be a full frat party 24/7 and that's just the worst. But it's also perfectly soundproofed and visually isolated except seeing it from the curb. Whatever idiocy is happening is in this black box you never need to open. It's next to your house, but not part of it.

I don't really have a strong opinion on this because like a lot of stupid things reddit does, I see it as easy enough to ignore. I still use the old site format. Is there something I'm missing, or is it mainly the outrage at them breaking faith with you in doing something they said they would not? That's a reasonable thing to be upset about, also, but I'm just wanting to make sure I understand what the scope of the issue is.
So you're mad that the community can chat amongst themselves without your intervention? What a joke. Are you pretending that if the chat is not to your taste that people will be too stupid to tell that the same subreddit is still the same and abandon?


"unwelcome intrusion into the space we have worked to build."

If by intrusion you mean you still have the same control over the same things you always had, then yes.
This is a serious bummer. This corner of the internet is probably the one I get the most value from — it inspires me to think the most, gives me so much information, ach. You all are awesome.
You guys remember when spez got caught doctoring a users comment and then just said he was sorry. This site is a propaganda machine. I love this sub and I always have. You guys do a great job.
Can someone explain like I'm 5 why this is a bad thing?
[deleted]
This is so lame 😂
That is utterly ridiculous! I hate to hear this. This was one of the very first subs I subscribed to when I came to Reddit. I am happy with the way things are, and don't want anything to disturb this place. Thank you all for what you do, and I'm sorry this is happening to you. Much love and mad respect.
People are finally realizing that your sub rules don't matter. Reddit owns everything and can do whatever they want.
Nice sentiment but an hour lmao?
Just one hour? Why not go private until the decisions reversed?
my god this one is too real.
Tfw ppl still respect Reddit Admins hahahahahaha
Try going at it for more than one hour, one hour won't do shit.
At least you’re in the food category.
I understand and support the effort but I think a greater period than 30 minutes will be needed.
I remember when the Victoria IAMA scandal and mass subreddit protests happened, a lot of subs went private in protest, but eventually came back as admins supposedly made promises to improve things. What happened with that? What was promised, and did admins actually improve things back then?
Don’t get in the way of data harvesting and ads.
Oh yes, but only under protest.
You're learning the hard way that it's your community but it's their website. You are donating your time for their financial gain. Your community is for profit but not yours, nor the community members.
Reddit Moment
Askhistorians has a policy of zero tolerance for genocide denial
The Ask Historians moderation team has made the commitment to be as transparent as possible with the community about our actions. That commitment is why we offer [Rules Roundtables](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/faq/meta#wiki_rules_discussion) on a regular basis, why we post explanations when removing answers when we can, and why we send dozens of modmails a week in response to questions from users looking for feedback or clarity. Behind the scenes, there is an incredible amount of conversation among the team about modding decisions and practices and we work hard to foster an environment that both adheres to the standards we have achieved in this community and is safe and welcoming to our users.

One of the ways we try to accomplish this is by having a few, carefully crafted and considered zero-tolerance policies. For example, we do not tolerate racist, sexist, homophobic, ableist, or antisemitic slurs in question titles and offer users guidance on using them in context and ask for a rewrite if there’s doubt about usage. We do not tolerate users trying to doxx or harass members of the community. And we do not tolerate genocide denial. 

At times, genocide denial is explicit; a user posts a question challenging widely accepted facts about the Holocaust or a comment that they don’t think what happened to Indigenous Americans following contact with Europeans was a genocide. In those cases, the question or comment is removed and the user is permanently banned. If someone posts a question that appears to reflect a genuine desire to learn more about genocide, we provide them a carefully written and researched answer by an expert in the topic. But at other times, it’s much less obvious than someone saying that a death toll was fabricated or that deaths had other causes. Some other aspects of what we consider genocide denial include:

* Putting equal weight on people revolting and the state suppressing the population, as though the former justifies the latter as simple warfare
* Suggesting that an event academically or generally considered genocide was “just” a series of massacres, etc.
* Downplaying acts of cultural erasure considered part of a genocide when and if they failed to fully destroy the culture

Issues like these can often be difficult for individuals to process as denial because they are often parts of a dominant cultural narrative in the state that committed the genocide. North American textbooks for children, for instance, may downplay forced resettlement as simply “moving away”. Narratives like these can be hard to unlearn, especially when living in that country or consuming its media.

When a question or comment feels borderline, the mod who notices it will share it with the group and we’ll discuss what action to take. We’ve recently had to contend with an uptick in denialist content as well as with denialist talking points coming from surprising sources, including members of the community. We have taken the appropriate steps in those cases but feel the need to reaffirm our strong stance against denial, even the kind of soft denial that is frequently employed when it comes to lesser known instances of genocide, such as “it happened during the course of a war” or “because disease was involved no campaign of extermination took place.”

We once again want to reaffirm our stance of zero tolerance for the denial of historical atrocities and our commitment to be open about the decisions we, as a team of moderators, take. For more information on our policies, please see our previous Rules Roundtable discussions [here on the civility rule](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/4ijkk9/rules_roundtable_10_civility_and_debating_with/), [here on soapboxing and moralizing](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/4eb8kr/rules_roundtable_9_soapboxing_moralizing_loaded/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/h8aapg/rules_roundtable_xvi_asking_uncomfortable/) on asking uncomfortable questions.
Thank you for your strong stance on this issue. It's incredibly disconcerting that it even needs to be said.
I wish all of reddit were as ethical. Thank you.
Quite a few questions are being asked here, and it can be hard to find *your* question even if it has been asked several times. We aren't going to answer the same question a dozen times, so if you are asking something already answered, you likely will not *personally* get a response.

#As such, **Please Consult This List** to see if your question has already been raised and responded to:

* If your question is "What about [Armenian genocide/Rwandan genocide/Bosnian genocide/etc.]?" the answer is almost certainly going to be yes. Those mentioned in the OP are not exclusive, and this rule almost certainly covers whatever genocide you are thinking of. It also covers atrocities which aren't *always* labeled genocide, but are entirely agreed to have happened. Discussions about intentionality and scope *which occur within the academy* are generally allowed here, as they aren't based on denial of the underlying, agreed upon facts, which is what denialism focuses on. This is addressed at a few points, including [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxnk58e/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxndn6w/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxnrxxn/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxnodjo/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxnmb0g/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxni2yo/).
* If your question is about something going on *recently* and whether it qualifies as genocide, or how we'd handle denial of it, ask again in ~20 years. For now, that is off the table due to our 20 Year Rule, so a moot point.
* If you want to know more about Genocide studies, see [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxn3bhr/).
* If you are concerned about users who are honestly confused but asking in good faith, this is addressed [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxmys66/).
* If you are concerned about free speech and the stifling of open debate, please see [this explanation of the reasoning](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxo7ey0/) or [also here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxmt7we/), and [here if you specifically think upvotes should decide](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hp5zw0/askhistorians_has_a_policy_of_zero_tolerance_for/fxng5ng/).

If you are asking a question that is essentially of those already answered, again, it likely will be removed and unanswered. We don't need 10 more people asking the same question which has already been answered several times. If you have *further* questions, please consider engaging with one of the answers already present in the thread.

Edit: *Seriously*, people, read this post first and stop asking if the Armenian genocide is included in this policy... *Of course it is!*
It took me a while to get my head round seeing posts removed quickly,  however I became to understand and appreciate that false information or information poorly referenced can do more damage than good.

Without doubt my favourite subs, partly due to the moderators doing an ace job and because some of the questions are bizarrely brilliant
To add to a reply I've made to the moderators, genocides in smaller or lesser-recognised countries are often not given the same nomenclature. What is the community's policy for those instances? 

Secondly, a somewhat recent series of incidents in my country of origin have been termed as riots and pogroms alternatively, depending on how the exercise of state power, it's complicity and one's access to information and the news sources they trust (due to the prevalence of what's popularly termed "fake news") 

What happens in cases like these that are situated in history for our time? Where there are competing narratives and the situation is not as clear as something like the Holocaust?
What is the breadth of the rule?  I assume the Holocaust and Indigenous America are probably the most common topics for which this rule comes into play, but are not the exclusive topics for which it might apply.  

I am curious if there are any other instances of genocide, or even acts of genocide, to which this rule has been or is more often applied?
Thank you for this. Thank you to all you moderators for your hard work. You are making this a good place to visit.
Can the Zanzibar Revolution of 1964 be considered a genocide?
What about events which historians still argue whether they qualify as genocide? Taking two examples from opposite sides of the spectrum: The Holodomor and The Bengal Famine.
Wasn't it already the case? What's new? Is there an event that pushed you to improve the rules?
Bloody good call. Fuck those fuckers
A great post considering today is the 25th Anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre/genocide. Thanks, mods.

>Putting equal weight on people revolting and the state suppressing the population, as though the former justifies the latter as simple warfare



>Suggesting that an event academically or generally considered genocide was “just” a series of massacres, etc.



>Downplaying acts of cultural erasure considered part of a genocide when and if they failed to fully destroy the culture


With these 3 examples, I'm unsure whether this post was specifically directed at Armenian Genocide denial, or my countrymen just uses every generic bullshit argument in the book.

If a question is allowed, TTK's (Turkish Historical Society) official position on Armenian genocide is the 2nd example IIRC. They accept there were massacres but they don't accept the term "genocide". 

Would you say that the historians in TTK are actually consider it that way, or they just can't officially accept the term genocide due political pressure?


Edit: As a note to first example, I always found it funny how Armenian Genocide denialists use it constantly. The levels of hypocrisy and cognitive dissonance is unbelievable, they say Armenians deserved to die because there were Armenian separatists demanding independence and a national sovereignty of their own, then go on and glorify the concepts of independence and national sovereignty when it comes to the discussion of Turkish independence war.
This is the best-modded sub on Reddit imo. Keep up the good work.
Can we get a pin of automod of common points like links to basic UN definitions, or points like genocide is based on intent, nit on successfullness or lack thereof, or a lost of commonly accepted genocide?
As a fellow historian (specifically of late 20th century technology and culture) the value of this transparency and clear recording of processes is so valuable. The subreddit's content is a fantastic historical resource for future students of our present, because users can see so much of what is going on. 

Also, I'm delighted to see so much support for this stance. Defending fact has seldom been more important.
In this age of “alternative facts” and revisionist narratives, thank you for maintaining common sense. It is however, saddening, to see the need for you to post this.
Is there a zero tolerance policy for pogrom denial as well? I've seen too many people on the internet justify the various pogroms of the 19th and 20th centuries.
I almost never post here because I’m so busy learning from people who know more than me.

This sub has got to be the best modded one on reddit, so thank you for setting *and keeping* such high standards.
As a Indigneous Woman living in Canada, this post brings me hope and honestly brings me to tears. I've heard time and time again this narrative of denial on our ancestral land, and as it can be extrememly distressing because there are still injustices and atrocities committed today. The struggle is not over, but knowing that there are others out there supporting and educating makes me feel like there is a way to true reconcilaiton. 

Pinamaya
Thank you.
[removed]
A good and right decision! I myself focused on fascism during my history studies and during work for different media outlets in Germany I was often enough confronted with Holocaust deniers and their disgusting relatives and I am sick of them. Those people have no interest in a honest discussion about history they only want confermation for their own sick world view.
This is — and by a wide margin — the highest quality sub on Reddit specifically because the moderation team is so darn good.
Thank you for the principals you hold as a mod group and I find the point of taking even failed attempts at cultural erasure to denialism to be particularly nuanced and important. The cultural erasure element of genocide gets almost completely left out of conversations around genocide in the wider public despite how generationally destructive those attempts are. Perhaps that’s just my own anecdote living in the U.S.
Good, the integrity of this sub must be maintained. History is important to us all and the facts and evidence of events are important, but pseudo history, like Holocaust denial is outright dangerous.
Only recently did I discover the Confederacy only lasted 4 years, I'd assumed it was maybe 20 or so at least, especially given the impact on modern day America. But its important to note the truth, which this sub aims to do very well in my opinion. 
Keep up the good work mods. I feel coming here I will get a reliable answer, with sources to any question.
As someone of Assyrian and Armenian descent, specifically survivors of the Genocide...thank you.
As it should be.
I have some questions about what happened to Indigenous Americans that I hope will not be construed as denialism, but a potential opportunity for me to unlearn a narrative.

First, Raphael Lemkin originally coined the term “genocide” and defined it as “a coordinated plan of different actions aiming at the destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups, with the aim of annihilating the groups themselves.” Is this the definition of genocide that you’re using?

If so, what indications are there that what happened to indigenous Americans was “coordinated” and that there was an “aim of annihilating the groups?” Again, to be clear, I’m not trying to deny it was a genocide, I just don’t know this information. Also, when did this genocide start and end?
Does this count clarifying between genocide and a cultural genocide?

For example, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada described the Residential School System  as cultural genocide. Does this rule count clarifying it was a cultural genocide as genocide denial?
Time and again, and seemingly without fail, the moderators of this subreddit have proven to be the very best of this site. Thank you for your continuing exceptional service in keeping this sub such a beacon of integrity and factuality.
The denial of the Armenian Genocide has been practiced for too long already, thank you for taking this stance!
Good. Thank you.
Well done mods. Keep up the good work.
Are the wars in the Vendée considered genocide? There is much heavy debate on the topic in France.
This was enlightening because it also points out that the historians that work to educate here, be they Honest enthusiasts or degreed scholars, know the nuances behind these complex issues.  Many of us, myself included, may be misinformed on an issue enough that we need to either learn more on an issue or perhaps reflect on something we already thought was true.  There’s nothing wrong with being corrected or needing more info.   Deniers of atrocities or folks that want to claim something erroneous To fit a narrative not shared by history and fact should be corrected like this.  

Thanks, AskHistorians.
Wait was this not already a policy or are you just cranking it up a notch? Either way, I wholeheartedly support this policy!
This is by far the most well moderated, healthy sub on reddit. The rest of this toxic ass platform should take note. Thanks r/AskHistorians
Forthright and understandable moderation is the hallmark of askhistorians.

Thank you.
Thank you for taking such a strong stand on this issue
Thank you so very much for taking a strong stance.
Thank you for this. I just want to use this thread to tell the mods of askhistorians they're doing a great job in general. And I fully agree with this policy to.
Thank you for all the moderation effort and your moral integrity
What about events which seem to lack a clear consensus, such as the Holodomor?
Amazing! There is a reason why this sub is so brilliant. Thank you guys for all your hard work!
Would it be allowed to ask a question about for example the start of genocide denial? So i dont mean that i agree with its content but that i am just curious  about its origin.
Snapshot52 and Commiespaceinvader. Thank-you for your hard work and articulate answers on this thread.
You guys are awesome
Thank you for this. My wife has Armenian ancestry and has struggled even in formal academic settings with marginalization of her own voice and history.

It means a lot knowing I can come to this sub to genuinely learn from passionate people and read well researched, serious and grounded posts. The standard set here is maintained vigorously and it is reflected in the quality of discussions.
Today is the 25th Anniversary of the Srebrenica Genocide. Thank you for posting this.
But it IS complex sometimes, no? 

For example the British rule of India. I personally think there were some genocidal tendencies there, and not what you would call in your post "just a series of massacres". But I'm sure there are heavy discrepancies between how events are portrayed in British vs Indian history books. 

Armenian Genocide. It think we can all agree it was a genocide. However, imagine a Turk, growing up in Erdogan's Turkey. That person will probably not think it was (not because he is a racist/genocide denier, but because that is how it was shown in his history books, and he doesn't know any better. Brainwashed). 
The point is some people can be unwittingly denying a genocide and therefore there must be some manoeuvre room in formulations if we are to educate people. 

Regarding the Americas. There is it also complex. No doubt there were deliberate elimination of populations. But depending on the geographical area and the timeline, a lot of deaths were due to Europeaons coming with their microbes and viruses that the natives weren't immune to. In such cases, millions died, but it wasn't on purpose. And a genocide per definition must have agency, be done on purpose.

My concern is just for proper discussions to be had and education, there must be room for manoeuvre in formulations. Also not everyone is skilled at communication, but can have a good heart, and would be a shame if their curiosity was destroyed because of improper and misinterpreted formulations.

And I'm not talking about the obvious cases like "pfff the holocaust was a hoax".
When I was in highschool I asked my history teacher about Holocaust deniers. Basically, I couldn't wrap my head around how someone could just disregard or not believe it happened when we have all the evidence. 

He paused and considered the whole class. Usually he was a jovial light hearted guy but something shifted. 

Maybe it had something to do with how parts of the class laughed, like "lol, how dumb do you have to be to not believe the Holocaust." kinda laughed. 

But my teacher said that it was a good question, and it's serious. If we ever met someone who would admit to denying the Holocaust, it would be in our best interest to distance ourselves from them as much as possible because those are not the people we would want to be associated with. 

Without knowing the significance of it then, it's still a message that had stuck with me for the last decade or so.
Thank you
This continues to be the best modded sub on Reddit, thank y'all so much for that
Cheers to the best subreddit.  Never forget the victims of every genocide.
The moderation team and its iron-clad rules are one of the strongest assets of this sub. You have created a very positive learning environment here. This reaffirming of the sub's stance on genocide denial is another example of the mods here making sure this is a welcoming environment for everyone. I appreciate your work a lot. <3
The sub has by far the best moderation on reddit. Thank you.
Good.  Hats off to you, sir.
This subreddit has the best moderation I've ever seen in any online community of any sort. It's hard for me to put into words how much I appreciate it. I'm sure that a lot of people can relate to my experience of being interested in history online; people often push terrible, untrue narratives about history to justify nationalist or otherwise malicious ideologies using clever language that takes A LOT longer to debunk than it does to spew, and it can be disconcerting or even straight-up literally depressing to watch it unfold.

Seeing this hardline stance and the clarity with which askhistorians demands questions and answers be approached is so refreshing.
Thank you. As someone who has Armenian heritage, this means a lot to me. I appreciate your stance. What happened to my great-grandfather coined the term, and it doesn't make sense to me when people deny that it happened.
Thank you very much for you strong commitment to keeping this community respectful and open. Do you gave a collection or something similar for questions about the Holocaust and its remembrance?
Without any interest in genocide denial, but an interest in keeping wary of shifts toward "wrong think" policing...
Don't the rules already create grounds for deleting these types of posts anyway?

Like why not let genocide denial be answered to, and rebuffed by a simple high standard of quality material? Why act in fear in the face of these posts, rather than let the historians assumably answering questions here, answer with evidence of the genocide with an audience?
[deleted]
Reddit, especially since the PRC took a stake in the company last year, has always been a bastion of pro-Chinese propaganda. I have a few sockpuppet accounts marked who spend a lot of time pushing anti-Tibet, anti-Taiwan, anti-Japan, anti-Muslim, anti-Tiananmen Square, and pro-Chinese military stuff pretty transparently. And they are quick to comment on literally anything Tibetan-adjacent just to make sure the word "slave" is brought up in the context of pre-Communist Tibet, or more ideally to associate the Dalai Lama with slavery. It's probably the most common question on this sub regarding Tibetan related issues, with the usual implication being that what the PRC did in Tibet is justified because the Tibetans (and specifically the Dalai Lama) had slaves (or alternatively, that they ruled a "feudal" or "caste" society). It's a topic I've written extensively on here, and take some pride in being able to explain with sources and nuance that it's a non-sequiter (i.e. just because a society has injustices does not cancel their right to sovreignty or self-determination) and that the situation on the ground is not as cut-and-dry as propaganda would make it seem. 

That said, I try not to get involved in that discussion outside of r/AH *because* almost no other sub has the same kinds of rules that r/AH has, and probably as a result of that, I pretty much never see these kinds of sock puppets posting on r/AH because they know what they're slinging is propaganda that doesn't hold up to academic scrutiny. In fact there are multiple academic studies done (not as much in history, but in poli sci, law, and international relations) done regarding the legal issues and sovreignty issues that the PRC has a hard time answering with anything other than "well we have the guns, we have the power." Which is fundamentally what the politics of genocide are about. 

Anyway, I really appreciate r/AH's standard on this topic. I frequently forward articles from r/AH about genocide denial for people who (in one of the darker turns of history) deny *denialism* as a topic that is either real or dangerous.
Don’t take this the wrong way but if it is a question wouldn’t it be better to leave it and answer it truthfully to educate both the person who asked and others who could possibly also have the wrong idea about these events? Obviously this doesn’t apply to the racial slurs, that is unacceptable
This is why I keep coming back to this community for answers. This is the strictest subreddit I know about and I LOVE it. History is important, accurate history even more so. Thanks for your work.
Genocide deniers the most hilarious breed of morons
as far as I am concerned, you are the best sub on reddit, and the best mods.
Y’all are top notch. Keep it up.
As someone who feels like a total monkey-brain when y'all post your excellent answers... Thank you for your conviction. This is practically the only sub where I legitimately feel confident in the content, every. Single. Time. I love it. I love that I have to wait for vetted answers, and that even your power-users are held to incredibly high standards. 

Honestly more subs could take some cues from y'all. For years you've been consistently ethical, issues-based, and unbiased. As an American who is sick of polarization and side-taking... Boy howdy is it nice to just read facts and history without a slant. 

Thank you all for maintaining the decorum, class, and the free exchange of ideas while still taking out the trash. It's a fine line, but y'all walk it beautifully.
Perhaps this is the wrong place to say this, but once upon a time I asked why the sub's civility rule mentioned the Holocaust by name, and did not issue a sweeping disclaimer against all genocide denial. The answer I received was that, as has already been mentioned throughout the thread, there are 1) endlessly many genocides and 2) even more events whose genocide status is open to scholarly debate. Especially after reading all the other replies, I can see the argument that a definitive 'genocide list' is bound to be rife with errors. Either way, I'm very glad to see that the terminology has been generalized. I think it makes more people feel welcome here. Thank you for always making AH better.
Thank you for this. There are 10 stages of genocide and number 10 is denial, we can’t let those who commit genocide get away with it in the history books. 

I love this sub because the posts are incredibly thorough and professional, thanks to all of the historians who share their knowledge.
What about when the line between Genocide and ethnic cleansing(pretty terrible in and of itself) isn’t always clear?
As usual thanks for the transparency. It’s sad that it feels like you all have to issue a clarification of this rule but I’m glad the rule exists.
This sub has one if the best mod teams that i sub to.
Thank you for addressing this, but it’s honestly ridiculous that this is still something that exists. People are fucking awful.
Hasn't /r/AskHistorians always enforced this zero-tolerance rule about genocide and Holocaust denial?
Ask Historians continues to impress me with it's content and the incredible level of professionalism the mods show in pretty much everything they do. Thank you for the work you all do.
As someone who's grandfather liberated a camp used in genocide of the Holocaust and never got over what he saw during his entire life to his death in the 2000s, I thank you.
>Putting equal weight on people revolting and the state suppressing the population, as though the former justifies the latter as simple warfare

That's a rather broad definition that could apply to many events. Moreover, both the people revolting and the people in the state or whatever part of it typically claim to be the legitimate leaders of the population.

So for example giving an overview of the viewpoints held by every different faction or side in such a conflict would "put equal weight on" them, but I don't see why that would be problematic since it's just an informative list. It would be much more problematic to a priori choose one side to be legitimate and neglect the others.

So where is the limit of this guideline?
It is such a sad situation that a genocide denial rule needs to exist but considering where we are, i appreciate the mod team for making and enforcing it. Thank you.
Congratulations, this strict moderation is what makes this one of the best subreddits, keep it going!
Thank you mods, for working so diligently on this, and for ensuring this subreddit’s quality
Thank you mods for your commitment and constant credibility. We appreciate you !
Definitely appreciate such a stance in these times. Kudos to the mods of one of my favorite subs.
Thank you from the great granddaughter of Armenian genocide survivors.
As a moderator of r/historymemes, I for sure understand how you guys can get fed up with all the genocide denial. Keep it up guys, this subreddit is one of the few places I can go where I want to claw my eyes out at the content.
askhistorians is one of the greatest curated spaces on the internet. 

the fact that you can maintain this standard within the current state of reddit, is remarkable.
As you should. Good on you mods for recognizing genocide and excommunicating those who seek to bury it.
Thank you for sharing this. I own a Discord server that has a channel for political discussion, and it has helped me and my moderators immensely in cutting through bullshit and figuring out when to ban people who don't go all the way to swastika avatars and racial slurs.
Good. I appreciate this sub’s refusal to bow to the wishy washy relativism and “both-sides are right” horse shit that pervades this site.
This is one of the best moderated subreddits
Just one of the many reasons why this is the best sub on all of Reddit.
This sub is constantly outperforming others, Thankyou!
[deleted]
this is why I love you and this is my favorite place on the internet
Big thanks to this team, as usual
Does the mod team track stats on which genocides are most frequently or heavily denied on this sub? I’d be interested in seeing how actively certain parts of history are denied.
[deleted]
This was recommended to me by reddit.

As a german myself, it hurts to see that this is a point that has to be made in this day and age.

It was real, it's a thick black spot in our countries history, but we stick to it, because this way we make sure, this never repeats itselfs, at least in this country.
You guys are the kind of people we need more in this world, no idea how you are able to keep your cool and not only thinking but rather implementing ethical aspects of community moderations. Pretty sure when the great sci-fi minds of the past were thinking about utopian versions of the internet, they had something like this in mind.
Thank you. Your moderation team is the best in class here on  reddit. Keep up the stellar work.
Nothing of substance to say, just want to say thanks as always for putting in so much effort and careful consideration into maintaining such a high quality atmosphere in this subreddit!
As a Conservative/ Libertarian, i see too many of my fellow subscribers exhibiting this behaviour.

Its not even the fact that they are inherently racist, but that they just have a need to question the narrative much like Moon Landing denialist.

They have nothing to gain either way in their attempts to prove that certain atrocities didnt happen.

Its childish behaviour that needs to be grown out of for the sake of maturity, sanity and most of all dignity.
Thank you. This sort of stuff is why you are always my example of why and how Reddit can be a good place.
Does this extend to the Armenian genocide? Because I know there's a lot of Turks who deny it and it's shameful.
Nice to see this on the anniversary of genocide in Bosnia.
Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!

This is literally  the first thing I've read online in weeks that didn't make me want to ram a brick wall with my head.
Thank you so, so, *SO* very much both for these rules and this subreddit in general. Unquestionably the best sub on the site.
Im all for this. Genocide denial has no place in any serious conversation on history.
Thank you all for taking clear and solid stances on specific issues like this, I especially appreciate the third point about the degree of cultural erasure, which has become an unfortunately common point of “debate” in Canada recently. 

I apologize if I have misunderstood your previous comments, but I am unclear about the position on events where the scholarly opinion is genuinely split. Specifically the 1930s Ukrainian Famine (Holodomor), which is subject to ongoing debate within the field of genocide studies. Would such cases still be subject to this rule?
Dear Moderators, I would highly appreciate if you strongly punish denial of Armenian Genocide also. While the Holocaust and other genocides you mentioned, are known in general, very few people heard about the Armenian Genocide, making it easier to manipulate on the topic. Sadly, Despite the overwhelming historical evidence Turkish government still encourages denial propaganda.

Edit: I see you already discussed the topic in the thread. Thanks you for being rational and objective. Nowadays, its hard to find historians  free from propaganda and politics.
If there's any subreddit I trust the most it's definitely this one. I've seen you guys delete every comment on a thread but the most accurate one. If only we could have the ability to trust every subreddit like that.
You're doing Gods work
I've been lurking in this sub a while, and I do appreciate knowing there is a good mod team. I do wish that this point didn't need to be made, however.
It is good you take this stance. What about denial of The Holodomor? I come across it it places like historymemes. People claim it either didn't happen or it was exaggerated and sometimes someone will claim to go as far as anyone who was killed deserved it. It's frightening how widespread it's gotten on this site.
Am always impressed here.
Historical integrity is paramount to telling the stories of all people, oppressed/erased or otherwise. Thank you mods for your continued ethical integrity, which in turn has continued to make this, in my opinion, one of the most well-curated subs on the site. Hats off to you all!
Thank you. This is the best run sub on reddit.
❤️
***THANK YOU. ***
This continues to be the best sub on Reddit.
The best moderated sub on reddit. Bar none.

The mods on in this sub rock.

And thank you for taking a firm stand on this matter.
As part of the Armenian-American diaspora (a few generations deep) - appreciate this post, and thanks for all the wonderful work y'all do in this sub. It's excellent.
You must have been doing a good job moderating already because as a pleb who only sees what makes it to r/all, I can't say I've seen much of this going on.

Either way, good on you, and thank you.
Not too much to add, just want to say thank you for making this clear. It's reassuring that you take things like this so seriously and it really makes this place a wonderful resource and place to learn. Keep up the good work!
I hope this also counts for the Armenian Genocide!
Truth can only prevail if lies aren't tolerated. Thanks for working so hard to keep this sub the way it is.
Good on you fine people
I cannot agree more with this stance. Bravo to the mods for committing to it.
This is why we love this sub. Thank you.
I appreciate your transparency on all of the zero tolerance policies. I am also grateful that youbhave taken this position in regards to genocide. Its all part of what makes this an excellent sub.
How is the treatment of the Hmong under Pathet Lao rule regarded?
I wish all of reddit were as ethical.
Well done mod team absolutely keep up the good work. 

 Denialism always comes from arguments that are in bad faith.  The least of their sins is bad history, at worst it’s attempts to sow seeds of doubt to lead others towards ideology that wants to repeat those genocides.  We as historians and history enthusiasts cannot let lies poison the truth of historical record.
Good work. Thank you.
I appreciate this rule, as someone who was definitely taught denialism of the Genocide of American Indians/Indigenous peoples and had to learn better. Experts taking a clear and authoritative line on it makes it harder to argue with the truth, not easier to dismiss it. 

Thanks for all the work you do daily!
It’s fantastic to see a community on Reddit with a clear moral position as opposed to endlessly equivocating and acting like centrism between hate and tolerance is somehow a “neutral” position to take. Know that the community of true history fans as opposed to those here just to spread their vile lies fully stand behind you and appreciate your creating a space of truth in a time where we need it more and more.
Y'all are amazing!
I honestly do not understand how that is something that can be denied or even debated. The defining lines arent muddied, they are pretty clear. X amounts of deaths via cause(s) that were instigated by a single person or group

Edit: lol I have no idea why this would get down voted. But I stand by it
Thanks for reinforcing this. It's worrying that you're seeing an uptick in denial posts.
Still the best moderated and on-topic sub. I applaud this decision, and all decisions the askhistorians team has made in recent months.


Bravo!
Good on ya for being so thorough and transparent in this.
[removed]
Thank you, Mods! I absolutely love the policy and appreciate the time you took to clarify your criteria with bullet points, examples, and detailed answers to so many questions! It is clear that this all a labor of love for you. 

May I just offer one small suggestion? 
When you delete a post for violating the policy, would you be consider posting a response along the lines of, “This post has been deleted. For more information, please see the following,” followed by links to your posts of genocide denial? (eg. your Monday Madness posts on fighting Holocaust denial or denial of the Native American genocide)

ETA: 


My concern is that bad faith actors who have their posts deleted will screenshot their deleted posts here and post to other subs and say things like, “Look, I just posted a SIMPLE questions and these folks weren’t even willing to engage in a debate with me! They just deleted me! What are they so afraid of, if they’re so confident that this happened?” 
While I don’t think such a person deserves a debate, I also worry about the impressionable people (especially young people) in the company of bad-faith actors who might think, “Maybe this denier has a point.” However, if you respond to their deleted post to with links to information... The bad faith actor probably won’t care, but the person on the fence just might.
Damn fucking right
Thank you so much for this. This is such an important and vital policy.
Thank god, a sub of quality
Thank you everyone who supported us the past day. The Admins have listened and removed the unmoderated Chat feature from the site. We deeply appreciate the support of our readers and the wider mod community who stood with us.
#For those who missed the excitement, [see this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gakw51/in_30_minutes_at_830_pm_edt_raskhistorians_will) (It is temporarily removed as we don't want two META threads at the top of the sub. This, ironically, just means actual questions get less attention which we of course don't want!!)

#We return to our regular content now, [so please don't miss out on this excellent AMA on religion in America with Dr. Lincoln Mullen!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/gawcy0/im_lincoln_mullen_author_of_the_chance_of)

#And of course, if you are looking for some interesting stuff to read, check out [this week's Sunday Digest](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/g8euzh/sunday_digest_interesting_overlooked_posts_april/) which has a weekly round-up of great answers!

#Edit: I appreciate the gildings, but please consider donating the amount that that guilding would cost to your favorite charity instead. I'd suggest your local foodbank, or similar type of organization that is helping people having trouble making ends meet during the pandemic.
Whoa, was not expecting the admin to backpedal so much on the feature.

&#x200B;

Good on them for listening I suppose.
/u/georgy_k_zhukov is a pillar of this site.
Wow, it actually worked? Cheers to you for standing up for the sub!
Have historians ever in history wielded such influence?!
Wow, I am ... impressed that this worked, and so quickly. 

I was just thinking about writing in the other thread about just burning everything in the sub to the ground, so, ummm....carry on. Don't mind this torch behind my back.
That didn't take nearly as long as I expected.

Thank you for your tireless work in getting this issue addressed and resolved, Zhukov. Now please, take a breather after this day of insanity.
This is the best community on reddit and it's mostly thanks to the mods.
Well done team. I am supremely impressed with the turn out, and the solidarity of the community coming together.
Now we wait to see how quickly they bring it back.
Never let it be forgotten that /u/ggalex accused a moderator of /r/rape of [doctoring evidence the "join chat" was present on their subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/KeepThemAccountable/comments/gaqi6r/remember_when_the_admins_said_communities_that/fp2kbte/)

(Note: edited at 5:46 am 1/5/20 to remove the suggestion that the chat roulette was rolled back as a result of /u/ggalex's comment. I originally read the thread at 4am and was insufficiently awake at the time. Regardless, his behaviour in that thread was inexcusable and he is not fit for his position.)
Wow that's fantastic. I'm sure other subreddits were part of the pushback, but thank you mods here for leading the charge.
So what did they actually tell you about it? Was it just a "whoops, our bad" conversation or was there some information about how the feature would work currently and in the future? I'd be really shocked if they just canned the whole thing.
Congratulations! I hope the admins realize just how valuable this subreddit is. 

I can look at memes and funny cat pictures on dozens of other platforms. But an expertly-moderated community with highly knowledgeable contributors? That's an internet rarity!

Reddit should give moderators the flexibility to make communities that people WANT to visit and then just make all their money on that traffic. They can concentrate their energy on the bad actors. Trying to force a monolithic approach to the entirety of Reddit is going to destroy what most people come here for.

Edit: Fixed a couple small typos
Thank you for helping get the word out and leading the way on this one.
Big thanks to the mod team for their clear communication, measured action, and effective protest on this!
well done! I'm glad that it got sorted without a need for more drastic action, even if we were all behind the mods all the way  <3
I'm just a lurker here, but great job to the mod team, not just for this action, but for creating one of the best places on reddit. Thank you for your work.
You weren't prepared and yet you acted strongly in defense of the sub, and it payed off. Very happy for you guys!
🦀🦀🦀ADMINS ARE GONE🦀🦀🦀
Georgy I just wanna say you and the others here are without a doubt the best mod team on Reddit. I always love coming to this sub and only seeing high quality content because you actually stick to your guns and require high quality answers. Thank you for fighting the admins on this and I look forward to continuing to be apart of this community.
I'm so glad to hear this! But I'm still not resubscribing to premium after their incredibly inappropriate comment attempting to justify this action *because of the pandemic*.
Wow! Awesome news! Great job!
I'm on RiF like 95% of the time, I blissfully miss so many of these stupid moves by the admins.
Thanks for taking a stand and keeping our community the way we like it! Much appreciated!
Thank you for your work on this! We appreciate you sticking up for the way Reddit should be.
Whoa, when did they announce that they removed the chat feature?
speaking of AMAs, that could be something that we could use chats for, assuming moderation is added to the chat system.

Like turn chat on for the 2 or 3 hours that the AMA person is here.
Thank you guys for being so diligent. This is one of my favorite boards, and it's nice to see you sticking to your guns to keep its mission alive.
Thanks for making a stand and showing that doing so works!
This sub has some of the best moderation on the entire site. Not surprised the slightest bit that you all would lead the charge to change! Glad the message was received by the Admins and got the feature removed. Well done!
Awesome news! Big thanks to the mod team for speaking up.
[deleted]
I genuinely believed it would be a nice moral stand without any effect on the admin plans, but I'm really glad it worked ! 

Once again, congrats and thanks for the amazing service you're doing to this subreddit and Internet as a whole !
Huzzah! Great work.
Thank you for documenting the events of the past few days.  I'm sure future /r/AskHistorians historians will appreciate it in 20+ years.
That's unexpected, but welcome.

Thank you again for taking the lead in this.
Good for you guys sticking to your guns. This sub has more integrity than most of reddit combined and I’m glad it’s been respected for trying to uphold that. Kudos mods.
We're totally on your side. I practically never comment here but it's worth it.

I come here for learning, not garbage jokes or low effort memes.
Best mods on reddit. Nice job, everyone.
That’s great news! Thank you mods!
Ah, victory
Thank fuck. This is one of the only quality subs here and the earlier info was disconcerting.
You guys rock, thank you for all you do!

👩‍🎓👨‍🎓👩‍🎓👨‍🎓👩‍🎓👨‍🎓👏👏👏
By God, lads, we did it.
When you say "The Admins" who are you referring to?
Looks like I get to whitelist Reddit on my addblock again.
Remember when the admins said the redesign would have CSS customization? Mandatory chat rooms will be back as soon as the hubbub dies down.
Thank you! The effort of tremendous moderators such as yourselves has made a difference. I appreciate it.
I don't understand the incentives involved here.

Why did the (a) think this was so important to foist on the unwilling and then (b) reconsider so quickly?

Happy about (b). But don't understand (a). Guessing it has something to do with revenue streams.
[I think I found some footage of this escapade.](https://youtu.be/VQjZAY9AaMY?t=46) Good going, Georgy.
Can't wait to ask about this one in twenty years!

Good job. Can't believe the admins thought this would go over well.
Dang, after y'alls epic April Fools AITA posts, I'd support you in anything
Ohh, thank fuck. This place is outstandingly well moderated and it would have sucked to see anything happen to it.
Way to go, folks. The subreddit would not be the high quality it is without your dedication.
This sub is the only sub I have seen maintain the same quality content since I joined in 2014 or so. 

Thank you mods for maintaining such a tight ship.
I lurk here only for knowledge and am impressed with the fine work of this sub. Well done
#We won lads we won we won
Good job, mods!

Now, if only users could likewise opt out of the chat feature. I really hate random people sending me messages.
Totally missed the excitement. Popping in to say I really appreciate y'all taking the purity of your community so seriously.

 I've seen too many services move from private, small volunteer support/creation to more unified corporate mindsets in the last few years (looking at you, YouTube.)

This subreddit is basically the only reason I use reddit at all - because I know I can find really in depth answers, and great "jumping off points" for further research. So thanks for your work, y'all.
I’m out of the loop, what was wrong with the chats?
Our power grows...
Won't someone think of the investors demanding that reddit increase user participation?
While I’m here - can you explain why when I view a post on askhistorians and it might have 7 replies but when I click into it there is nothing there?
Yey! Are there any thoughts to coordinate with the other "serious" ask subreddits and the like, if something like this happens again?
Now, that chat I was invited to make sense. I don’t really use the feature other than when I am watching baseball games over at Astros, so I was surprised to get an invite to a chat that simply said “I need helppppp” . Since I didn’t know any of the users and the user starting it was a month old, I have ignored it.  I only get option to accept or decline, not to see what they want. So, I am happy to hear this, thanks mods!
Thank YOU mods for your excellent work here.
As a mod for /r/thrice, we're with you all the way.


#@&! a stupid system like that which exploits our efforts to build our own communities. Vile.
Hey, I'm pretty new to Reddit, sense my time on here I've read a few things that mods have written or issues they have delt with, how they did it, and I've seen more post about how good the moderators are (sure not everywhere but what I have seen). I think one thing in common that you all have is I can just feel the passion you guys have the work that you're doing on here and I totally feel it, commend it, and I want to thank you! You guys are awesome!!
Fucking nice work mod team!

Chats got enabled in a sub I moderate today and it was a massive fucking ball-ache which we simply do not need.
Maybe 50 years from now someone can ask future historians about this very moment.
Yeah it's 100% been for the past hour
This is incredible, thank you mods for all your hard work. 

I moderate a tiny little subreddit, and I would hate to see what kind of damage the chat feature could do to people trying to hurt the community.
I wonder if it's time to begin talks about separating the askhistorians branding and purpose from Reddit? I assume there have been internal mod talks about splitting and moving to a dedicated site?
Thank you, mods!
We love you, mods!
Pleased to hear it. It's not that this space didn't need an unmoderated chat platform, it's that it needed to *not* have one.

Great job to everyone involved. Love your work, and love the sub.
I am grateful to hear it. I asked what I thought was a very reasonable question regarding security concerns for the feature and was completely ignored. I would feel much more comfortable if they did away with it tbh
This is awesome news. So glad you were able to make yourselves heard effectively!

AskHistorians has always been one of my favorite subs. I hope you get to keep running it the way that works best for years to come.
Can someone r/outoftheloop for us plebs seeing this on r/all?
I just want to say thanks for raising the flag on this issue and generating enough support to get the admins to consider what's actually good for the site.

ELI5 saw your post before we saw the post in /r/blog and that was the only real clue we had it was getting rolled out

So again, thanks for being the squeaky wheel when it mattered!
Thank you for being willing to fight for what you believe in.
Thank you.
Well done
Thank you
When your volunteer work curating a sub generates the content that Reddit needs to make money, it's proper to withdraw your work when they violate agreements.

This was a smart move and I'm impressed by you all.  I wouldn't have thought of it myself.
You have only blocked my questions so...who cares.
🎖poor mans good for you. 

And a genuine thank you for the head mod over at r/actuallylesbian... and honestly the greater LGBT community. Shit coulda gotten real ugly, real quick.
I noticed the feature wasn't present a few hours ago. I also noticed that there was a similar threat on politicaldiscussion and the feature was no longer present their either. It seems this time at least they took the backlash seriously.  


Glad to see this, while in the abstract a askhistorians chat feature sounds like an interesting idea, I think the present incarnation of it would do far more harm than good on this subreddit.
Post removed, not framed as an objective question.
You were the unsung hero’s of history. Now ballads will be sung, legends born and stories passed down the ages.   With supporting documentation of course.
I was wrong. The admins backed down.
Lehrer, die VR Chat benutzen [ ])
We did it?
"I appreciate the info about this too :)
That was surprisingly not shitty of them. Still shouldn't have happened in the first place though.
Let's go!!! A big win
We dont get a chance to post directly on this sub very often, so as a nonacademic lurker, I just want to say how much I appreciate this sub, its contributors and its moderators. It's great having well written and sourced perspectives on history so easily accessible.
Thank you for your wonderful work.
I entirely missed this whole debacle, but thank you for all of your efforts in preserving the quality of this subreddit!
I can still see Chattit though?!
Can you get them to roll back the new design too ?
Lmao what the fuck, was it just the one subreddit going private or was it a group of them, because wow
###Thanks for standing for the community! Thanks mod tean
Thank you mods great work!
Thank you so much for your continued work not only on this amazing community but for all of Reddit.
This really is brilliant. You guys are one of the best mods i’ve ever seen in Reddit. Best regards from Turkey :*
We love you, mods!
We did it reddit, we.. *Sigh*  
now I'm just sad, what has reddit become.
Wow that was some really quick turnaround, kudos on the swift and effective protest. The rebuttal to the feature was extremely well worded and precise about the reasons for the complaint.
Awesome job!!!
I only use old reddit and Relay for Reddit, so I never realised there was a unmoderated chat. But congrats, Reddit has listened to us for once!
But it was deleted, what is there to see? Can someone explain what's happening, [removed] doesn't tell me much.
Hell yeah!
The linked post was removed.  Can someone tldr me?
 [https://www.theverge.com/2020/4/30/21243249/reddit-chat-room-feature-start-chatting-subreddit-rollback](https://www.theverge.com/2020/4/30/21243249/reddit-chat-room-feature-start-chatting-subreddit-rollback) 

&#x200B;

You were in the news!
Oh good. I am glad you all got this removed. Def would remove the spirit of this sub along with other ones.
Can someone TL:DR; for me?
was legit just getting spammed all day from people I don't know. glad it's gone.
Can I post a congratulations sentiment or will that be removed for lack of sourcing?
[removed]
We love you, mods!
I mean....I’m honored. Thank you powder.
I’m lost can someone explain
This day will go down in history so to say. Glad I could experience it. In the spirit of things. What other times in history has this played out on what other levels as well. Not all of them, just the one that comes to mind thinking about the situation and stage per-say.
Wait did they remove it completely? Why didn't they just make it opt-in?
This is fantastic work.  Thank you.  I will say this, when you make a post like this that gets the attention it got, the admins do listen.  

I made a post that got the trollface award removed as well as post that got the ability to reveal your username next to a gilded post rolled back because users where trolling with it.  

Just with they would consult more, this move was in real bad faith.
We love you, mods!
Thank fuck, this sub has some of the strictest mods.
Can somebody explain? What was the new feature and why was it evil as usual?
Yes! Congratulations! This is wonderful news. Now hope that the admins don't backtrack lol.
/u/georgy_k_zhukov thanks to you and the other mods for maintaining one of - if not the - best subreddits period.

Glad to see the admins reverse course so quickly, even if this was a totally avoidable kerfuffle.
I am completely out of the loop. What happened???
I’m sorry, I’m wholly new to Reddit, so can someone explain to me what this chat thing was, and why we don’t like it? I’m lost.
I appreciate you. The good outcome is a bonus. Thanks for being great, mods.
You guys are great, keep up the good work, your policies are appreciated!
Well done!
Yay!!!!! I was there and I am happy they listened!!
Wow the mods on this sub are control freaks
Tbh I liked the change. Might have been able to get an actual answer to the questions asked instead of a long line of removed comments
My chance to have a comment on r/historians without it getting removed!

u/Georgy_z_zhukov please ban me

For a day
Here's what I don't get. They weren't like chat rooms, they were essentially private message groups of 2-5 or something like that. Why the fuss? There's no need to moderate them, they are direct messages and appear in the direct message tab in messages. Honestly, I'm not sure if the mods even knew how this was/worked. It was not a giant sub chat that many subreddits have.
[deleted]
Is it possible with ancient cultures that we are falsely misled to think they took their beliefs entirely seriously? I.E similar to someone in 3000 years discovering all our Santa decor...
I have always been troubled that there is a lack of humor possibilities without tonal context in reviewing ancient culture. Have we not considered that some of it - maybe cat statues, are just ancient memes or were a gag? 

Edit: are there any examples of this where historians later realized “oh that was kind of a joke...”
Hello everyone, 

If you are a first time visitor, welcome! This thread is trending high right now and getting a lot of attention, but it is important to remember those upvotes represent interest in the question itself, and [it can often take time for a good answer to be written](/r/AskHistorians/comments/7s66yf/a_statistical_look_at_askhistorians_in_2017_part_i/). The mission of /r/AskHistorians is to provide users with **[in-depth and comprehensive responses](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/f7ffl8/rules_roundtable_ii_the_four_questions_what_does/)**, and our [rules](/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules) are intended to facilitate that purpose. *[We remove comments which don't follow them for reasons including unfounded speculation, shallowness, and of course, inaccuracy](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/h8aefx/rules_roundtable_xviii_removed_curation_and_why/)*. Making comments asking about the removed comments simply compounds this issue. So please, before you try your hand at posting, check out the [rules](/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules), as we don't want to have to warn you further.

Of course, we know that it can be frustrating to come in here from your frontpage or /r/all and see only *[removed]*, but we thank you for your patience. If you want to be reminded to come check back later, or simply find other great content to read while you wait, [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/i6b42q/rules_roundtable_xxvi_be_kind_remind_revisited/) provides a guide to a number of ways to do so, including the RemindMeBot- [**Click Here to Subscribe**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/km8hhn/is_it_possible_with_ancient_cultures_that_we_are%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe!+2+days) - or
our [Twitter](http://twitter.com/askhistorians).

Finally, while we always appreciate feedback, it is unfair to the OP to further derail this thread with META conversation, so if anyone has further questions or concerns, I would ask that they be directed to [modmail](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskHistorians&subject=Question%20Regarding%20Rules), or a [META thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/submit?selftext=true&title=[META]). Thank you!


EDIT: On high-volume threads, a lot of people like to ask where the comments have gone. Ironically, most of the comments that get removed are a variation on that very question. [This](https://imgur.com/ozhVEP8) is a screenshot of just five removed comments, and yes, that's right, three of them say 'What happened here?' and the other two are words to that effect. As of writing this edit, the removed comments include:

* ~~3~~ 4 that say [removed] (haha you're very funny);

* ~~28~~ 29 variations on 'What happened here?', including 14 that are exactly 'What happened here?', 4 that say 'WTF happened here?' either abbreviated or in full;

* 3 that say 'Where are all the comments/answers?'; and

* 16 that say 'Why were the comments deleted/removed?'

And plenty more that I haven't mentioned here. *Do not post anything that is not intended to be an answer to the question*. ***If you do then you are part of the problem.*** This is your *only* warning.
This is usually a question that students of archaeology, rather than history, stumble upon sooner rather than later. In my case the cat question was related to the ['mother goddess' at Catal Höyük](http://www.catalhoyuk.com/node/736) and similar figures from different eras. The question went along the lines of "Was there really a wide-scale worship of big-breasted mothergodesses or were these figures just early porn?". The short snippet on the linked site opens up what I'll try to elaborate on in this post - namely how archaeologists and historians to a lesser degree come up with their theories. My field of study used to be Near Eastern Archaeology, so I won't be able to go into the specifics of egyptian cat cults, but I'll try to give a small overview as to how archaeolgists end up with certain interpretations.

As a basis, we have to keep in mind that we're building our knowledge on hundreds of years of research which has been in a state of flux. Speaking in general, archaeologists, and historians to some degree, only establish theories. We find things and create theories that can change over time. A consensus might or might not be reached and might possibly change when new information comes to light, be it due to new digs, new texts or even new technologies used to analyze previously discarded evidence.

A prime example would be Winckelmann's Studies (1760's) on Greek and Roman statues, which were based on the idea that the state we found them in (unpainted, perfectly white) was their intended state. When he published his interpretation, it became a popular opinion that pure white statues were the epitome of beauty. In his opinion, colors found on statues were signs of barbarian abnormalties and not the intended way the artists made them. His publication ["The History of Art in Antiquity"](https://archive.org/details/historyofartofan0000winc) in turn influenced a lot of neo-classical art, which is why many people still view pure white marble statues as peak beauty. Nowadays, we know that most statues and buildings were painted - some even rather gaudy for our own tastes ([examples](https://buntegoetter.liebieghaus.de/en/)). It still took a rather long time for the consensus to switch, or rather to reach the public and not be limited to scientific circles.

In a similar, more recent case, when Klaus Schmidt started to publish his findings from Göbekli Tepe ([2001](https://www.persee.fr/doc/paleo_0153-9345_2000_num_26_1_4697) for the preliminary reports of the first few seasons), he suggested that they were purely sacred sites with only temporary inhabitants. Quasi a pre-historical Mekka where hunter-gatherers gathered occasionally. This had rather large implications for (local) history, as it would mean that before hunter-gatherer socities (permanently) settled in the area, they had already started to create permanent places with sacred (thus the interpretation as shrines) or social functions. Schmidt later revised this and suggested that there might have been some permanent personel on site. The most famous counter to Schmidt's early theories came in 2011 by [Edward Banning](https://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/10.1086/661207) who suggested we're basing our opinion on incomplete research and maybe we're just looking at symbol-rich houses. And even 20 years after Schmidts first publication, there's no "100%" answer as to what exactly Göbekli Tepe was. There's some general consensus based on the found architectual remains as well as small finds or rather the general lack of certain small finds that would be indicative of permanent settlement. But due to the nature of archaeology (you can only dig so much), it's enterily possible that we're one dig season away from scrapping all that, though the focus of the dig has shifted since Schmidt's death in 2014, imo for the worse, towards a more small-scale approach so we'll probably never really know.

And this is where your question comes in again. For most of prehistory and early history, we're basing our opinions on material finds. Ideally, we cross-reference in the same time or shortly after (for Göbekli Tepe Schmidt's "Sie Bauten die Ersten Tempel" from 2009 does exactly that), try to slot it into overarching developments that have been established (like this [series](https://www.mprl-series.mpg.de/studies/3/index.html) on architectual history \[there's more books labled studies [4](https://www.mprl-series.mpg.de/studies/4/index.html) and [5](https://www.mprl-series.mpg.de/studies/5/index.html)\] by the Max Planck institute, in german) and then to make educated guesses based on this. But they more often then not remain guesses - even in times were we have written records, it's not very often that we get explicit texts on what something was intended for but that's another can of worms. These guesses are, in the most optimal cases, backed by evidence and the later in time we get, the more kinds of records we can use to back our guesses and the more sure we can be that we're correct. So we can't 100% rule out that cat-worship in ancient egypt was all an elaborate, wide-scale hoax. But we can make a pretty good guess that this wasn't the case. If we ever find evidence of it being a hoax, we can adjust the theory, much like Schmidt (or the team at Catal Höyük) did to a certain degree or how Winkelmanns ideas have been challenged and adjusted.

On a very much less serious note, David Macauly created a great book in 1979 called Motel of the Mysteries, where life in North America got wiped out in 1984 and archaeologists hundreds of years later are interpreting bedrooms as burial chambers and toilets as sacred urns. The book plays on the stereotypical idea that whatever archaeologists find, it's always a burial site, a temple or palace - which is something that used to happen a lot in older digs. It's a good example why we need to adjust our theories, as it's ok to interpret a large building as a palace but if you know there's generally only one or maybe a few palaces and you find 28 of the same kind of building, it gets a bit tricky to justify "Palace A-Z" in your publication.

/e: Reddit formatting is still a bit of a pain.
> I was out hunting together with two Yukaghirs, an elderly and a younger hunter, and they had succeeded in killing a brown bear. While the elderly hunter was poking out its eyes with his knife and croaking like a raven as custom prescribes, the younger one, who was standing a few meters away, shouted to the bear: “Grandfather, don’t be fooled, it is a man, Vasili Afanasivich, who killed you and is now blinding you!” At first the elderly hunter doing the butchering stood stock-still as if he were in shock, but then he looked at his younger partner and they both began laughing ecstatically as if the whole ritual were a big joke. Then the elderly hunter said to the younger one, “Stop fooling around and go make a platform for the grandfather’s bones.” However, he sounded by no means disturbed. Quite the opposite, in fact: he was still laughing while giving the order. The only really disturbed person was me, who saw the episode as posing a serious threat to my entire research agenda, which was to take animism seriously. The hunter’s joke suggested that underlying the Yukaghir animistic cosmology was a force of laughter, of ironic distance, of making fun of the spirits. How could I take the spirits seriously as an anthropologist when the Yukaghirs themselves did not?

> I experienced several incidents of this kind which, I must now admit, I left out of my books on Yukaghir animism, as they posed a real danger to my theoretical agenda of taking indigenous animism seriously. One time, for example, an old hunting leader was making an offering to his helping-spirit, which is customary before an upcoming hunt. However, while throwing tobacco, tea, and vodka into the fire, he shouted, “Give me prey, you bitch!” Everyone present doubled up with laugher. Similarly, a group of hunters once took a small plastic doll, bought in the local village shop, and started feeding it fat and blood. While bowing their heads before the doll, which to everyone’s mind was obviously a false idol with no spiritual dispositions whatsoever, they exclaimed sarcastically, “Khoziain [Russian “spirit-master”] needs feeding.” Direct questioning about such apparent breaches of etiquette often proved fruitless. One hunter simply replied, “We are just having fun,” while another came up with a slightly more elaborate answer, “We make jokes about Khoziain because we are his friends. Without laughter, there will be no luck. Laughing is compulsory to the game of hunting.” 

This incredible quote comes from an article by Danish anthropologist Rane Willerslev, so these were somewhat recent events; but I think the underlying idea is not a modern invention. If the spirit world helps us and exists all around us, then why exactly should we choose any one particular object to represent that spirit? And if we choose an object in jest, it doesn't dissipate the potency of the ritual because *we are his friends*. The spirits may laugh at us when we fail, why can't we laugh back at them? 

There are many societies who (at least historically) had periods of ceremony in which masqueraders would run around the village "being clowns," as in doing tricks or pranks for a laugh. Sometimes they'd go further and really pick on certain people, and these were usually the ones who were rude or took themselves too seriously during normal times. The spirit world made itself physical in the form of a masquerader who, for the sake of laughter, helps remind individuals to laugh at themselves. Regarding "sacred clowns" in North American indigenous communities Peggy Beck & Anna Walters summarize this idea:

> ...we heard a number of individuals say that to learn you should not “ask why.” By asking “Why” you limit your chances of experiencing sacred knowledge. Another reason people say you should not “ask why,” is that the subject being asked may be too dangerous. Without proper instruction beforehand the person asking “why” might be harmed. In Native American communities the Clowns are the ones that “ask why.” They are often the only ones that may “ask why” in reference to dangerous objects, or “ask why” of those people who are specialists in advanced sacred knowledge. They ask in their backwards language, through their satire, and their fooling around, the questions we would like to ask. They say the things we might be afraid to say to those we might be afraid to speak to. Even though they may not or cannot conceptualize their knowledge, the answers to our questions - the truths, the philosophy, and the wisdom - comes through to us.

In the Roman world this experience was found in Saturnalia - when the social world was reversed. For a day or a short while, a slave in the household would act as *pater familias*, and was served by the master's family or simply served first. In this brief period in December slaves could vent their grievances and act on whatever they had been holding back. A frightening thought for a master, and so masters should never forget this and act accordingly on every other day of the year. But of course, this brief reversal would end; and so slaves too should not forget that any grievances aired would have to be bottled back up - it worked both ways. This tradition continued into the Christian world in a new form: "Bishop for a Day," in which an altar boy was given this honor. And more generally the riotous rule-breaking festival was continued in the form of *Carnival*. A festival in which everyone dressed in masquerade, and under such armor you could even mock the clergy publicly. 

Saturnalia also included giving little gifts and sometimes these were serious (money, statuettes, books) but other times they were jokes - gag gifts. Of course, a gift intended as a joke is not really a *gift*; but that interpretation is too simplistic, because then the gift is the experience of laughter itself. This tradition continues unabated, gag gifts are still given at Christmas. And their nature as a *joke* does not diminish their value as an expression of one's love and friendship for another. In fact, the ability to give this type of gift may even hinge on such factors - would you give a gag gift to a social superior in a formal setting? 

But back to your question about jokes, they are so difficult to detect in historical texts. The late 16th century Italian gnostic and heretic philosopher Domenico Scandella said to an inquisitor, *"You might as well go and confess to a tree than to priests and monks."* And at first glance, this appears to be an insult and a joke; in line with his other comments against monks and priests who think they're better than everyone else. But, other peasants reported him saying things like *"Everything that we see is god, and we are gods...The sky, earth, sea, air, abyss, and hell, all is god."* While these comments are not directly from him, it does cohere with his other holistic sentiments; so knowing this we can look at his insult again in a new light. Perhaps he meant it as a joke, but perhaps he was quite serious...confessing to a tree was as valuable as confessing to a human since what difference was there really? 

From Rane Willerslev's work we only get brief glimpses at people joking with the spirits. In the ancient world we normally see people laughing at deity statues when they're coming from condescension, as Jewish Yahwhist prophets mock other Jews for creating false icons. Christians continued this trope, mocking pagans and their "false idols" which can't actually do anything for their worshipers. At the beginning of Aristophanes' play *Frogs*, we see a comic servant character Xanthias arguing with his master none other than the god Dionysus. Sometimes Xanthias is saying a joke at the god's expense, and sometimes the god is saying one at his. But to add a meta twist, the audience would've been laughing with/at the god all the while being seated with a statue of that god - as a statue was brought into the theater during the City Dionysia festival which Aristophanes wrote these comedies for. Afaik situations like this is the closest we can get in ancient texts if we're looking for examples of people "laughing at the gods." 

I originally used Rane's quote in an answer about [How did European preconceptions distort the study of Native American mythology?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/cgqtn8/was_the_study_of_native_american_mythology_shaped/eur7qcc/) and I've written about Domenico Scandella in an answer about [How were 16th century "atheists" treated by society?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/hq5fvb/what_would_be_the_consequences_of_being_openly/fxytojj/). If you'd like to read about indigenous North American "clowns" there's this great article [Sacred Clowns and Fools, by Beck & Walters](https://web.archive.org/web/20121025125710/http://cometogetherarticles.yolasite.com/sacred-clowns-and-fools.php), and if you'd like to read some about Saturnalia there's a great article [Encyclopedia Romana: Saturnalia, by James Grout](https://penelope.uchicago.edu/~grout/encyclopaedia_romana/calendar/saturnalia.html) and for more details there's [Celebrating the Saturnalia: Religious Rituals and Roman Domestic Life, by Fanny Dolansky](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ALeKk03EmuOpRjLb8O367MxBj-7UCs-fLw%3A1609278182029&ei=5qLrX6CpAYms5wKi-ajACg&q=celebrating+the+saturnalia%3A+religious+ritual+and+roman+domestic+life&oq=celebrating+the+saturnalia%3A+religious+ritual+and+roman+domestic+life&gs_lcp=CgZwc3ktYWIQAzoECAAQRzoJCAAQyQMQFhAeOggIIRAWEB0QHjoFCCEQoAE6BQghEKsCOgcIIRAKEKABUIBeWP99YMV-aABwAngAgAGYAYgByx2SAQUzMC4xMZgBAKABAaoBB2d3cy13aXrIAQjAAQE&sclient=psy-ab&ved=0ahUKEwigtImzlPTtAhUJ1lkKHaI8CqgQ4dUDCA0&uact=5) and the second link at canvas.brown.edu downloads a pdf of it.
This doesn't quite answer your question, but does tackle a commonly held and related underlying assumption that ancient beliefs can't or weren't sincerely believed: this answer by u/DarthPositus on [Greek's belief in their gods](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/6cr4sl/just_how_literal_did_the_greeks_believe_their/dhx8c7i/) and this one by u/mythoplokos on [Greek's belief in myths](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/41bmwr/did_the_ancient_greeksromans_believe_their_myths/cz1ffqq/).
Santa is a great reference because I think your question has two components: belief as truth and belief as ritual. Plenty of people today would say they believe in Santa, especially if they're aged 5 or under. That's belief in an unknown abstraction that represents "something." But that's only part of it; the ritual surrounding holiday gatherings, shopping, family/friends, carols, etc should not be overlooked. They are very real, very representative of joy, mirth, love, caring, thoughts towards others, and so on. For some, Santa even acts as a modern day Dionysus with eggnog instead of wine. It's an important aspect of culture in this age which historians 3000 years from now will note as such, with a certain sense of seriousness to it such as the ritual of gift giving, the ritual of special drink, and other associations typically made with the Christmas holiday in particular. And they'll discover that through expanded awareness of what Santa and the holiday rituals entailed, why they were done that way, and by who.

Because at the end of the day, it's the lack of contextual awareness that leads us to believing something ancient cultures did or thought was to be taken with 100% literal seriousness. Once awareness is established, one learns that these are never really "jokes," only misunderstandings. An example of this would be use of an ear of corn to represent a phallus in rituals executed by the cult of Dionysus. The "joke" is the use of corn not just as a cylindrical representation of a phallus (plenty of such objects existed), but that corn was also edible, giving the phallic substitute a direct tie to oral sex. One of undoubtedly many "secrets" found in the Eleusinian mysteries.

See, secrets something found in all religions, I believe, throughout history as the duality of exoteric belief and ritual is countered with esoteric belief and ritual. There were restrictions that applied to certain parts of the temple (or the whole temple), rituals without any human audience (ie, only a priest/king with their god), and certain knowledge and/or texts were kept out of reach of the general public. This creates serious distortions in the evidence we have access to. We know a *lot* less than people in antiquity as the passage of time has removed from our collective memory, records of history, and archaeology the overwhelming majority of "facts" we all would love to know. Oral traditions and knowledge as well as an insane amount of written records from 1000+ years ago are gone, as are the secrets they held. Even with written records we do have, often times they are very difficult to interpret because context is not given. Thus any reconstruction of the spiritual and religious beliefs in the ancient worlds are, by definition, very provisional in nature.

Building upon sociologist George Simmel's seminal work *The Sociology of Secrets and of Secret Societies*, Albert de Jong says there are three distinct areas of secrecy our historical studies must consider: secret knowledge, secret ritual, and secret identities. Secrets as a whole are annoying to scholars and historians alike. Often times, any claim of "secrecy" is met with contempt. Secrets are seen as problematic: documentation is difficult. This is mainly encountered with secret identities, when an individual or group sought to remain "hidden" for whatever reason(s) through a mutually agreed upon bond of concealment. However, such elusiveness wouldn't often shield them completely from the annals of history. Recruitment or spreading of knowledge/ritual wouldn't be possible without someone being aware. So we encounter "hints" and "references" to various secret identities through other sources, usually "unofficial." This is big in Japan where a whole culture of secrecy has existed and continues to exist in the world of Japanese religion, though it existed outside of the religious world as well, ranging from continued scholarly discussion around who and what a "ninja" was, to esoteric secrets found in waka poetry as devised by Fujiwara Tameaki in the 13th century, to secrets in Noh plays by Konparu Zenchiku (of Zeami's line, who, himself, was a master of secrets), to rituals of Tokugawa Shogun in Edo- both living and dead.

It's with those examples (and much more) where the aspects of secret knowledge and secret ritual come into play. Pamela Long in her book *Openness, Secrecy, Authorship: Technical Arts and the Culture of Knowledge from Antiquity to Renaissance* takes one of the first attempts that I'm aware of to attribute a modern concept, intellectual property, and apply it to a non-so-modern culture. As she points out, knowledge- both technical, such as metallurgy, and religious- is kept in secret for numerous reasons, amongst which include maintaining power, wealth, well-being, and/or, in the case of religious secrets, to keep from "profaning" the mysteries. The extent of knowledge surrounding such secrets varied from culture to culture. For example, in the Mesopotamia region, when priesthood tended to be a lifelong vocation, vast amounts of study and awareness were required to perform the complicated rituals and give solid grounding in theology and literature. Comparatively, among Greek and Roman priesthoods as I understand it, they were chiefly honorary positions, not lifelong jobs, and such priests were not generally transmitters of sacred traditions. This secret/sacred knowledge was of the type believed to represnt truths about reality that not all mortals were able or entitled to acquire. Pythagoras and Empedocles are two well-known examples of individuals who maintained small circles of knowledge transmission like this. The *Corpus Hermeticum* would be an example of the type of such "secret" knowledge that was handed down, usually with a focus on silence and ritual which helps one understand the gods and the divine.

Don't forget that the word "mystery" is derived from the Greek *mystērion* which means "initiation." It comes from the verb *myeō* ("to initiate") and later on came to mean "divine secret" in early Christian literature, as I understand it. This is where "secret rituals" emerge, the process, transmission, initiation, etc into that secret knowledge. The mysteries of Eleusis hinted at earlier are an example of that. There are public details about the rituals such as vestments worn, rules for hair and makeup, etc; but then the ritual for the initiation, itself, often remained secret- and to this day we don't know exactly what took place. It's that lack of knowledge/awareness that has driven scholars for generations to hunt for those secrets- though I think most scholars today would agree that secret initiation rituals had little to do with secret theologies.

(cont)

(also edited some words because I can't spell)
[removed]
If we're discussing the sincerity of religious observation, then there are instances where Ancient Chinese funerary and ritual customs may have been more performative rather than done in earnest. This however is not an example of humor, which I cannot provide any evidence of from my scope of knowledge. Nonetheless, as it is related, I think it's worth examining how religion and ritual serves as many practical purposes as spiritual motivations.

Ancestor veneration is deeply rooted in Chinese tradition and society, practiced since the Neolithic Period and the Shang Dynasty, with maturation in the Zhou and Han Dynasties. Dedicated temples were to be built in the capitals and cities of these prosperous civilizations, and were of utmost importance to the royal family. It was understood that the spirits of one's ancestors resided in heaven alongside other gods and divine beings, and wielded some degree of influence upon the mortal world. In order to receive favor and goodwill from the ancestors, rituals and ceremonies were done to invoke the power and aid of the spirits.

These involved elaborately crafted vessels and bronzes, with intricate patterns, designs, and inscriptions, alongside bronze instruments, bells, and other tools. The exact details of how these were used in the rituals is lost to us, but scholars have surmised their usage as food and drink vessels for ceremonial banquets. These ceremonies would be performed in the tombs of the ancestors, and over time as lineages grew and powerful families expanded their realm, such temples and tombs accumulated in size and quantity, with larger and more elaborate halls erected to house the dead. Bronzes would be mostly used by the elite, who could afford such costly and valuable vessels. Logically, they also controlled and influenced the production of distribution of such bronzes, and shows the power of the royal family with the rest of elite society, and to that effect, the rest of the realm. Bronzes were passed down generation from generation, and a tomb could host vessels from varying periods, reflecting the changing times and recalling the glorious past of departed figures.

A royal ancestral temple complex would follow specific arrangements that reflected a seniority ranking of the ancestors. In the back center would lay the founder’s temple, while on the left and right flanks more recent ancestors would be housed in their own temples. The positioning of the temple buildings creates a chronological idea of lineage, with the permanent subjects of worship located in the back to solidify the worshipper’s understanding of their past and origin. During ceremonies, the sequence of performance directs back towards the origin or foundational history of the clan, in this case not to glorify the past but to explain the mythical origins of the entire society. In other words, this was legitimization that allowed for a continuity of history, through connections with the past. Importantly, these temples were arranged according to the four directions, which would mirror larger city layouts. Gates faced each direction, and both temple and city were surrounded by layers of walls. This connects and reflects the functions of the temple with larger society, where the temple is the core center of religious function, political basis, and ancestral/historical origin, the city becomes the extension and embodiment of that power. Accordingly, such a significant and sacred space was limited to special occasions, and over time there would be an effort to close it off from the public world into a more secretive, hidden, and spiritual area. In order to access this otherworldly space, naturally it would be logical to require barriers and distance between the normal everyday world and the temple. Thus, the main temples located in the back require the greatest distance to travel, and physically represent the hierarchy of religion.

Within these key spaces housed bronzes for rituals and ceremonies. Bronze vessels and instruments served not only for ritual acts, but as an archive or family history. The bronzes would contain inscriptions of important events or deeds for descendants to read, showing us how ancient peoples valued their legacy and esteem, likewise they would also honor the memories of their own past. These inscriptions would praise certain figures by describing military campaigns, political events, or pious character traits such as following religious rites or other duties and obligations, namely filial piety.

We can find many examples from the Zhuangbai hoard, a large array of vessels used by an archivist and recordkeeping family for the Zhou court. Here is one example from a certain individual named Zhe:

>In the fifth month, the king was at Gan. On the day *maozi*, the king ordered me, Archivist Zhe, to bestow lands on Marquis Xiang; [other gifts from the king included] bronze metals and servitors. I praise the king's beneficence. In the nineteenth year of the king's reign, I make this vessel for [my deceased] Father Yi. May it be treasured forever [by my descendants]. (Lineage emblem.)

This clan descended from the Shang, the previous ruling dynasty which the Zhou had conquered. They came from a place called Wei, which would have been close to the Shang capital. Zhe's grandson Qiang compiled a history of the Wei family lineage in the Shi Qiang pan, one of the earliest and most important examples of Chinese record keeping. First it details the Zhou royal history:

>In antiquity, King Wen first established harmony in government. God on High bestowed on him intelligent virtues. He could thus pacify [the country], hold fast to the whole world, and assemble and receive [tribute delegations] from the ten thousand states. Powerful King Wu campaigned in four directions. He took over the people of the Yin [Shang], consolidated [the achievements of ] his ancestors, and forever quelled the troubles with the [nomadic] Di and the [eastern] Yi. The wise sage-king Cheng, assisted by strong helpers, governed the country with systematic rules. The virtuous King Kang divided the country [by enfeoffing feudal lords]. The broad-minded King Zhao campaigned southward to the regions of Chu and Jing. The brilliant King Mu set a model for the current Son of Heaven, carefully educated him, and provided him with a solid dynastic foundation. Our Son of Heaven has received a great mandate to continue the long royal line King Wen and King Wu began. Our Son of Heaven should enjoy long life and good health. He serves the deities well and glorifies the previous kings and royal ancestors. God on High blesses him so that he may enjoy good harvests and have peoples of all places come to pay their respects. 

Next Qiang provides a narrative of his own clan's history.

>Our tranquil High Ancestor [Gao Zu] originally resided in Wei. When King Wu had conquered the Shang, our great-great-grandfather, the Brilliant Ancestor [Lie Zu], who had been the archivist of Wei, came to the Zhou court and was received in audience by King Wu. The king commanded the Duke of Zhou to assign him a residence in the Plain of Zhou. Our great-grandfather, Ancestor Yi [Yi Zu], served his king well and enjoyed the king's confidence. Our grandfather, Ancestor Xin [Zu Xin or Zhe, the Subordinate Ancestor], gave birth to many descendants and brought them blessings and happiness. To him we should offer sincere sacrifices. Our father Lord Yi [Yi Gong or Peng] was wise and virtuous. No one uttered criticism of him. He engaged in farming and managed well, and demonstrated the virtues of loyalty, filial piety, and brotherly love. 

Finally, Qiang outlines his own version of the history, alongside his own deeds and accomplishments:

>I, Qiang the Archivist, work hard all day and night. I dare not neglect court ritual affairs. I praise the brilliant mandate of the Son of Heaven, and for this I make this precious and sacred vessel. It will be used in sacrificing to my Brilliant Ancestor and my fine deceased father, who left me the lineage fief with all its income. May good luck and blessings last until my hair turns white and my skin becomes dry. May I serve my king diligently and well. May this vessel be treasured 10,000 years [by my descendants]. 

By explaining the history of the Zhou royal house, it interweaves and connects the Wei lineage with the ruling family, legitimizing and lifting the Wei. This inscription also explains how it was made to honor both the founder of the clan and the Emperor himself, showcasing the filial respect. Quite importantly, it also provides a standard history of the family. Qiang's son Xing was another favored and esteemed archiver to the court, who himself had vessels and inscriptions detailing his deeds and piety:
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
hey mods, i know you’ll remove this but i just wanna say thank you for making this such a professional and truly educational subreddit, keep up the good work :)

I read this sub every day but I never post or comment. This is one of the coolest subs I've ever found. And to all the people taking time to give these super in-depth answers; you folks are excellent. It's nice to have a place where I can learn cool stuff and it's all cited & whatnot. 

I love this sub & the people in it.

Edit!  Thanks for all the love y'all. And a special thank you to the history buff who gave me an award! It's my first one!!!
If it's gonna be deleted anyway... NON HISTORIAN HERE. SECRET HIDDEN THANKYOU!
This sub has been one of my inspirations to study a Masters in the History of Science, so mods, thank you for making this such a brilliant sub!
Seconded, you guys are simply awesome. Thank you for keeping this subreddit’s quality so high.
Yes!! This is one of the calmest and most professional sub I've seen on reddit haha
As this thread is hitting /r/all, a few quick notes for people seeing this who are new to the community. 

First, **[please check out today's AMA with Dr. Cynthia Kierner on natural disasters](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/giykso/inventing_disaster_with_prof_cynthia_kierner/)!**

More generally though, /r/AskHistorians is a somewhat unique community, being heavily modded for quality in a way few subreddits are. It can feel frustrating at first as it *feels* like you aren't seeing any content, but it really is a matter of patience! Good answers take time to write. 

Every thread has a pre-filled link for the Remind Me Bot to check back on that thread later, which we strongly encourage users to make use of!

You also can subscribe to weekly updates from the subredditsummarybot [by clicking here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=subredditsummarybot&subject=askhistorians%20weekly&message=x). Find more info on it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/di8t2i/tired_of_clicking_over_to_a_thread_too_early_so/).

And if you are in more of a browsing mood, our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/askhistorians), [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/askhistorians/), and the [Sunday Digest](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/search?q=title%3A%22Sunday+Digest%22&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all) are plaes we feature great content already written, [and don't forget the podcast either!](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/podcast)
Now I'm just speculating here based off a few personal anecdotes, but it makes sense me that the mods are creating something truly wonderful that we should all cherish \[0\]. Certainly this place has kickstarted my enjoyment and consumption of history, and in a way that I can trust \[1\]. Thanks fam <3.

Sources: 

\[0\] [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R/AskHistorians](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R/AskHistorians) 

\[1\] Someone whispered this to me on the subway once
I wonder how historians yet unborn will utilize the accumulated knowledge in this sub.
I am the silent masses who approves all the deleted replies.Thank you, mods!
I'm a run-of-the-mill average idiot here and I love this sub cause it's always so excellent in getting quality commenters. I wish I was smart enough to contribute on something, but when someone asks random pop culture 90's history, I'll be right here!
A big o’l circle jerk here but I’m with OP and everyone else. It’s always the top sub in my personal feed when I wake up in the morning and there’s always something new and interesting. But the quality of the responses really blows my mind. I’m a history lover but never studied it. So when I read the responses with sources and citations, it’s just a great feeling that I may as well be in the lecture theatre listening to the pros. Thank you.
Never thought I’d be able to comment on a post in this sub. NOW THIS IS HISTORY.
AH is the absolute best thing on Reddit. Bravo.
This is hands down the best moderated sub on this entire platform. Just reading through threads makes me feel the need to be wearing a premium 7 piece suit, a tophat and a monocle. Your excellent work is much appreciated and valued.
These mods don’t get enough credit. You guys are the best!
Whenever we reset the internet, we should give /u/Georgy_K_Zhukov the admin details.

So much love for this sub.

Is there a patreon or some sort of open pool to collect support?
Avid lurker who loves reading this sub!  I appreciate all the hard work of the moderators.  Their due diligence and standards have allowed me to explore history in a way that is informative & trustworthy.  Peer review is crucial in many fields and I love seeing it applied in this regard. Bravo mods! Thank you again!
I've been following this sub since it first became a thing and the mods have done a wonderful job. Keep up the good work guys!
Thank you mods!!
Yes, I've heard many complaints about the strict moderation, but please: keep it up! Sure it was frustrating having a post deleted that I spent literal hours researching, but really, the tight moderation is what makes the best answers float to the top, and I suppose it was only tangentially related. Keep up the good work! Best sub on reddit!
I also second this. It's the only subreddit I feel that I can trust the information that's posted as true or a true interpretation of history. I wished there was a modern history version
I’m just gonna try and get a post on here before it gets deleted.

Thanks for the all the hard work from the mods. I’m always impressed by how well researched the answers are here.
Yes thank you mods!
Thousands of other comments, so this will for sure be buried, but I am adding my voice to the affirmations of excellence.

Not a historian.

But I have been doing  "living historical experimentation" - not the same thing as reenactments although some of those people can go pretty darn deep into authenticity/accuracy as well - with foods and plants for the better part of three decades. 

(Go ahead and ask me how to make an authentic meat pie or peas porridge, or how to gauge when a wood fired oven is ready for first, second bake with - That field is still developing (see: swordcraft, construction techniques, etc), And maybe in another day and age I would have gone into this professionally.)

But the truth is I have always been obsessively interested in history. The only thing that kept me from the field was a very close friend who struggled to find placement professionally and warned me off - lol.

most of the time I hear noisy crickets when I want to talk history in my daily life.

This sub has been an oasis of joy for me. I know the level of moderation here, and I respect it deeply. The most joyful thing for me is learning stuff I didn't know before.

History is like a vast ocean full of core deep trenches. I might have plumbed the depths of my own particular little sections of history, but there is a vast array of history that I have no clue about, and a broad swath of history that I want to see from a different perspective.

The responders on the sub consistently provide superior insight and often act as a springboard to help me know which direction to turn for more information.

I cannot emphasize enough how important it is for the mods to continue to do their job with the excellence that they do. It keeps the quality high. I love the fact that there are meta threads that allow lay people like myself to occasionally contribute, and even the occasional April fools (and other occasions) where the rules are relaxed and fun is had by all.

You guys take a lot of heat for deleting comments, you take a lot of heat for a lot of things... Just keeping excellent my dudes.
This is the first time that I saw so many comments on a thread that isn't about asking questions about something 

Thank mods!
Joining the choir to say YES! Thank you for your draconian modding and the beautiful content it filters from the chafe.
Absolutely! Not only are the answers great, the questions are brilliant too. I've left several subreddits because this one has raised the bar so high.
Seriously! I'm always really impressed by how well-moderated this sub is. No doubt it takes a lot of commitment, but the high quality that is cultivated thanks to that is impressive.
[removed]
I really appreciated taking a stand on the chat function to keep the integrity of the sub intact. 

The rapid installment of the chat function disrupted many of the moderation-oriented subs I am a part of. Many of them are small communities and had no real sway over the administration. A small moderation-oriented community is easily disrupted by something like the chat feature and I don't think many of them would have survived with their functionality or even a cohesive community. The decision of the askhistorians mods to make a stand helped keep these small communities coherent, even if they were completely unaware of them. 

After the measures taken by this community I actually received a large message from the moderation team saying they would address my concerns, specifically in allowing people to filter their chat-based subs from their non-chat based subs (so that networked subs could be cohesive) and I know that is a result of this communities hard work. 

Thank you.
[removed]
As a budding historian and journalist with a lifelong love for history, theology, and people, being a part of this subreddit for the last year has been such an amazing experience. I love seeing amazing questions I had never considered, and this sub’s incredible talent to quench my curiosities is unparalleled.

Thank you all fellow redditors and particularly you mods who make this sub - which lights up my day, every day - possible.
This is definitely a sub for me where I never get to comment.  I love that!
This might get buried in the comments here now, but I'm wondering if there are any historians just waiting for a specific question to be asked?
Yo you know you can directly message mods, right?
The best sub!
This is legitimately the best place on reddit. Everywhere else is just a cesspool of people who talk with authority while spewing nonsense with no sources. I am genuinely impressed every time at how the answers in here are so detailed and comprehensive.
I second that! Thanks mods.
Thanks Mods! 

If you're gonna break the rules, this is how to break the rules!
Ask Historians: One of the very few subreddits with mods that aren't fucking terrible.

Edit: D'oh!
This thread would be exponentially funnier if the mods deleted all the comments and provided the usual reminder about properly sourced answers
Hi mods,

Thank you for keeping the sub as it is and allowing the average joe as myself to interact and learn from professionals.

🙏🙏🙏
Yes, thank you!
r/AskHistorians is the most important sub on Reddit. In fact, it is greater than all other subs individually, and almost all of them put together. There is almost nothing like it on earth, certainly no place so populated or well-read. 

You guys are performing a public service which all educated societies should provide for their people: Free and ready access to the knowledge, insight, and wisdom of professionals invested in the study of humankind and its ways.

Thank you for educating, inspiring, amusing, and enlightening me every time I visit. May the hard work you do never go unappreciated, and may the flame of r/AskHistorians never burn out
Honestly, so much subreddits are trash. Thank you mods.
Yeah this sub is amazing. I like how pop-culture clearly spurs certain questions but the replies are never dismissive and always fascinating.
[removed] warms my heart
This sub is a big part of why I still use reddit, thanks guys!!! I love this place <3 be proud of the work you do!!!
Tag along comment. I regularly browse this subreddit and often search this subreddit specifically for stuff I am interested in because I know the submissions and information is of the highest quality. Thanks for the sub, keep up the good work!
I'm an absolute dumbass who would never be able to contribute to the knowledge constantly given on this sub but I can at least learn a lot of new stuff all the time because I'm subscribed here. The standards are seemingly harsh but I definitely get them, they bring the quality of answers way, way up and I doubt I'd be learning quite so much had the answers been pulled from the asses of people who've just googled the question.
For real, this is possibly the only subreddit whose quality has actually gone *up* as it’s gotten more popular.  It’s truly a gem of the website
When I first started using reddit I was firmly in the "HUR DUURRRR Y U DELETE EVERYTHING NERD MODZ" category. 
Now I am slightly older and wiser this is one of the only subreddits I take seriously, that is due to the standards and dedication of nerd mods :)
This is the best sub.
Finally I can comment without being deleted!!!!!
Hell yeah! Thanks
Thank you Mods, this is one of the best subreddits
Thanks to everyone answering here I've learned so much!
Yup! Knowing that every answer I see here will be detailed and fascinating? Priceless.

Plus, it keeps me humble.
Completely agree, as someone becoming a history teacher I really value the standards of the subreddit and am constantly amazed at how well questions are answered! Thanks mods and contributors!
This is the most well run subreddit I’ve ever seen. Thank you to everyone involved.
Thank you sooo much mods and people who share such wonderful answers. You guys are the real deal in reddit. It is a pleasure to read every answers and every questions. Also thank you mods for being such hardworking people.
Also taking this opportunity to thank the mods. Best subreddit!
Awesome people. Do they have a list with Historians and their field of expertises?
While not a history student or in the realm of anything history, this subreddit is just amazing. Even though I could never contribute to an answer, I always loved history, especially random history, and this is one of the most well-made and maintained subreddits out the. Wishing all of you mods a wonderful day!
This is the only place on the internet with trustworthy information
Also a big fan of the professionalism in this sub. Currently working on my Masters in European History, and I love how much I’ve been able to learn here about interesting concepts and facts outside of my purview that I normally wouldn’t have been able to see.
One of very few subreddits where the mods actually care about the quality of the content, and won't let it devolve into the same mono-culture that every single popular subreddit becomes.
If I can comment this one time, agree with OP and top comment. This sub is awesome.
I wanna add my thanks as well, many interesting topics I was able to search thanks to this sub!
Non historian here, so I know this will be deleted, but I'm here every day, so from my personal subjective and anecdotal evidence this is one of my favorite subs. I like the hugely varied topics, it's nice it isn't all war history questions or the like.
Agreed. Great sub, and very much so thanks to the mod team.
Every time I see a great question on r/history answered by a bunch of Wikipedia links and guesses I am so grateful for the mods here. I learn so much.

Yesterday I saw an answer here about organ meat and organ grinders. It was surreal. It seemed plausible at first, but the longer it went, the more I expected Hell in a Cell. I switched to Wikipedia to read about organ grinders. By the time I verified my suspicion that it was a hoax, the post was gone. It makes me realize how much the mods put into this sub, I have never seen a hoax answer on here before in 5 years as a subscriber.

Thanks mods.
I love that this sub always makes the list in r/askreddit when someone asks which subs are overmoderated.


I think this sub is perfectly modded, considering the subject matter and stated objective.


Something I have wondered though, when a moderator deletes a comment and replies with their reasoning in a separate comment. Does the karma that reply generates actually go to their account?


I’ve seen many of those replies generate significant karma, which has to enormous when calculated in the aggregate.


Thanks again.
I want to second this! Y'all do amazing work (mods for making sure this sub stays true to its purpose and the users for making awesome responses)
Shit I hope I make it before the mods delete. 

Mods seriously thank you for the work you do. I've said it before and I'll say it again, if the entire internet was moderated with the same diligence you guys show, our world would be a legitimately better place.
If kt doesnt get deleted...
Easily my favourite subreddit thanks to the moderation. Thanks team!
Thanks for quality content. It is valuable, and appreciated 🙏💚
Thank you all historians here for your amazing work! Just wanted to say that.
What of reddit announced it would shut down the entire site tomorrow by teatime. Could all the accumulated knowledge in this sub be saved?
Well as this post is still up, I'll also post my sincerest thank you to all the moderators that actively work on keeping the answers high quality. And of couse a big thank you to all the historians or knowledgeable non-historians that take some time to inform 'the masses'. I personally learnt a lot about the critical framaework that historians use to approach their topics from this sub and in general gsined a lot of understanding about the nuances of interpreting history. I sincerely thank every mod and user of this sub for their excellent work. Thank you for making nuanced history available to everyone and thank you in general for all the information I got out of this sub.
Yes thank you mods!
I also really appreciate this sub and your thorough modding - nothing brightens my day more than finding an odd question here and then opening it out to see a fully thought out and educated answer. Than you for maintaining both the accuracy and the whimsy
Big props to all historians and mods for keeping is professional and allowing me to learn new things here everyday.
Even though I’m far away from ever posting or commenting, I will also join the choir and say; thank you for an amazing sub!
I'm glad I've got a chance to say this without post being removed but I've learned so much from this sub and I love how well sourced and nuanced all posts, replies and discussions are.  


Thank you mods and thank you historians!
Completely agree. Tis' an awesome place.
This sub is amazing and I've listened to much of the podcast too. Thank you to all the wonderful professionals who share their knowledge and insights with us, I've learned so much and gained respect for areas of history I didn't even know existed.
Honestly one of the most interresting, well moderated and informative subs I have joined. Kudos to both moderators and historians here.
The best moderated sub for sure
Agreed.  My fav subreddit by  far. Yall do amazing work. Thank you. 😍😍😍😍😍
Piling on to say another thankyou. I never post or reply, but always give it a read.
I've learned more here in this sub than I ever did before, because most answers lead to me studying the topic further. Thank you to all the mods and contributors.
Not an historian, and I don't have any sources to back this up, but I absolutely love this sub and it's contributors.
Thanks, mods! I'm just a lurker here, but I'm always curious and I find the topics that get covered (and the enthusiasm with which questions get answered) simply wonderful. Thank you for helping to make this sub the enriching space it is!
Adding another positive comment, I really enjoy this sub and appreciate the insane amount of effort you guys put into moderating it!
I was here!!


Thanks mods for everything you do
This is the best subreddit Imo and the mods are awesome.
Mods are asleep. Thank them for all their hard work!
This sub is the reference point I see used in other conversations about how to handle the size vs quality issue.  A sub gets born, attracts a good community and great content which eventually leads to explosive growth.  Almost certain this leads to low effort, poo-posting and karma farmers and the mods can’t/won’t crack down.

AskHistorians is an oasis in a shit-desert.  Thanks mods!
Respect the Mods!
*[Unsourced response claiming the mods were responsible for 9/11]*
Might as well join in to say: thrive followed this subreddit since 2013, but in the last year it’s had a real impact on me, as I started checking it more frequently and closely, and even contributing a few answers myself for some reason. Not only have I learned more about *facts* about history, I’ve gotten a better sense about the *process* of history—how to think and research it—more so perhaps than I have in any of my history classes. As an aspiring thespian/brand new graduate, I’ve recently developed a deep interest in pursuing theatre history and dramaturgy (doing historical research on the subject matter of a play), which I attribute in part to AskHistorians. Makes me wish I could’ve developed this interest sooner, so I could have double majored or at least minored in history (so many things I’d do differently if I was starting college the way I ended it), but I may wind up going to grad school in the next few years, so at least there’s that!

Thanks for everything, mods!
I feel like a really good book could be compiled on the questions and answers in this sub and you'd make great money publishing it tbh.
Agreed!  I keep this [link](https://slate.com/technology/2018/07/the-askhistorians-subreddit-banned-holocaust-deniers-and-facebook-should-too.html) handy at all times because of the mods here and how they run it. 

I was only a history minor in college (mostly WW2) but one day I’d like to give a response here. I just don’t want always have sources handy to backup what I’d say.
I'll join the chorus of praise here, because unless there's ever a question about the historical and cultural significance of Circle of Life from The Lion King, I'll probably never have a chance to comment!
A lot of comments along these lines but I'm gonna add mine to the pile anyway. I love reading this sub because the answers are always in depth and informative. Yeah it sucks when I go on an interesting question and all the comments have been deleted, but if I'm really interested I can usually come back later and find a detailed answer.

I never have anything to contribute, but that's ok. I come here to learn stuff.
the best sub on reddit by a huge, wide, massive, bulging margin.
I can link other posts on this subreddit as sources...? Thus making it 100% accurate.  

The dedication really is appreciated.
Mods, please don’t delete this post. It may or may not be against the rules, but it is a kind gesture from us all
Yayyyyy imma comment here .
This is the only "I know you'll remove this" that hasn't made me cringe.

Thanks OP and thanks mods!
can i be in the background are cute.
I love this sub
Appreciate you all! Everyone in this community is wonderful!
"Don't thank me, thank you very cool
Yes, thank you sir or madam
I've been lurking this sub for a long time and it's one of my all time favorites and the sub I use to introduce people to Reddit. Thank you for all the hard work it is truly appreciated!
Thank you AH Mods for running the best subreddit in existence!!!
Just posting this comment so I can say I replied a post in askhistorians and it wasn't deleted. Seriously though, you guys are awesome, I have learned a lot here and I love this sub so much
This is easily the best-moderated "Ask\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_" sub I've seen. Strict guidelines that don't intrude on content and which are consistently enforced. Love it.
I absolutely love this sub and I am excited to finally be able to comment on this blessed day!
holy fuck I can actually comment for once 


this sub is my absolute favorite, it's such a weird sensation to feel like I'm not wasting time on reddit yet somehow yall achieve it. 



*very sincere kisses and hugs*
Rigorous moderation works, thank you mods!
I agree. Very informative
I would like to express my gratitude to the contributors of this subreddit. I have a passing interest in history, and I am so glad I'm done taking history in school. With that said, this subreddit still maintains some strict standards that make for some excellent posts. This subreddit may not provide all answers outright, but it provides an excellent place to begin your research on the topic. Appreciation to the mods and all of you who write up some elaborate posts.
Truly one of the greatest subs! It's so informative and engaging. Thank you for everything!
Absolutely! After seeing so many subs explode due to bad mods, and worse audience, I came to really appreciate this.
I would like to back up this sentiment. I've spent many hours lurking on this sub, and its always extremely informative and I've learned tons each time! Many of the experts on here perform the balancing act of being relatively concise while still managing to give full and complete responses. Thanks for being so generous with your time and knowledge!
I'm just trying to make a post here. Maybe it won't get deleted. Maybe this is my time to shine!
So glad someone decided to post this.

I really really would like to send a huge thank you to those who post here. I've seen more in depth answers than I could have ever dreamed of.

We all know that making a post that complies with the sub rules is a whole lot of work and I must commend you on all the effort you put into replying in a clear way and fact based answers.
I appreciate this sub more than any other sub. Thank you all for your passion and dedication to quality.
Mods ain’t removing some well-deserves flattery
Eyyyyy! I can comment! Thank you mods! Y'all are great, and I appreciate your work!
Historian who is too lazy to contribute to this community here. This sub is amazing!
Wow! first time commenting in this sub
Agreed. I know you probably get a lot of crap for all the deletions, but it is magnificent.

Just yesterday, my 15 year old was miserable because he had a history paper to write. I told him to come here. He'll find something interesting to write, it'll be easier to read than some history textbook, and there will be a bibliography... So you'll get a subject, ideas on pieces to write about the topic, and books to go read to get more details. It worked like a charm!

Me, on the other hand.... I just enjoy the gems I get out of this, daily. I used to be just a fan of the world wars, but have a bookshelf full of books from interesting topics discussed here. So thank you mods and thank you historians. You guys take free time for our education and enjoyment. Thank you!
Lmao thats one way of putting it.
This sub is probably my favourite. I love that the mods are absolutely firm on the limits and requirements on posting, it's brilliant and wonderful and makes for such an *enjoyable* and *educational* reading experience.

Thank you guys.
Have to chime in - this is my favourite sub as well. Just wish the remind me bot was more than two days.
I love these meta threads. As someone whose only expertise is curiosity, I can post without having to worry about comment removal.  
Hi mom!
[removed]    ......    just kidding!  Thanks for all the effort you put into making sure only factual, quality content gets posted!
I love this sub - I think I’ve learned as much from AskHistorians as I did from my history classes in my bachelor’s!
Seconded.  This is one of my go-to subs.  The posts here are outstanding.
Agreed, this subreddit is like a magical place compared to the rest of the internet forums I have seen.
This is the best sub I follow; funny as hell and really informative at the same time
I wish there was something similar to /r/legaladvice  and /r/bestoflegaladvice, I miss the possibility to interact/read interactions from other redditors.
Thanks, nerds!
r/AskHistorians is not one of the best places on reddit. Its one of the best places on the entire internet!
This is actually the best community on reddit
I'm so thankful for the mods and content contributors here. This sub is what drew me to Reddit in the first place, and I thought I'd find a kinds of subjects to match. Turns out I was wrong, and this is just a unique and special place! 

Thanks for working so hard to bring real history to the people!
Source?     
;)
I absolutely couldn't agree more.  It always makes me proud of the Mods, here, when I go into a comment thread and see all of the "Removed" comments with inevitably one having an explanation from the mods about why they've removed everything (to the comment asking why everything had been removed).
Hands down one of my favorite subs. I never post here but am an avid reader. Love the content.
Ya since I started reddit like 10 years ago this has been the best sub. My brother who introduced me to reddit even first showed me this sub and said "this is basically the best sub and most consistent" and he was absolutely right. Yall are great
this may get buried but has there ever been any consideration to have answer comments include background context on the person providing the answer? (E.g. I am a lay person who has deeply studied this topic vs I am a professor at an R1 university researching xyz field)
This is, by far, the best organised subreddit I ever encounter. Mods are amazing at doing their jobs and it's a treat for anybody who loves history.
Yeah, this sub is great.
I learn so much from this sub. I’m so grateful for it.
As a history major this is one of my favorite subs! I love how accurate educational and unbiased u guys keep this bad boy 😭 it’s a god sent
Some of the best moderators on reddit IMO keep it up guys!
Yes this sub reddit is amazing and appreciated by everyone who has seen it!
I want to say thanks to everyone who shares their knowledge on this subreddit, I’ve learned so much. I really appreciate everyone who takes the time to write such awesome and educational answers.
Since this is an appreciation thread, I'll add my thoughts.  I really appreciate the heavy curation of this sub.  I'm glad there are places like this for serious, fact-based information.  We have millions of places on the Internet for "the lols" and memes.  This doesn't have to be one of them, and I'm glad I found you doing this work.
You guys are awesome. I really don't mind opening a topic of a question I find interesting and see it all filled with [removed], because I know that those posts simply weren't good enough to be here. It's a sign of quality, because it's not just about doing a good job, it's about doing an excellent job.

I applaud your work to promote excellency in this day and age.

Thank you.
No time to waste...Beep bop...Time to become a part of history here bois.
[removed]
Turns out they haven't removed it, and that is another thing to thank them for as this post provides us and avenue with which to express our great gratitude for their wonderful work here. Thank you mods
I use the contents of this sub for some opening slash make up talk after a fight with the wife, probably saved my marriage more than once
This is one of the best resources not just on Reddit, but on the Internet—the way posts are curated plus the accessibility of the answers not only provides people with great information, but also teaches them *how* to information, if you take my meaning.  

I've been able to post maybe twice here, once as a top-level answer to a thread on "the Five Good Emperors" and once as a lower-level answer to an American Civil War questions. Both times were a treat, both times an experience that made me approach teaching in this internet space with something less than reverence but more than rote respect. I wish this were the standard for more of the Internet. It's also a delight as a reader and lurker seeing an exciting question get asked, clicking through a rabbit hole of responses and links to responses, knowing I'll be finding out something cool about the past, and therefore about the present.

Kudos to y'all for making this and for continuing to make it.
The crowning achievement of my Reddit career is without a doubt getting a [joke comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/5kdnoj/how_golden_was_the_golden_age_of_islam_and_is_dr/dbnk7jw/?context=3) approved by a mod on this sub.
I can finally shit post in /r/AskHistorians? Thank you mods for running one of the best communities on reddit.
Hear hear
Seconded, thank you!
The one bastion of light in the cesspit that is reddit.
Wanted to extend my thanks also.  It gives me not just entertainment and knowledge, but, a little more faith in humanity.   This subreddit is awesome, thank you.
This is a truly quality subreddit!
WhY aRe AlL tHe CoMmEnTs DeLeTeD
Thought about making the same post yesterday.
Please don't remove this mods.
POST DELETED - OFF TOPIC
Does no one think this is just a karma farm....
Delete this post immediately
Historically, these get deleted.
Haha the only thing that will bend the rules around here is flattery
How did the dandelion, an edible and remarkably versatile plant, come to be classified as a weed?
I was reading in the memoir of a Great Depression survivor that she would stop and gather dandelions while out looking for work and bring them all home for a dandelion dinner in case her mother had been unable to find anything to eat. This piqued my interest, and I did some research on the dandelion. I was shocked out how versatile this plant was-- the leaves were edible, the roots could be roasted as a coffee substitute, the milky sap inside the stem was said to have medicinal properties, and the flower tops could even be bottled and made into wine! 

How and why did the dandelion come to be known as nothing more than a pesky weed? It seems like this flower got the raw end of the deal.

**EDIT:** Wow. First of all, let me say that I am deeply thankful for the insightful, in-depth responses provided by both /u/gothwalk and /u/WRCousCous. You both have gone above and beyond in addressing my query, and I did not expect such expert-level responses to my question about the humble dandelion.

Secondly, I am blown away with how popular this post has become. I cannot believe that it is the most highly upvoted question of all time in /r/AskHistorians. I hope this has exposed many people to the lost arts of foraging plants for food and medicine. This is something I feel that everyone should know more about. (*Please* be absolutely certain that you have positively ID'ed any plant that you intend to ingest, especially if you are dealing with fungi. Otherwise your delicious salad may kill you :) )
[deleted]
[removed]
So, dandelions. First, in terms of the Great Depression, they're one of the generally disregarded products of the Columbian Exchange - there are some varieties of dandelion or closely related plants native to North America, but the ones you'd generally recognise are Old World imports. It's not clear whether they were intentionally imported or not, but given their seeding habits, the chances are good that they were accidental. They grow *anywhere*, and can be incredibly destructive plants when they push up through paving or have their roots crack through walls.

They're regarded as a food or medicinal plant through recorded history, though never as a particularly desirable one. Abū Bakr Muhammad ibn Zakariyyā al-Rāzī, known in the west as Rhazes, wrote about them around 900CE, but only as a medicinal plant, and Avicenna (Ibn Sina) reputedly devoted an entire chapter to them in one work a century later. As far as I can tell, though, they're not included by Al-Warraq in his cookery book in Baghdad, roughly contemporaneous with Ibn Sina (at least, I can't find any reference to them under the names I know, and the translator of the edition I have, Nawal Nasrallah, hasn't included them in the index of ingredients). They were almost certainly included in the range of green plants used by European medieval peasants in pottages, although, again, they're not actually included in any of the lists provided by Peter Brears in *Cooking and Dining in Medieval England*.

The Victorians seem to have made more use of the dandelion. E. Lewis Sturtevant, writing in 1886, notes it grown for the Boston market in 1836, and he says the seed is for sale in "various seed catalogues of 1885" in no less than 6 varieties. The first mention of dandelion as a vegetable he could find in England was 1846 in the Gardeners' Chronicle, where it's described as "a beautiful and delicate blanched salad". He also says "[t]he influence of rich soil and protected growth upon the dandelion is to give increased size and succulence to the plant, and to thicken the branching of the leaves", which is in line with most cultivated versions of wild plants. There was considerable interest in the Victorian era in new and exotic vegetables, much as there is now, and if they could be got by cultivating wild plants, so much the better.

However, dandelions, once grown, can be very hard to remove from a given location. The taproot - which is edible too - can go down a metre without much difficulty, and unless it's pulled out entirely, the plant will regrow from it. This is a feature if you're harvesting it, since it'll reappear within weeks, but if you're trying to clear it from a bed to make way for something else, it's a pain. This is probably one of the two reasons that it's not really grown for food anymore - the other being that it's not terribly good. Arugula, or rocket, is generally better tasting than the leaf. The flowers *can* be made into a hedgerow wine, but you generally need to add other things (lemons, for example) to get anything that tastes palatable. The root can be dried, roasted, and ground to make a drink that is claimed to be like coffee, presumably by people who have never had coffee - but actual coffee, or even chicory, is better. And so forth. By 1911, the Britannica says, somewhat delicately, "[f]or the purposes formerly recognized taraxacum is now never used". In addition, the difference between the cultivated and the wild dandelion isn't really enough to merit growing it deliberately.

They're not the only vegetable to disappear from modern use through inconvenience - there's one called skirrets, which resembles carrots and parsnips, but has a bunch of longer, thinner roots, which are obviously more difficult to peel and cook than their fatter cousins, so they've been left behind. Likewise, alexanders, a leafy green, is more bitter and requires more cooking than celery, its closest modern equivalent, so it's been abandoned as well. I haven't eaten skirrits (yet), but I can assure you that alexanders taste like freshly cut hedgerow smells.

They're not _completely_ absent from modern cuisine, although they always seem to come with caveats. Harold McGee notes that it's 'occasionally grown on a small scale'. They're used in a traditional English soft drink called Dandelion & Burdock, which is still made (a brand called Fentimans is the one I know). There is a claim in various articles that a local variety called 'koproradiko' or 'mari' is eaten in Crete as a salad ingredient, or boiled, but it occurs in so many places with exactly the same phrasing that I suspect it's copied from a single source, and I can't find anything to back it up. They're eaten in Greece in general, though, as one of many plants under the label 'horta', and are known there as 'radikia'. 'Horta vrasta', which seems to be literally 'boiled greens' is possibly the most authentically historical way to eat them. Blanched leaves (grown under cover) are sometimes seen in salads in vegetarian restaurants here in Ireland, too, and they're occasionally used in French cuisine.

**Sources:**


E. Lewis Sturtevant, 'A Study of the Dandelion', _The American Naturalist_, Vol. 20, No. 1 (Jan., 1886), pp. 5-9  
Harold McGee, _On Food And Cooking: The Science and Lore of the Kitchen_  
Nawal Nasrallah, _Annals of the Caliphs' Kitchens_  
Peter Brears, _Cooking and Dining in Medieval England_  
_Encyclopedia Brittannica_, 1911 Edition  

Follow up question: I've heard that dandelions were originally introduced to North America by European colonists who intended to use them as food, and they were often used in Europe. Is this true?
Beyond the aesthetic issues, dandelions cause a number of actual financial problems for cultivation. They basically can grow abundantly in any type of field. They reduce crop yields, slow down the drying of hay and similar crops (due to high water content), act as host to a number of crop devastating pests such as the [boll weevil](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boll_weevil), bacteria, and viruses. Over use of it medically can shut down the liver. The pollen is an allergen that can contaminate honey. Along with affecting the honey, dandelions attract bees away from fruiting plants in orchards that need their services (however while perception of this impact is high, the effect is minimal). For lawns and grass courses, they have a higher water requirement than the grasses but can out compete, survive, and even kill nearby grasses. 

There are some positive things about the plant, such as medicinal value, soil enrichment, and animal feed; however there are better alternatives that have less negatives.

Now regarding the actual history in change of perception, I can only speculate and I won't. 

Hello everyone, 

If you are a first time visitor, welcome! This thread is trending high right now and getting a lot of attention, but it is important to remember those upvotes represent interest in the question itself, and [it can often take time for a good answer to be written](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/6a5duv/a_statistical_analysis_of_10000_raskhistorians/). The mission of /r/AskHistorians is to provide users with **in-depth and comprehensive responses**, and our [rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules) are intended to facilitate that purpose. *We remove comments which don't follow them for reasons including unfounded speculation, shallowness, and of course, inaccuracy*. Making comments asking about the removed comments simply compounds this issue. So please, before you try your hand at posting, check out the [rules](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/rules), as we don't want to have to warn you further.

Of course, we know that it can be frustrating to come in here from your frontpage or /r/all and see only *[removed]*, but we ask for your patience and understanding. Great content is produced on this subreddit every day though, and we hope that while you wait, you will check out places they are featured, including [Twitter](http://twitter.com/askhistorians), the [Sunday Digest](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/search?q=title%3A%22Sunday+Digest%22&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all), the [Monthly "Best Of"](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/bestof) feature, and now, [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/askhistorians/). It is very rare that a decent answer doesn't result in due time, so please do come check back on this thread in a few hours. If you think you might forget, send a [Private Message](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLINK%20INSIDE%20SQUARE%20BRACKETS%20else%20default%20to%20FAQs%5D%0A%0ANOTE:%20Don%27t%20forget%20to%20add%20the%20time%20options%20after%20the%20command.%0A%0ARemindMe!) to the [Remind-Me bot](https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/), and it will ensure you don't!

Finally, while we always appreciate feedback, it is unfair to the OP to further derail this thread with META conversation, so if anyone has further questions or concerns, I would ask that they be directed to [modmail](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskHistorians&subject=Question%20Regarding%20Rules), or a [META thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/submit?selftext=true&title=[META]). Thank you!
[removed]
Could you point us towards the links you saw that spoke to the plant's versatility?
[removed]
[removed]
