People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?

But when I finally do, it'll be the years biggest shit ^^^^^so ^^^^^far
I've been pissing out my ass all fuckin day.
Bold of you to assume I'm going to take a shit this year.
We have guests and I literally can't relax.
I caught a diarrhea stomach bug and have been either in bed or on the toilet since about 7pm New Year's Eve. It's now 22 hours later and I'm still trying to let go of all of last year's shit. Someone send help.
It's all I have
Quality shitpost 
I’m letting go right now as I type. 
"Fuck you, I won't poo when you tell me"
Everyone now thinking about the last time they pooped. Nicely played. 
I do what I want, buddy.
i’m constipated 

Edit: Free Bobby Shmurda
Waiting for the Apple Store to open
Let’s see who can go the longest in 2019 without taking a shit

Edit: This blew up..
[deleted]
My therapist says it’s because I have a hard time letting things go 
IT WON'T COME OUT. I need help :(
...huh.. i just realized i haven't pooped today.

Edit: obligatory thanks for the gold n' sliver. And my most upvoted comment is about poopin'  #hashtag!!1! blessed
I was actually sitting on the toilet at midnight.  New year, same shit.
I have trust issues 
I’ve poop twice since 2019 started, take that 2018! Your shit can’t hold me back any longer! 
I literally read this as I sat down for my first 2019 poop. 
I took Imodium for its labeled purpose yesterday evening and it is still working. 
Alcohol makes me constipated :P
I did an enema yesterday and didn't eat. 2019's first poop will be from food from 2019. Funny you should ask. 
cocaine
I don't poop at work
Because, much like 2018, I don't give a crap in 2019.
Woke up at 3am because I caught the stomach virus my daughter and my son had. 

I’ve lost like 4 pounds in the last 12 hours thanks to pooping and vomiting.

Wahoo, back under my pre-pregnancy weight. 
It won't let go of ME!
Ask this fucking annoying body of mine
I'm not ready to release the humongous 2018 crap out yet. Give us time
Then 2019 is official, right now, as I typed this...(grunt.. sigh) Happy New Year! 
Decided to go to the hospital for chest pains from2018. Hooked up to iv adavan and torrsomething. Maybe ill make it out of here alive or not. Im 40 bday in 5 days to 41. Weight 342. Non smoker no drugs or alchohol. Diet in 18 was fish chicken and veggies plus half gallon of water a day. No high b pressure. No diabietes no high ldl. I walked in to er.before coming in neededto buy groceries. Bought apples blueberries rasberrys plus 2 salmon steaks (for if i get home tonight).
So I open up Reddit as I'm taking my 1st 2019 shit. Nice
Cause i only shit every 2-3 days
had a morning poop and an afternoon poop.  both very nice!
I pooped immediately after my 5 am shower. Real shitty way to start the new year.
10/10 quality shitpost
The past haunts me no matter how hard i push.
Wow. By the time I was half way reading this headline I became disqualified from answering this question.



Too much Turkey and stuffing and potatoes. My stomach is a brick.
Everybody remember to not pee for "Don't pee January"
Day 27...I’m beginning to see the demons. 
Ayoooo! We can comment on old posts again! 

I dumped that shit 2 years ago. Good thing too because COVID took all the toilet tissue.
There's no TP.
I just unloaded ALL of last years shit. 
Damn this post isn't even old enough to show the number for upvotes and it's on the front page with platinum
I had a homemade edible last night, when it decides to break free my bathroom is going to smell like snoop dogg’s chill spot. 
It’s been 39 days,  I should probably see a doctor
I had a Donner Kebab last night sunshine. No fucking way I could hold onto that for long. Launched this morning like a Chilean mudslide...
Reddit finally removed archiving! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!11
I ate a ribeye at 2am last night. Things are processing slowly. 
I had surgery a week ago and the stitches are located right at the top of my buttcrack. At first, pooping was something that my stitches could handle, but the last 2 days have been a nightmare. Every time I bend the wrong way, including sitting on the toilet, my incision bleeds. Seeing the doctor tomorrow, but until then- no pooping for me. 
Did anyone mention poop knives yet?
Cheese
why is this the top of all time
How would you feel about Reddit adding 3 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 2 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn and gore?

While we're at it can we add a fourth filter for posts asking if you'd be willing to stub your toe for a billion dollars?
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT HOW DO YOU FEEL POSTS ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL????
[removed]
Yes JFC can we please ban “how would you feel about [objectively good thing]” posts
[deleted]
This is a brilliant idea. Maybe just have 2 NSFW filters. One which covers gore and porn then another for the repetitive questions.
And another one for spiders please. Just spiders
successfully reading the title without stuttering in my brain made me feel smart
I had a stroke reading this
"How would you feel about X feature on reddit" posts shouldnt even be allowed

take them to a reddit suggestion sub or something
I have a simple proposition for a 36 filter system.
I am so sick of this question. Its literally one of the top posts of all time on here and I feel like I see it every week

Edit: Before anyone else replies, I knew that this post was a joke before I posted my comment. I was complaining about the frequency of the other question in this thread but I must've worded it badly
I got a stiffy and a flopper reading that question Op

Penis
Nsfw for porn, nsfl for gore.
It’s never going to happen. This has been asked for years, but them adding the tags would be them acknowledging that such content is prevalent on their platform.
Within 34 days this has become one of the most popular posts on this subreddit. Nice
[deleted]
FUCK THIS SUB
NSFW = Porn

NSFL = Gore

&#x200B;

This is the way. 

&#x200B;

Always has been.
I like not knowing what I'm about to get
And then another for karma mining with rhetorical questions!
Pink for porn and red for gore
Can we get a fourth one for meta bullshit?
 About the same as I'd feel if AskReddit banned "How would you feel" questions: It would make no difference to me, since I only click on them when I know what I'm getting into.
Cum
Yes pls. And tell me what the filter names are/ will be pls.
When I'm feeling horny, I think I wouldn't want to see gore 😂
So that would be much appreciated
Good
Don’t wanna see boobs when tying to have fun/s
 I’m kidding but the idea is really good
I wanna know if there putting cocks into vaginas or knifes into people
Sounds like a plan
I don’t know.  I’d have to see it in poll format to answer.
I don’t mind filters if they allow more content.
Should be a filter
Why has this not happened already?
The fact that people have to ask this of reddit is rediculous 🙄
WTF? I can comment on this?
Idk I kind of like the mystery will it be an ass getting plowed or will it be a decapitation the only way to find out is to click
Sounds good, but I also want a reddit filter that lets you block NSFW content from specific users.

There are a few women who post in NSFW subs who I'd very much *not* like to see naked more than once in my life, but I have no way of removing them from my general feed short of blocking them entirely (which I don't want to do).
I’d be for all three. I don’t want to see gore, nor repetitive posts. But maybe I’ll peek at something sexy!
How would you feel about feeling things? Bad things, good things? Does that make you feel and if so how?
The stupid posts calling out repetitive posts are now themselves becoming repetitive and stupid. How deep shall it go?

But for real, questions like these are beyond stupid and pointless, and there’s no reason it should have 160k upvotes lol. But that’s Reddit logic I suppose
I never even see NSFW on the front page but god DAMN would I love would a POLITICS filter so I don’t have to manually block 50+ subreddits
Yep. This is the one
This is a bit late,but can I get some free karma,I work hard
I want NSFW for actual nudity, NSFL for gore and ANSFW for the shit Americans consider needs a NSFW flag currently because it's a woman showing her ankle or something.
Only if we end up with 4 NSFW filters.

* Gore
* Boobs
* Repetitive posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 2 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn and gore?
* Passive Aggressive /r/AskReddit post about whatever is on the nerves of one redditor that most people don't give a *fuck* about. / karmawhore post.
Meta af
What a legend
We need to go deeper
All these people in the comments who didn't read the title lmao
Let's add 4

Porn, gore, repetitive posts, and complaints about repetitive posts

Because let's face it, this thread or a similar one always follows a question that people deem repetitive
Been using Reddit for years and have never clicked on a post to be surprised with unexpected gore. Guess I'm not on the edgiest subs though..
I mean, if you add the two filters, there's no need for the third one anymore.
id add a fourth for posts complaining about repetitive posts, by people who spend too much time on reddit
Got me there for a second. I was like FOR THE LOVE OF....Oh wait.
If only we could filter "How would you feel if..." Messages
people post gore on reddit? isn't that like banned or something? only gore I know of has been in quarantined or deleted subs

I'd like a filter to distinguish being male and female nudity though..
I would like a gore tag that I can turn off and never turn back on.
Green NSFW vs red
It’s NFSW and NSFL. Now fuck off
The reason the posts keep coming up is because reddit still hasn't made the change.
can u post a pick of ur dick plzzzz im horny
Tags could be a start.
just porn and gore
TBH and more seriously just add a filter for animal harm and abuse it just do something to me I can't describe but I can't watch it
I'd like a filter for posts that think they're funny but aren't.
NSFW, NSFL and NSFMD. (Not safe for Michael Douglas)
Need:porn =/> updooted standard porn


&, A level for OMFG... Watch this!!

Thankfully, as society evolves- the best porn recommendations come from women.... seriously by far the best
Go to horny jail
How about no filters so we can automatically access what we fucking want huh
Don't care still lots of other web sites out there.
I would actually love that
I am gonna be here for a long time
Lol
That's awesome indeed
And a fourth category consisting entirely of this post
There's porn on Reddit? 😳
I honestly would be great
ful. I'm new to reddit and don't want to see the same thing one million times in less than an hour.
Stop protecting me from me.
Now these my kind of questions
Third most popular ask reddit of all time
Absolutely
Trees, please
All I want is the hottest porn you can show me of every pornstar model there is
Yeah I guess that's alright,
hi Reddit tales
I'd love this. I get triggered by gore way more than porn
Porn and gore is all
I feel like making sure you dont get porn or gore are the better two you need to differentiate
That would be helpful mostly because I'm fine with gore but don't really want to see someones parts
Every horny person at the porn one: Dew it!
What I want to know is how this got so upvoted so quick!
Don’t think it’s that necessary, usually whatever someone writes will give you a hint as to what’s coming
I’ve seen this 4 times in the past 2 months and each time I’m like holy heck this is *controversial*
If ur concerned that the content u r looking at is nsfw maybe u should get off ur phone while ur at work... ya (minimum wage earning) bish
Fuck that. I like to be surprised.
This would actually be really good
I could beat off to all of it so it wouldn’t matter
i would love it
I mean, if you want too. I’m pretty much indifferent about it to be honest, so I’m good either way.
How much notifications do you get per day?
Replacing the filter or adding multiple per post? that makes a huge diffrence
How about an actually useful function like "view all comments" 

Foh with stupid different NSFW filters
This would be useful if I wanted to jerk off but I accidentally see a naked person.
This would make a great addition to reddit because it would separate us lonely blooks from the masochistic blooks
Yes! I'm all for all 3. I was literally thinking this the other day.
I don't know man I like the risk because everytime I enter an NSFW post it's sorta like Russian roulette like am I gonna be aroused or Am I gonna see someone naked.
We've been trying to reach you about your car's expiring warranty.
Easy, NSFWP, NSFWG, and NSFWSPAM
I believe there should be a fourth option of gory porn as well, just trying to be inclusive is all
One for spoilers
A podcaster I listen to told a story about YouTube flagging him for adult content.  He does astronomy amd physics.  It isn't for children. But they shouldn't be harmed for watching.
The only filter we need is a politics filter
make one red make one pink problem solved
i would block one the other 2 don't make me disgusted
Good. 50/50 will be a lot easier.
This is NSFW! You're about to witness *insert the type of content*
I have No idea
ADD IT, ADD IT, ADD IT, ADD IT, ADD IT, ADDIT!
I like the surprise. Don't add any filters.
Yes, we need this. Although I do like seeing some titties every so often when scrolling Reddit.
Bhen kii Lodhi
Mc stan
I feel like it would be better to have switches in the menu on your account that blocks NSFW(porn) and NSFW(gore) while they're activated
I would like that and i hate that your name acctually makes sence to my adhd mind
What about if you shut the fuck up and stop asking dumb ass questions
Good idea.
Even better : add another that filters out US politics
Reddit, how would you feel?
i was about to downvote. u fucker. nice
How would you feel about Reddit adding 4 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 2 NSFW filters to  distinguish between porn and gore and meta posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 3 NSFW filters to distinguish between porn, gore, and repetitive posts asking how you would feel about Reddit adding 2 NSFW filters to  distinguish between porn and gore ?
Would you watch a show where a billionaire CEO has to go an entire month on their lowest paid employees salary, without access to any other resources than that of the employee? What do you think would happen?

They'd be fine.

The problem with poverty is not usually day-to-day costs. People can adjust to that.  It's unexpected expenses that are crippling.

~~*Edit: Why are people still responding two weeks later! Nobody is reading this thread any more! At least not the responses at the bottom*~~ (Edit2: rant was too whiney. If you have something to say, who am I to say otherwise?)
It would be better if they had to live *with* their lowest salaried employee for a month or two, imo.   
In their house, dinner with the family, travel to and from work together, same lunch, kids with homework, the works.

Building that relation would imo do much more for this problem than just "experiencing below your normal standard of living before returning to it"..   
You're more likely to feel empathy for a family you know, and much less likely to forget them.

Anything else would just be another show about *wealthy people having a fun adventure to talk about at cocktail parties*
I doubt a month is enough to really feel the effect
It would be incredibly self-serving and boring. They would never truly experience what it is like to be in the precarious position of a minimum wage employee living hand-to-mouth and the 'novelty' is just salt in the wound. 

It would be more interesting to see the reverse.
There was this similar themed show in Hongkong and Mainland China years ago.

They swapped billionare with bottom feeders, let the rich do the basical job, on the lowest salary, to see how far the rich could go by purely their own effort. 

Nearly all of the billionare admitted that they could not make anywhere, regardless of how hard they worked, even working without sleeping and resting could not give you any accumulation to help climb up to the higher level of the society.

There was only despair, and admission that the divide between the poor and the rich is already a deep valley and mere personal effort makes little sense.

It stirred big debate among the society back then, and I think that was part of the reaons the show got cancelled .

There was also another show in China, swapping senior political figures with community level council workers, to see how good they could do in each other's posts. The mayors were flooded by the angry mobs who kept asking for more and more benefits that were impossible to fullfil, by the end had to admit the amount of work at basic community level was too much to archieve anywhere.

The show also got cancelled quite soon after a few episodes.
3 months minimum and I'd watch it

Thanks for the gold!!
I love Reality shows so I'd watch it depending on who produces it. 

If it's too fake, with too many "emotional" moments, advertising and people shouting, I'm out.
It’s more than just the money. It’s the lack of security these people endure. Not knowing if you’ll lose your job tomorrow and having no savings. Being kicked out of your home. An unexpected bill you can’t afford, which may lead to increasing debt. 

Putting these rich people in a “poor” lifestyle for a month isn’t enough. Even if they lost their money and homes, they’ll have such a huge network that they’ll be back on their feet in the time it takes for us peons to earn enough to eat for a week. They can never truly understand what it’s like to be poor or ever face that reality again. 

So what would happen? It’d be a completely self-serving advert about how “now I realise that we need to do more for our employees.” The workers get a small vanity bonus, probably give an immigrant worker with limited English a car, pat themselves on the back. Then two weeks later, we’ve all forgotten about the show and they’ll go back to their old ways.
Isn’t this almost the same as secret millionaire? Do you guys have that in the US?
Lots of rich people voluntarily go on vacation to third world countries. The catch is, they know they have a way out and an end date. 

I'd be interested to watch a show where the CEO had to personally be financially responsible for the welfare of 50% of their lowest payed employees for 10 years, and their net growth percentage equalled their bonus every year, with a big bonus if both the company and the employees were profitable at the end.
Sure. They would never do that though, because then they would have to admit that they don't pay a living wage.
I'd do more than a month and without any contact to rich buddies either. If it's a month, I think a lot would just buy rice and beans every day and go "See? It's super easy to be poor! You just need to make economical choices! I've proven myself right!" Longer than that and they'll really have to get used to how their lowest paid employees live. Would they learn a lesson? Maybe. Likely not. They still have a mansion to come back home to. They'll give their lowest paid people a one time bonus or maybe they'll drag one out in front of a camera to give them a fancy car so their own reputation gets better. And then they won't change anything else.
1 month isn't long enough because no rent is due etc.
They wouldn't have any trouble. Most of them are self made and most have a large number of financial skills that 99% of people don't. They'd micro their finances and come out better off than most people.

You think someone like Jeff Bezos, or Bill Gates, or Elon Musk couldn't handle it? Or what about Warren Buffet? The dude is already living a modest life.

A lot of dumbasses in the comments seem to fail to realize that a lot of these billionaires were already in a super shitty position before, and pulled themselves out of it.

These people run massive corporations and charities and you dumbasses seriously think that living your life for a few months would be a challenge? That's some cringe.
You should watch Undercover Billionaire on Discovery (not to be confused with Undercover Boss). Billionaire Glenn Stearns moves to Erie PA with just $100, a truck and no contacts and has to make a company valued at $1 million in 90 days. He also can't mention who he is to anyone. It's pretty much exactly like you are describing and insanely entertaining.
There was an episode of American Dad where they tried to live on minimum wage for a month- it was FANTASTIC.
No. 

Slumming is not living your entire life in a slum.  

Here is what will happen: 

- Fake billionaires like Trump will come to this show. Real billionaires will probably not. 

- those who appear on this show will brag about how they are self made and their employees could make do with even less. 


- We will find out, like Naked and Afraid, that outside of cameras these billionaires were living in their luxury RVs , sipping martinis and having affairs.
They would just treat it as a novelty since they know they will be getting their billions back at the end of the month. They wouldn't have to truly live like a person does who lives hand to mouth every day of their lives. They wouldn't really learn anything from it, in fact they would probably look back on it and laugh, "Oh remember when we had to eat that can of ravioli hahaha!"
They would have to swap everything down to the last detail. Apartment, car (if they even have one), wardrobe, food, hobbies, etc. And it would have to be on going, not just a couple months. 

The real question is: how to get a CEO to agree to this?
Only if they also put a low level employee in the CEO's position to highlight that it's not all golf games and getting other people to do your work.
Depends if he is self made or not. Self made rich people often know very well what it means to be poor and that's why they worked so hard to not be.
No. I hate all reality TV that doesn't feature Gordon Ramsay
What if God came down one day and said "It's pronounced 'Jod' then left?

*What if Jod was one of us?*
A large chunk of my taking the lord's name in vain would go away.
Do you want a Holy War? Because that's how you get a Holy War.
He would also say, “my name isn’t God” then he would pronounce his name and everyone’s faces would melt.
We’d be like, “No way!” and he’d be like, “Yahweh.”

edit: holy shit, y’all are making my day
I would be converted


Edit: thanks for the upvotes and awards guys!=D
What if Satan came down one day and said ''It's pronounced 'Zlatan' then left?
“I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it’s a stupid-ass decision, I’ve elected to ignore it.”
Then all of Scandinavia will pronounce it like "Yod" and the Spanish will pronounce it like "Hod"
You'd have different religious factions arguing that they're right and the other is wrong

Oh wait
Does that mean Jesus would be pronounced Geezus?
#Joddamnit.
It’s been 7 years since the creator of gifs confirmed the correct pronunciation of the word. This just proves that nobody on the internet has forgiven him.
“They are illusions Michael! A trick is something a whore does for money”
Graphic Omnipotent Deity.

No, that's a hard G, bud.
All the “JIF” people would be really happy
Then we can be divisive on a whole slew of new things!


Was that really God?

It's a hoax!

Who made God leave again?

I bet it was the liberals! They drove god away!

Jod was talking to me in particular!  Only I may refer to him as such!

We have to Murder anyone who dare says it with a hard "G"! Its Jods will!
"Oh jod"
“I respect all religions equally”

*earlier that day*

“I don’t care for Jod”
Jesus is actually pronounced Yeshua. I doubt he would care.
[deleted]
God isn't really a name though.
"Actually, it's pronounced "Loyd""

https://youtu.be/IJbvc31d1OE
100% would still pronounce it GIF, not JIF.
Heh jokes on you. Here we call him Allah.ha!
Get back here and answer for children with cancer, you motherfucker!
Well I'd have to think he's just trolling because God actually isn't even his name. His name is YHWH, God is just what people called him when they didn't want to use his actually name and after a while it just became the only thing people called him. Christians, Jews, and Muslims only believe in one god so calling their god "God" never had the problem of becoming confusing. Though I know certain sect of Christians call him Jehovah, which seems to be an anglicized version of YHWH. And also Allah is just Arabic for God, it's not another name for him. It's like the equivalent of Christians saying Deus, the only difference is Latin has lost it's value as the Christian/Western world's lingua franca.
Would Satan make an announcement that it’s pronounced sah-tin instead of say-tin
I would be like "didn't see that coming"
Become a heretic. I refuse to pronounce it “Jod”
I'm unsubscribing
Why would YHWH be speaking English or care what the English word for god is?  That’s not his name, it’s just our word for entities like him.
Kneel before Jod?
In that case praise Geezus
Oh my Jod we messed up
Zod
God is just a title to signify his level of power, his proper name is different depending on how you believe. Jehovah, Yahweh, Allah, Zarathustra, etc.
People's names are their own, and the owner of the name is the exclusive authority on its pronunciation. Anyone who doesn't listen to someone when they inform how to pronounce their name is an asshole.
‘Geez guys no wonder I didn’t answer your prayers’
How would you feel about a feature where if someone upvotes a crosspost, the original post is upvoted automatically?

what about subs that crosspost from other subs to mock them?
The karmaceutical companies would be outraged.
[deleted]
It would be weird to see a post in a smaller subreddit with thousands of points just because it got crossposted somewhere more popular.
[removed]
The thing is that a good post on one sub might be a bad post on another. If something is relevant in one sub but irrelevant in another, the downvotes from the sub where it's not relevant would take upvotes from the post that's highly relevant.
Will totally lead to abuse
Would prevent karma theft
Are imaginary points really that important to you?
Ehh, sometimes you crosspost because OP was a dick, so no
Different subs exist for different content.

should upvotes on /r/watchpeopledie boost a troll post to /r/aww ?
What about downvotes?
Too many ways to abuse that system. You would have people cross-posting their shitposts all over the place.
Karma farmers will just download and reupload the image before posting instead of using the crosspost function.       Regardless, I think it'd be a nice feature.
I dunno OP how would you feel about world peace?
I would rather have development go into a feature where a user doesn't see crossposted content more than one time in their feed.
Does it matter? Karma literally does nothing
No. Just because a post is good/bad on one subreddit doesn't mean it's good/bad on another subreddit.
How would you feel if people didn't use Askreddit for stupid shit like this?
This is not a good idea.  Think about it: someone could game the system and self-cross-post their own work to garner more publicity.  Imagine a musician wants to post their song, after posting a on a major subreddit they could then cross post to all the music subreddits out there that they feel fall within that subreddits guidelines, and even four or five extra upvotes from each subreddits means their post would become extremely popular on the subreddit they originally intended.

Maybe this only would be a good idea if a certain threshold was met.
How about when a *repost* if upvoted the karma goes to the original.
Reddit is entirely comprised of either self posts, or links to other posts on other sites. Another post in another subreddit is no different - just sharing content from elsewhere outside the target sub.
[removed]
Seems like another easy way to farm karma.
It would ruin subreddits like r/lostredditors
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩☆۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

☆★☆ 𝐄𝐏𝐒𝐓𝐄𝐈𝐍 𝐃𝐈𝐃𝐍'𝐓 𝐊𝐈𝐋𝐋 𝐇𝐈𝐌𝐒𝐄𝐋𝐅 ☆★☆

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩☆۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
god yall care too much about internet points
On one hand that would be helpful most of the time, and on the other there are many instances where a post is appropriate for the subreddit to which it was crossposted but not the original. For instance, I regularly see crossposts from r/youdontmattergiveup to r/dontdeadopeninside for which I would like to upvote the crosspost but downvote (and report) the original post.

Conversely, there are crossposts that I would like to downvote for being off-topic but I would like to upvote the original.

What I would like to see is upvote and downvote buttons within the crosspost window thing.
How about who gives a fuck about karma.
CAW CAW CAW!
People could potentially game the system to artificially boost posts by crossposting to a ton of subs.
I see this as an absolute win
Why are you asking this like you have the power to do something about it?
[removed]
I just wouldn't care. It's fake internet points that do nothing.
How about Reddit gets rid of this upvote/downvote bullshit all together and just let people discuss. No more karma  crap. Why do people care about karma? Except that it's artificially created drama by the developers and people fall for it.
it's hard to express how much I wouldn't care.
Or just remove karma so people stop whoring for karma.
karma bots would have a fucking field day
Not a fan because a post is as much about the context of the sub as it is about the content.
No. The relevance of subject matter will vary by subreddit. Relevance of a crosspost to r/TotallyNotRobots has no bearing on how appropriate the original post was to r/AliensAmongUs, and visa-versa.
[deleted]
I'd feel indifferent. My penis won't grow bigger from getting a bajillion internet points.
who cares
How about *only* the OP gets the upvotes on their account, but the repost still trends according to current upvotes?
Great
Just because someone posted a submission that is off-topic in a specific  subreddit, that is then crossposted to a more appropriate subreddit and  becomes successful, does not mean that the original poster gets credit  for posting something that doesn’t fit in the original subreddit.
People would cross post their own shit in as many subs as they could find to whore for karma and reddit would get even shittier than it already is.
That would be amazing.
I think if implemented correctly, it really could work. But it needs to be more than just "If repost is upvoted, the original post also gets an upvote", in order to prevent abuse. But it totally could work, and it would also give credit to the original post - especially if it's not the same poster, and the new post has way more upvotes than the original. But it needs to be implemented correctly.
I would also feel pretty good about a feature that upvoted the original post when someone steals karma from  a good one by reposting it as their own.
I think that back when reddit started 12 years ago, most of the audience were IT people sitting in server rooms typing halfway thoughtful comments on keyboards.

Now that it’s just a bunch of 12-year-old dip shit saying whatever comes into their stupid little heads on their cell phones I think the quality has dropped

You can rearrange the deck chairs on this titanic all you want but the fact is they captured lightning in a bottle and then they let it go. Someone else is going to capture that lightning and that’s where I’d like to devote my creative energy.
YESSSSSSSSSS
Sounds fair to me
This would be an EPIC addition to reddit. I have had people cross post things by me and get 3x the amount of upvotes, and have me accused of reposts.
Wrote this Christmas rap for my talent show (in the voice of playboi carti kinda nervous to share it haha lol). Here we go

Santa wanna suck my dick (dih)

His elves wanna suck my dick (dih)

His bitch wanna suck my dick (Miss Claus)

Cookies and milk got a bitch looking thick (thih)

In my stocking that’s a blick (blam)

Flexing on Dasher hit him with the stick (blam)

Grand theft auto, stole Santa’s whip (sleigh)

Bend it over on my jingle balls, bitch (woah)

Make that ho ho ho lick the tip (yuh)

On the naughty list, I’m really with the shit (yah)

See Prancer under the mistletoe (bitch)

Reach back like a pimp, slap the ho (jolly)

The grinch trying to fuck, that’s a no (yuck)

Miss Piggy you can get it though (woo)

Santa in the kitchen eating an Oreo (snack)

Another Christmas in the 3-1-0 (yuh)
Hi /u/Daler_Mehndi
I’m in love with that idea
I’m surprised it isn’t a thing yet
interesting
[deleted]
Lol. Nearly 180 days since this post has been created. 2 days until this post gets archived.
Upvotes and downvotes are meaningless so why complicate uselessness?
How about a feature where you can cash your karma for real world currency
I see double, triple, n-times voting on the same post.
I like the idea but some posts don't fit particular subs, so a post not appropriate for a sub could get upvoted because it was crossposted into a more fitting sub.
Is Joe Biden plagiarizing again?
sort by top in a lot of small subreddits would be skewed heavily by crossposts to major subreddits
I could see this being abused.
Like it but would depend on the context of the subreddit
Problem is with crossposts that criticize or make fun of the original
It sounds okay, butt I might not wanna upvote the post in the original sub,
Tell me how anyone could EVER successfully implement that, and I'm on board.
Would be better if it upvotes the original and downvoted the copy post
I like this idea, but maybe allow mods to turn it off on their sub.
No because the individual communities should decide what gets up voted in their sub. However links to the same source content reposted within a certain time frame should have this happen, where the original post gets the karma.
Sometimes posts are upvoted because they fit the theme of the subreddit very well. For example, if someone crossposts something from r/funny onto r/breathinginformation then there would be no correlation between the 2 posts getting upvotes. If you upvote the post on r/breathinginformation, you're not saying it's particularly funny, and vice versa. When upvoting, context matters.
LOVE it.
There are some problems, maybe just make the upvote/downvote buttons there for the original and xpost.
Hell no. Original might be a r/lostredditors case, while the second one is posted in the correct subreddit. So. Also, it is good the way it is I don't think there is need for a change.
*casually crossposts to a Q&A subreddit*
No, the original might not be the best place for the post but if it hits r/all then it's the best post of that sub, having even if its not relevant to the original sub. 

If you want to be a karma whore do like every other karma whore.
It makes me realize I prefer my entertainment platforms to be autocracies, not democracies.

I don’t care about points or karma or who made what, or who has seen it before me, or even if I’ve seen it before. Just give me cat pics and little kids falling off bikes.
Only if it's opt-out, on a subreddit by subreddit basis. The subreddit I moderate had a [daily comic post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SchlockMercenary/comments/banhh7/monday_8_april_2019_boink/) do well by our standards - 30 upvotes. One of our subscribers posted [that day's strip](https://www.reddit.com/r/calvinandhobbes/comments/basprp/that_last_frame_gets_me/) over to a larger subreddit. It did moderately well by their standards - 2,000 upvotes. 

With the near-automatic crosspost system we have in place today, this linked upvote thing would make a reference/pun dwarf all our posts by a factor of 50. It would've stayed the hottest post in the subreddit for several days, preventing the daily comic discussion posts from showing up in peoples feeds.

I'm all for giving the original poster karma - makes people happy, free internet points, why not - but even when it's relevant to both subreddits involved, upvotes are very different for different communities, and this feature would screw over smaller communities.

 Please. Think of the small subs.
Massive potential for abuse. Just crosspost as much as possible to maximize karma. You'd basically be parallelizing karma farming, which on the one hand appeals to me as someone who like process optimization, but on the other hand would probably lead to an excess of  duplicated posts.
You work for me because someone crossposted my OC and got a platinum and silver while my post got 30k less upvotes and no awards
Wouldn’t matter because karma is fake
I thought that is how it works
I would feel like Reddit is doing something great for the original creators.
Test it, if it helps with rampant reposts: AWESOME. If reposts  become literally every post then burn it with fire
I usually just clicked the original post and upvote that one
we should have a feature where if you reply to a comment, that comment that you reply to is automatically upvoted
it'd be good
You could use that to get double karma
If I like it, I will go to the original post and upvote it there too manually
Woah, or even credit original poster for reposts?
Make it so that it does this unless the crosspost title is marked with /s for sarcasm/satire
I mean...you'd have to have a subreddit that tracked it all to stop the trolling. Otherwise the pedos Et al. are going to have a field day. I love the idea, but just too many sickos out there.
Yes I like it
I dont think this is a good idea. One vote per person is the foundation of democracy. Also it would encourage mass cross posting. I am not in favour of this idea.
Reddit how do you feel about having old people perform a mandatory drivers test every year?
yes please
That's some fuckin' communist shit
This feature would be abused to inflate post Karma across different subs, e.g. post trump negative in r_the Donald then x-post to r_impeach trump... then watch the chaos erupt!
What if the original post doesn't apply to its sub?
I can see this being abused by karma whores.
It will be exploited.
Would prevent karma thieves (which is mostly worthless anyway) but will be sweet candies for karma farm bots. They can crosspost everywhere they please and before you know it, the entire front page is one video from r/funny in 20 different subs.
I feel like this should’ve been a thing since the beginning.

Edit: read other points about abuse, and that in one sub it would be humorous and in another serious etc. and agree maybe it actually isn’t a good idea.
I'd just crosspost my post to infinite subs.
Except sometimes cross posts are done to talk shit about said cross post so there'd have to be the option to prevent that or undo it.
negative. if the original title is shit i don't want it getting my upvote
Well for one original posts are usually stolen content from other sites like Twitter. So they don't necessarily deserve the karma.

Second, content means something different in different subreddits. Votes are partly meant to be an indicator if the content belongs in a particular subreddit.

So no, for those two reasons it is a bad idea.
Subs that crosspost things out of criticism / as a joke would be pretty much destroyed, as crosspost filled subs such as /r/UpvotedBecauseGirl , /r/UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG and /r/whatcouldgowrong would be affected heavily
No.

I don't want my upvote for a post making fun of orginal OP's idiocy to benefit said orginal OP.

It would create a reason to create a shitty posts, repost them to subs about shitty posts and gain karma.
People would start posting screenshots
No.  Crossposts have to stand on their own.   
If you implemented this,  then crossposts become a kind of vote manipulation.   
(2 for one. )  
  
Imagine I post in r/catsbeingassholes and crosspost to r/ginger, r/gonemild, and r/clownporn.   
  
Suddenly my 100 kitten peeing in a shoe upvotes is magically 400 upvotes.
Who cares that much about upvotes? Don't turn Reddit into YouTube, I bet the next stage is profile with 100k+ karma doing adverts....
People actually use those arrows?
I only upvote the original, never the crosspost, but this would save me time.
There should be a special button for crossposts that allows you to do this.
There are some crossposts that are meant to critique or mock. I do love the idea, but because of that, I think having the option to upvote both or just the crosspost would be great!
Are you suggesting a pyramid scheme?
[removed]
That just seems logical in my eyes
I would love this. I’ve reposted stuff before, not for karma, just for interest and it would be awesome if the original poster got credit for it too.
How would you feel about a "if you accidentally scroll to the top, you can go back to where you were," button for Reddit?

For some reason, reddit cannot be reached when loading the area you were at previously, and thus something went wrong with the scrolling back. Just don't panic!
can i post this question next week? mum said it’s my turn.
Found this after accidentally losing my place and starting at the top. Give me my place back, Reddit!
*Laughs in Apollo*
How would you feel about this question being asked again, just formatted differently?
Why am i seeing this post for at least a third time
'specially when I'm down 500 pages from top of all after about 4 days of grinding it that far only to lose it all from an accidental computer shut down
Why does this get upvoted in r/askReddit? It's something that everyone would either very much like to have, or would not mind having. No point in asking these questions here imo
Is this the Groundhog Day or something?
[wow - op is a massively racist piece of shit](https://i.imgur.com/ZXRl1hm.jpg)

[some more awfulness](https://imgur.com/a/z1Fag8w/)

[also, OPs first comment on their account is on an askreddit post w the same question OP reposted.](https://i.imgur.com/ZwUnARI.jpg)

why are you like this u/Cheap_Double9726
Reddit is Fun has had this feature for a while now. It's quite nice.
How would you feel about this question finally being banned?
How would you feel if these stupid types of questions were banned. You wouldn't be able to farm your sweet karma.
For fucks sake stop asking this damn question. It doesn't even belong in this sub
RIF and Baconreader have this function
I don't ever lose my scrolling place. For me the issue is I see a title I want to click just as I'm navigating away and hitting the back button reloads the listing and it's gone. Then the reddit search obviously can't find the post and it's too early to search for it with google.
How would you feel about a “stop reposting the same fucking questions” button for Reddit
This question again ? Karma farming at its finest
Anyone else get so depressed when the page closes and you know you can never go back?
Sync has this feature
how would u feel if a cure for cancer was found?
This is why I opt out of/avoid the redesign wherever possible. 25 submissions per page, but my screen resolution's thankfully tall enough to fit about 12 at a time.
Same way I felt last time I saw this question.
I didn't realize it but I had already scrolled so far down that I was at the last time this question was posted and had 30k likes. Luckily when I clicked back I got a nice fresh version of this question.
[deleted]
Everyone wants this every time this question is posted. Fuckin do it, damn it.
I would feel better about it if I didn’t read the same fucking askReddit post multiple times a week. Ffs can you just stop repeating this one
I'd feel great because it would mean the end to posting this same question every day.
Why are you spending money on this karma whore?
I prefer reddit as a rogue-like, thanks
[removed]
Good
How do you accidently scroll to the top?? That takes a lot of finger rolling to be an accident.
Ive seen this damn post THREE TIMES ALREADY
I can’t count the amount of times I’m 30 minutes deep into scrolling and accidentally high tail it to the top. That’s my cue to go to sleep 🙃
This needs to be a feature for apps more than reddit. Like placing a marker where you are to automatically return to.
You need to put Reddit down.
Tbh losing my spot is the only thing that makes leave Reddit and put my phone down sometimes.
PLEASE!
Nah. I just have reddit set to hide posts I've voted on. I'm never more than a few pages in before I refresh for new content.
How many times are people going to ask this question on this sub?  I see it at least twice a week.
YES. I'd also be pretty good with a way to refresh my feed and have it actually be refreshed (mobile)
My turn to post this next week.
OP get a life
It be better than the awful preview comments.
This, this, this, please this.
My "end" button does that.
It would be nice. I would just like it if clicking back on chrome didn't give me a refreshed page. Same with YT. I clicked back because I wanted to go back to where I was. Instead I get an entirely new page and can't find the post that caught my eye in the first place.
What a stupid question, who the fuck WOULDN'T want this
No please, accidental top scrolling is the only way I can escape some days and actually do real world shit
It would be a dream come true. And it should work if you close the app on the cellphone too. Like, no refreshes on the page EVER, unless I manually do it.
na, this would ruin the excitment of the experience. on the other hand i dont see, how this can be done. i have learned javascript and i know that reddit works in react and as far as i know, there is no such thing that can easyly set a marker to go back to where you have been. on the other hand, you can change the whole html code with js, so if they let an anchor travel with your scrolling, it might work.
I can't tell you the times I accidentally swiped back from as far down as I was trying show my GF or someone the post.
How many times is this gonna be posted this week?
Accidentally returning to the top is often why I get out of bed in the morning.
As a software developer, I'd feel very impressed that they implemented it.  Seems like it would be quite difficult.
Why specify reddit this should be on every site, I'm tired of that shit.
Why do we even need a scroll to the top button?!

All it ever does is get clicked accidentally. Im willing to bet all my karma, that nobody has ever clicked it intentionally.

If i need to get a fresh page, there is a refresh button built into every browser thats ever existed!
PLEASE
When I accidentally scroll to the top, I close the app. 

It would be in Reddit's interests to add this feature.
Rule 3 you dumb cunt
This has become such an issue in my pathetic life, I’ve started watching where my cursor on screen is and making a mental note. Like okay my cursor is currently directly under my side button. When I lose my spot I can at least be in the ballpark... what am I doing?
Once I was home alone around 17(my age) and always looking for something to eat so I thought I'll deep fry some fries. But a match was going on the TV so I totally forgot I had something cooking and it somehow caught fire and till the time I realised our whole kitchen burned down. I thought I  was grounded for my whole life. When I saw the fire I lost my senses. I had to be rescued from my own home. Fell unconscious just lying down inhaling smoke. By the time I got my senses back I was in a hospital. I heard my mom crying. I thought my parents were gonna kill me after what I had done. The doctor let them come in after half an hour and they just hugged me. Surprisingly I walked away with first-degree burns. Nothing it took longer than a week. Plus top-level hospitality I got.
😇❤
Yes and yes and YES
That'd be useful, but I feel like a "Scroll to my reply" button would be much more useful for me, at least. I always accidentally reload and spend 2 hours looking for my reply-
Yes please. Gimmie gimmie gimmie
I'd like it. Why is this a question? Why would anyone not like this feature?
I wouldn’t care at all. I don’t care about anything.
nobody gives a fuck
What do you mean “How would you feel?” - I know you just ripped the wording from the last person who posted this exact question but this is fucking dumb. Of course it would be convenient, but what is there to even discuss, let alone “feel” about it?
How would you feel if you shut the fuck up instead? I can't believe this ancient repost got more than 100k upvotes.
Would be helpful, but I have noticed reddit will scroll to the top anytime I see a post about what *didn't* happen in Tiananmen Square
I'd never get off if I didn't occasionally lose my place, so I hate this idea
I would feel like I would get lost in a subreddit after hitting it just once accidentally and then messing up trying to get back to where I actually wanted to be initially
Y, es
I would love that
My app would crash
Undo my mistakes
Just make it damn
I don’t mind too much as I usually collapse a thread after reading it. But I wouldn’t mind the button
My number one missing feature
it would be the savior of my soul
just dont accidentally scroll to the top. simple as that
Yes that would be perfect.
Need this. Badly
oh my god please!
Shut up and take my money
Yes, please!
To the top!
Oh dear god yes!!!
This has been asked many, many times... but yeah, it would be nice.
I'd love this, especially the reddit mobile app on my phone loves to take me back to the top after hitting back from being in a post
Yes please!
Not a bad idea
PLEASE. Y E S
Assume that I don't do anything accidentally and stop trying to control me.
I don't have the attention span for that. I just refresh and move on.
Tumblr has this and while it sometimes malfunctions because Tumblr, its definitely a lifesaver and would be much appreciated here.
Meh
Please.
I would have an orgasm EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
I would be all for this!
I'd actually love that
I've done this so many times!!! Take pity, give me the button.
Yes please!
Please!
UHHHHHH YESSSS
I just want a "Stop random comments from inside the thread popping up while scrolling" button
Take my money and run.
I
I would use Reddit more than i do because when that happens I just move on to YouTube lol
I’d be happy if it even took me back to where I was after opening a post.
There is no "back" to go back to, though. It's a constantly changing feed based on upvotes, new posts, viewing settings, etc. etc.  
  
It's not like static pages of a book where you can just flip back to where you left off. Your feed is a timeline-esque section of posts at a point in time (which is constantly changing), so pagination can't really be applied in a traditional sense
Yes please! I think all apps should have this, it would make life so much easier
Glad.
I would feel liberated as fuck.
It was needed about a year ago. I get off reddit when that happens lmao
Yes to this.
Would be one of my most pressed buttons on reddit.
As good as I would feel if this question was never asked again.
The hero we need, not the one we deserve.
Yea please!!!
DO IT. NOW.
I like this
It would definitely be a payed for option
I'd feel good. Finally.
Frankly this is the worst idea ever and shouldn't be implemented to Reddit.
Yea it’s not fun after I’ve scrolled through around 3 days of feed and then suddenly it’s gone
rightclick and open a new tap makes things easier.
Instead, could I have the option to remove the header from half of my screen on mobile when I’m scrolling back up?
I bounce back to the top randomly far too often. So yes please
Every time I hand my phone to my boyfriend to show him a post, he scrolls up to the top before he sees it.
Love
Absolutely not. Losing my place is the only thing that gets me off Reddit late at night.
sometimes when i lose my place i interpret it as a sign that its time for me to stop scrolling and go outside or something. maybe its for the best we dont have that button
Good. But not as good as I would feel about a button to scroll down to the next top level comment (scroll past the 100s of replies if I'm not interested).
Need.
Reddit: "Well, i don't want to be the bad guy anymore."
Awesome
Yes yes yes yes yes YES!
I want this button!
For the love of god please
Say what you want about tumblr but at least it has this
I would've used that right when I posted this comment.
This needs to happen.
Sounds great. Especially when you open reddit for the first time in the day on mobile and you see an interesting post which disappears when the new posts are loaded.
I would feel like this is an overasked question specifically used for karmawhoring.
Yes, please.
Mobile is the worst!! 

Oh wait what was that? Back out....Back out please...back out PLEASE....REDDIT: oh you wanted me to back out and refresh the page? DONE!!!
Probably the same way I felt about it when I saw this question the other seventeen times.
Get me back to where i am
Please make this reddit devs
Please
Lol the reddit is fun app has this and it is fucking amazing.
This question again? Ok, but just tell me... what replies in the everloving world do you expect?
I feel like.....

It’d make too much sense so we’ll never see it
I actually enjoy reading comments (as awful as that sounds), this would be a welcomed feature.
This may be the #1 most posted about thing on this sub and they still haven't given us one 😒
YES PLEASE
Yes 🙏 please
Hell yes.
Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old
As many of you know today is day that many of us have dreaded. Stan Lee has passed away at the age of 95. He leaves behind a legacy of superheroes and stories that have touched many people's lives for decades. We wanted to make this thread to honor and remember this wonderful man, so please use it discuss his life, his work, [his cameos](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/RapidClearDungenesscrab-small.gif), etc and what they meant to you. 

Excelsior!

-The AskReddit mods
FYI to those who are reporting this:

> Breaking News, Megathreads, and Mod Posts are exempt from rule 1 and 2 as they serve a separate purpose to the sub compared to regular posts.

[Source.](https://old.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index#wiki_--breaking_news.2C_megathreads.2C_and_mod_posts--)

Thank you for your civility, and for being kind to the other human beings in this subreddit.

Best wishes.
Not only did this man create an empire that almost everyone loves, but he was a genuine man who just loved to see people smile. 

I had the pleasure of working under him for some pop culture conventions and all he wanted was to see fans smile and enjoy his legacy.  He loved to joke with those around him, and he would tease the ever loving hell out of everyone he could.  

I remember him using his motorised scooter to get around backstage and his poor assistant would speed walk to keep up with him, but he would just keep increasing the speed until she was running beside him. A wicked grin on his face the whole time. 

Or how he would constantly make his staff repeat themselves "what I didn't hear you!" Untill they had repeated themselves four times, witnessing that initially made me sad, thinking his hearing was poor, until he looks at me with that same grin and winks.  

My time with him was short, but I'm so glad I got it, this man changed my life before I even met him, and he made a huge impact when I did as well.   

RIP Stan.  
Was really hoping he'd get to see Avengers 4, but at least he did get to see and interact with his creations on the big screen.

RIP.


His wife passed away not too long ago, too. It must have been lonely to all of a sudden be without his life partner...
A friend and I snuck into a premiere party for a movie. That’s an r/actlikeyoubelong story on its own. But we spotted Stan Lee, surrounded by a posse. A lot of pretty girls and some serious handlers. Here we were, just average idiots in a place we weren’t supposed to be. 

We approached, just wanting to say hello and thank him for his work. The handlers were not having any of it and started to move us along. He stopped the handlers and said hello to us. I got to shake his hand and thank him. He asked if we had cameras. I was kinda dumb-struck by the moment, and forgot cameras existed. He actually wanted to pose for pictures with us.

Still have the photo, and a nice memory of a pretty great guy who was good to his fans. 

Edit: https://i.imgur.com/vFRhI78.jpg

He was the highest grossing actor of all time if you include cameos and supporting actors!
Seriously, there was a thread in here I was reading earlier on today about who you can’t believe is still alive and someone mentioned Stan Lee. 

No frickin way. 
I'm 40+ years of age. When I was growing up, all the Marvel comics I read featured Stan's Soapbox, a short column where he would write about whatever was on his mind. It was like a personal letter every month, and always did such a good job of welcoming all into this little club of misfits and weirdos. 

Stan is different than most of my heroes in that when I think of him, I'm always 13 again.
I guess over the next few years we will see how many future cameos were filmed early. It will be nice to still see him and know that there is more to look forward to
[removed]
Good bye to a great mind. Between him and Hawking it's been a terrible year. Both changed the world in their own ways.
Since I grew up with superheroes and their ideas of morals, protecting the innocent, ect. I feel like it really shaped me morally, and gave me an interest in criminology and upholding the law. RIP Stan Lee!
This sounds pretty stereotypical, but it means a lot to me...

I grew up in a family with two alcoholic parents and likely abuse-related early onset mental illness. My reality was incredibly bleak from a very young age. One day, I got my hands on an anthology of the original *Amazing Spiderman* comics. Every morning and every night when I got home from school I cracked open that anthology and read each and every comic again and again and again. Stan Lee gave me a healthy escape to a world where all loose ends tied up nicely, where the bad guys always lost, where I knew I was safe.

Rest in peace Mr. Lee. Thank you for everything you've done for me and the likely tens of  thousands like me. 
I'll repeat in what I said in another thread but shortly. He used his platform for selfless purposes and he always stood up for the minority in the face of bigotry. Captain America fought Nazi's, Iron Man was an Alcoholic War vet, the X-Men represented those who had been misunderstood and cast out by society and it's all too alienating standards. Power Man a black man whose skin was his power defended Harlem. REST IN PEACE STAN LEE!!! YOU WERE AWESOME!!!
Damn one last cameo in Endgame made me cry.

&#x200B;

RIP to a real one
MODS, CAN WE PLEASE BAN THOSE "WHO IS STILL ALIVE" POSTS? THIS TRAGEDY COULD HAVE BEEN AVOIDED
I hope the children who fought and bickered over his money don't see a dime.
The year was 2008. I was a high school senior at a college preparation workshop. The instructor presented a quick essay prompt: "Write about who you are." Having been amazed and greatly inspired by the very first MCU movie just recently, I pulled off the top of my head, "I am...Iron Man." This went on to become the basis of my admissions essay, and I owe my choice to pursue a career in engineering to Tony Stark.

Thank you Stan Lee.
I always loved superheroes, and my childhood was filled with Marvel. Spider-Man was always my favorite, because I was a weird kid and found spiders fascinating. I loved him more as I grew up, because there were so many similarities: raised in poor families beset by financial troubles. Quick with jokes to cover insecurities. A deep love of science that shaped everything I did. The implicit knowledge that I may not be the strongest, or the toughest, or the most resilient, but that I always had to stand back up. Intellectually gifted and, with it, a compulsory, driving need to use that to help people. It's why I became a scientist researching psychiatric illnesses, and then later Alzheimer's disease, because I recognized that I had a gift - and so I had a responsibility.

Spider-Man is paper and ink, but he is an ideal I always have, and always will, aspire to. He is my hero. And the man who helped give me that ideal, who shaped so much of my childhood and identity, has died, and the world is a sadder place.

Thank you, Stan Lee. Thank you for your heroes and your dreams. Thank you for helping shape me into the person I am.

*EXCELSIOR!!!*
I know it’s “silly” to mourn public figures who you never personally knew, and obviously my grief pales in comparison to the grief of his loved ones, but this one (and Iwata) really got to me.



I knew Stan Lee before I knew who the hell he was. He was the guy with the cool voice who narrates my spiderman game on N64 when I was a child. It wasn’t until years later that I learned it was his voice, but even before then I learned the name of Stan Lee. He helped create my favorite superhero, Spiderman. He gave my father a line of comics to pass down to me and form a closer connection between the two of us. And he created a character who taught me that I’m not powerless just because I was a kid. 



While it’s easy to write off comic books as a child’s entertainment medium, his work really did have a lasting impact on my life, and that impact has in turn helped me touch the lives of others with his works. I NEVER discuss this outside of my clinical setting, but I use the themes and tropes of Spider-Man in my practice to help clients, many of whom are not particularly intellectual, understand concepts like codependency and hero complexes. Thanks to Stan, I’m able to explain very complex ideas to my clients and help them overcome what I’ve come to call “Peter Parker Syndrome.” So, even beyond his personal impact on my own life, I owe Stan Lee a great debt. 



His is an influence that will be missed. Marvel games, movies, and media at large will simply not be the same without him. Through the act of creating superheroes, Stan Lee himself became a superhero, a household name that influenced generations of people all around the world. May he Rest In Peace, but may his legacy continue to resonate with men and women of all ages for generations to come.

Edit: since people were asking what “Peter Parker Syndrome” is, I’ll copy/paste my response here. It’s an allegory I use to illustrate certain themes:


It’s how I explain codependency and hero complex to clients. 


I started by introducing Spider-Man and his real identity. I outline to my client that, once Peter gets his powers, he goes all in on being spiderman. A running theme in the books is that spiderman is the real identity, and Peter Parker is the “disguise.” 


Anyway, Peter goes all in on being spiderman, and it starts to fuck with his life. He loses his girlfriend, drops out of school/loses his job, and loses touch with family. But he doesn’t care, because he gets to be the hero and that’s what matters most to him.


Time passes, and a villain shows up. Wipes the floor with spiderman. Then he realizes that the one thing he cares about, being the hero, he can’t even do anymore. In some storylines, he gives up and puts away the costume. Slowly but surely, he rebuilds his life. He starts dating again, re enlists in school/gets a new job, starts having hobbies again. And for the first time in a long time, Peter is happy.


Then the villain comes back. In the absence of anyone else who can help, he inevitably puts the mask back on and fights. And he wins. And what he learns (and then unlearns because the universe is reset) is that, in order to be a good spiderman, he has to be a good Peter Parker. And when Peter suffers, so does Spiderman.

I then relate the client’s self care to their “Peter Parker” and their desire to be there and care for others to their “Spiderman,” to illustrate that they cannot engage in the selfless acts they want to if they do not take care of themselves first.


A seemingly simple idea that a lot of my clients struggle to wrap their head around. I then have them keep a running tab of how Peter Parker is doing each day to find gaps in self care.
Stan Lee dying is like David Attenborough or the queen dying, I refuse to believe it's possible until it is
I know I’m late to this post but I met him when I was 17. Shook his hand and asked him some questions and had a muffin with him. He is my hero, I didn’t have the most active male role models in my life and I used comics to fill that void. I learnt more from spider-man about responsibilities then anyone. I learnt all about racism at a young age through x-men and I learnt patriotism and to always fight the good fight through captain America. Of course I learnt weird things like don’t go through space portals or don’t inject yourself with a weird virus as your girlfriend tries to kill you. But most importantly I learnt there is others out there like me who also were alone and needed someone. I grew up when it was still lame to be a nerd and I was bullied for knowing what the circle in iron mans chest was. My first fist fight was over Spider-Man. My first memory of my dad is him reading me west coast avengers. 

To Stan lee, thank you. You helped me grow up and become a much better person then I would of become without you. I owe you so much and it hurts I couldn’t give you more than a smile when we met. But he called me a true believer. So to all the other true believers out there. Keep believing in yourself and others. I love you all! 
I knew it was going to happen eventually, given how he was going on in his 90s. The man has lived a very fulfilling life. He got to see *all* of his creations come to life through Marvel Studios. He got to play minor roles in them as well. Spider-Man, Hulk, X-Men, Daredevil, Captain America, Iron Man, Avengers getting together for the first time ever and many more.

The man has lived a very creative life and breathed super heroes. I'm sad he's gone, but in such a large legacy left behind, all of his creative works will live on.
Marvel Comics were my childhood and even now are a huge part of my adulthood. His amazing stories enthralled me as a kid and continue to inspire me as an adult. Me and my generation will be forever grateful to this man's imagination. through the genre of superheros he spurred our interest in technology and science, opened our eyes to prejudice and bigotry and permeated lessons of morality and basic human decency.

Stan made it a priority that most Marvel Super heroes also show a degree of vulnerability and also in many cases (X-Men, Spider-Man) show them doing the right thing and getting absolutely nothing out of it; Peter Parker would still be broke and mutants would still be persecuted against.

This truly is a sad day, but given all of the allegations of elder abuse I'm glad he's at peace now.

His legend will live on forever. Rest well True believer.
You know it's funny. Stan lee was a person who brought people together. He wasnt just some comic book writer, he was thee comic book writer. Idc if you were a jock,nerd,goth,prep....... everyone single person knew his name and loved him for what he was able to accomplish in his very long very successful life. 95 years old still "acting", still being able to do the things he did with as clear of a mind as his. Today is a day that we lost not only a very loved person but today we lost the greatest comic book hero ever to live.
Late diagnosed dyslexia and attention deficit disorder meant I could't read at the age of 8. That is until my mum bought me a stack of marvel comics. Stan is my hero because if it wasnt for him I would be illiterate. My biggest regret in life is that when I met the man I froze and couldn't tell him this. I now teach English. 
They should make Stan Lee’s birthday a national holiday
God fucking damn it. The queen better stick it out to 2020. His comics were so fucking enjoyable, another great loss :(
[deleted]
Mr. Lee, thank you for being my escape from reality. I remember watching X-Men cartoons when I was little and being so fascinated by it, then I started buying the comics, watch the movies, and now it's a big part of who I am. A quote you said about X-Men was, "I wanted them to be different. The whole underlying principle of the X-Men was to try to be an anti-bigotry story to show there's good in every person."  You made me believe that hope. The world won't be the same without your incredible presence. Rest in peace and love.
God dammit its been 5 months and im still not over it once i see a post about him passing away.
The guy created characters that served as father figures for kids who didn't have one in their lives. Provided pillars of morality and courage for many many people.

Can't imagine how many people battled depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts by thinking: "If cap can fight in the name of good and the truth, I can make it one more day".

Thank you Stan Lee. May you RIP.
He has a legendary legacy that will live on forever 
Damn, I really wanted him to make it to 100.
He was born in 1922. 

Ottoman Empire exited until 1922. They also just finished building the Lincoln memorial in 1922. Weimar republic, British Empire, all those were still a thing back in 1922.

Living to the age of 95, having a hugely successful career and all. Sounds like he had a great life.
I was a young Gay kid that was bullied all the time.  The world of comic books were an escape for me.  Many days sitting alone and escaping to the works of Stan Lee.  I remember reading a Hulk comic, where the Hulk didn’t care that a character was HIV positive and saved him when no one else would.  Thanks Stan Lee the characters you created were my friends and heroes when I had none.
Honestly I, a large adult male in his 40s, almost broke when his cameo came up in Spider-verse, especially because of why his character shows up and what he says (heroic sacrifices are a weakness of mine).
Stan Lee's creativity was inspirational to me for as long as I can remember. The characters and stories that he had a part in bringing to life have helped in the creation of some of my favorite memories and relationships. He was able to live a long, prosperous life from what it seemed, and I can only hope that his final moments were painless. If I had to guess, I would think that he is enjoying himself up in the cosmos. Excelsior, and thank you for everything you did Stan.
Years ago, right after Disney bought Marvel, my wife and I were visiting a friend for lunch at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank. We were walking around and we saw Stan walking with a bunch of suits. We asked to take a photo and he was so happy to meet us and take a photo with us. He was warm, kind and inviting. He talked to us while the executives stood their looking at their watches. He was genuinely happy to talk with us and spend that little time with us. 

Two years later, we went to SDCC and printed that photo. We knew it was a long shot to run into him at SDCC, but we would be upset if we missed an opportunity. We found a booth that was hosting Stan. They had Spider-Man guitars and if you bought one, Stan would sign them. We get there and there is this huge crowd. Stan comes and starts signing. My wife and I take out the photo in the middle of the crowd and hold it up high. After 10 minutes or so of signing, surrounded by people holding comics up to get him to sign, he spots our photo. He smiles and waves, then leans over to one of the booth employees and says something to him. The guys comes through the crowd and asks my wife to follow him. She walks all the way up to Stan and he talks with her for a minute or two and signs the photo. His mannerisms were so different toward my wife than they were to the people getting the guitars because this was something that was special to us. It has no monetary value. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/kgnSLWt
*EXCELSIOR!*
I remember his wife bursting out during an interview about how he would write poetry to her daily. She expressed how good a husband and friend he was to her and I feel it important to not overlook that.

I'll miss him.

He encouraged creativity in his fans and to my knowledge never judged anyone over a dislike of their creativity.

He was just a darn good dude and I'm happy we had him as long as we did.

Thank you.
Stan, the heros you imagined may have been only that, but you used them to make the world a better place for so many people.

We miss you already. Godspeed, and thank you.
The saddest thing about this is hearing the news of those closest to him trying to extort/coerce money from him. I didnt read too much of it but its always dissapointing to hear regardless.

95 is a grand age but he's also left a lasting impact on comics, TV and film. Couldnt have asked for better really. Thanks Stan!
Every “F” is a Yondu-style Ravager firework in the cosmos for Stan 
One day, when I was a kid, my brother and I walked down the road to the nearest gas station to buy some candy. That’s where I saw Wizard magazine (#34) for the first time, which featured on its cover an illustration of Rogue and Psylocke of the X-Men. I was somewhat familiar with Batman, Spider-Man, and Superman, but I really didn’t know of any female superheroes (aside from Wonder Woman, who frankly seemed pretty lame to me as a kid) at that time. I bought the magazine, and for months, it was an obsession for me. I read it over and over again. I started buying comic books, drawing characters, reading the stories out loud in the voices I imagined each character to have, dreaming up new powers and imagining new worlds. What I loved about the Marvel universe was that there was room for everybody: men, women, people of different races, nationalities, ages, abilities, and backgrounds. It made me feel like comic books were something that everyone could enjoy. I shared my love for comic books with my brother. Although he struggled in school and teachers couldn’t get him to focus, he would pay attention when I read The Uncanny X-Men to him, and when he finally learned to read, it was because of comic books. Thanks to Stan Lee for showing us that anyone can be a hero. RIP. 
Stan Lee was a cool guy. he used to come to my elemenrary school every year during the booknfair and i still have no clue why my midwest school was so special but i know kindergarten til 6th grade he came for 1 day. and i met him every time. 
He taught me through his stories/characters to be me. To not worry what anyone thinks about me. Stan Lee taught me that being yourself is better then being no one, that being yourself is what makes a hero a hero....... I never met him but I lost a father today. 
Stan deserves a Funeral Procession down the entire length of Madison Ave., NY, NY, lying in honor in the back of Thor’s Chariot, escorted by Spider-Man and all of his characters. For his singular impact on global culture, the entire city should shut down. Excelsior.
He made my imagination soar..

I roamed the galaxy with the Silver Surfer, challenged the gods with Thor, explored the seas with Namor and felt the loneliness and isolation of the Hulk....

&#x200B;
My dad, who's past sixty now, grew up reading Stan's comics, and I grew up like many children with a spiderman obsession.

 I remember pretending to be sick so I could stay home and watch my animated spiderman VHS that I got for Christmas. I'd watched it a thousand times but it was still so worth it to put my head against the radiator to simulate a fever just to vicariously experience that feeling of heroism and fantasy. And I'd cough whenever my mum came in to check on me, ha.

It's just incredible the sheer quantity of dreams which passed from this man's imagination into the hearts and lives of children and their parents and their grandparents. In a very cynical age his creations continue to inspire and capture the greatest parts of the imagination. I can't count how many times I have laid in bed at night and pictured myself alongside his characters. What a magnificent legacy.

Excelsior, Stan.
It made me SICK how much karma grinding was going on over the legends dead body. I know I'm late to it but Stan lee will always be in my heart god damn it.
Man this sucks. I grew up on his movies. Reading his comics. I hope he’s having fun up there with his creations. Rest In Piece to a truly great man. 
I’ve always liked Stan Lee’s name. It sounds like Stanley, but isn’t it. It’s cool.


A nice thing I like to think about is if his name is actually Stanley Lee, and he just calls himself Stan for short.


Whether or not his name is actually Stan or Stanley, he will be missed...
if it wasn’t for his comics, I never would ha e picked up a pencil, found art, fallen in love with drawing , gone to art school, which led me to photography which led me to starting my own business. He also introduced hard concepts to my young adult self, taught me the love of reading and imagination. his comics Changed my life. 
You die twice, once when your heart stops and the second when someone says your name for the last time. Stan Lee will never die and will always be a beacon for what it means to be a real life super hero. 

F. 
This is so surreal. Some people you simply can’t imagine dying. 
Rest In Peace. 
I'm by no means a big comicbook fan, but I've always loved the character of Spider-Man, and the shows and movies he's been in. I know that Lee can't read this, but I want him to know that his wonderful writing and beautiful imagination struck a chord with me, and still does. Rest in peace.
I didn't "meet" him personally, but I was front and center at an intimate event in which he and Kevin Smith had a conversation about . . . everything.

&#x200B;

Stan Lee had so much charisma it was astounding. Like, presidential level charisma.
[deleted]
You know we did this right? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/9w92cp/comment/e9iwv2r?st=JOERRJY1&sh=1f369743
We're one day away from Endgame and the last Stan Lee cameo. I will cherish it. Thank you mister Lee for all those superheroes that still and always will have a huge part in our lives.
According to my footlocker full of old Marvel comics that I refuse to throw away (despite my girlfriend's protests), Stan Lee was the fucking man. 

His artistic/business prowess in life ensures he'll continue to touch many young people's lives for years to come. 

Thanks, Stan. 
My first SD ComiCon, I ran into him kinda. He was being escorted outdoors, along the main glass hallway where all the talks were happening. It was so hot, and he was wearing his signature yellow sweater vest and keeping pace with his assistants. I couldn't believe my eyes. I was just hanging outside, and there he was, steady as he goes. I yelled at him the only thing I could, " I LOVE YOU STAN!".

I didn't expect him to hear me since there was a good amount of distance between us and he was hurrying to his panel (The Amazing Stan Lee). But no, with double barrel fingers towards me, not missing a beat, that firm, unmistakable Stan voice we all have grown accustomed to all these years, I hear, "Love you too!".
 
Many years later me and three friends go for a group photo. There was a kid before us, and Stan made sure to take time with the young boy and not let the photographs rush thier moment. 
Once our photo was taken. I noticed how smaller he was now, not weak, but small like my own grandma. Instead of thanking him, I just told him I loved him. He didn't hear me but it didn't matter. 

Out of all the stories and heros and villans he gave us, Stan was the truest hero and champion of our hearts and imaginations. 

Stan was the man. He never let us down, and in his memory I/we should try to be like Stan. Ever moving, bending, steadfast, and fighting for the future for ourselves and others in ways that we can.

Edit: Last thoughts. 
FFS, earlier today I was on that thread of "who are you suprised is still alive?" and numerous people mentioned Stan.
I lived for Saturday morning X-Men in the early 90’s. Thank you Stan for whatever you had to do with that. 
The most heartbreaking part of Avengers 4 will be the part where they show the words "RIP Stan Lee" at the end of the movie. 😢
I am not an expert in any way, shape or form when it comes to comics, etc...my boyfriend told me that Stan Lee makes cameos in the movies and I remember the first time I recognized him! I was so excited. RIP
95 years of good 
I'm sitting here in tears. I wish there was a way I could say thank you to Stan and to Marvel. A few years ago I was going through a breakup from an abusive shitbag. I had completely shut down, was failing out of school, dropped below 100 lbs and a whole lot more as I was coming to terms with everything. I lived next to a boat yard and one day went to jump from the dock. I can't swim. I didn't have the courage to jump. I just sat there crying. I realized I reached rock bottom. That week, my friend persuaded me to go see a movie with her. It was my first introduction to Marvel. I was hooked. 

Thank you Stan. I managed to dig myself out of a dangerous hole because your movies were an outlet. Those movies saved me from myself and the self destructive path I was on. 
Stan Lee and his creations have helped me get through the rough parts of life. I used to joke that I would never kill myself because marvel would keep coming up with movies every couple months, always giving me a reason to live, and that that was “torture”. But truly, I think without those amazing things he brought to life, I would’ve been long dead.
At least he lived to a good age. Most people don’t live past 70
I went to LACC a couple years ago, it was the first year it was rebranded as "Stan Lee's LA Comic Con" as opposed to Comikaze. That's kind of aside the point though. There is no hall H, there is no special panel that you wait days to get into. They were holding a panel on a stage on the show floor and Mr. Lee came up to say a speech and nice things, etc. It was cute and funny. He wound up forgetting to say his signature word which garnered some disappointment until someone said "EXCELSIOR!" And Mr. Lee goes, "Oh!... EXCELSIOR!" Everyone laughed and cheered. It was one of the most strange things in to hear in real life. I regret not taking the few hours to wait and meet him and shake his hand. 

&#x200B;

RIP Stan Lee, I won't forget that memory. It was a good one.
Ultimate Spiderman was the first comic book series I read and the one that made me fall in love with the medium. Even while my fellow classmates were getting into manga I was searching my local library for Ultimate Spiderman TPB volumes. They always seemed to skip volumes and be missing the end of arcs. I remember asking my mom to help me request the missing volumes from other libraries. 

Rest easy Mr. Stan Lee. 
As someone who never got into comics or the culture around them, my interests rarely crossed over with his creations, but I still always got the impression he was a genuinely nice guy who was super into what he did.  The world needs more people with that passion, enthusiasm and positivity.  Sad to hear he's passed, glad to hear that, by all accounts, he absolutely filled his life with what he loved.
I went to DragonCon with a friend in 2010. He had a Spider-Man issue #4 and had me get Stan Lee sign it. I was also dressed up as Princess Peach. I’ll never forget his words to me. “I wouldn’t mind being your grandfather.” 

Oh you amazing human being. We will miss you. 
I hope that in a future MCU movie, there is a scene in with the Watchers where one of them notes that he is no longer on Earth because he was "promoted."

Excelsior.
F
I'm for sure gonna ugly cry when I see his cameo in Avengers 4. Stan Lee forever changed the movie industry and the lives of millions of people. He made it cool to be a comic book nerd. The heroes I've always looked up to are now household names. 

I'll never forget when I saw Iron Man in theaters for the first time. I went with my mom and my younger brother. I was wearing a Stark Industries shirt we bought the day before. When Tony Stark was being tortured my mom made us leave the theater and see a more age appropriate movie, Kung Fu Panda. I said I had to go to the bathroom and snuck back in to watch the rest of Iron Man. My mom was pissed and I got grounded, but I didn't regret it then and I never will.

 Thank you Stan for all the memories, you will be missed.
I literally had no friends growing up, outside of the ones in my comics.  The X-Men were different, so it was ok that I was different.  The hulk was angry and wanted to be alone, so it was ok that I did too.  Spidey always tried to do the right thing, even when it bit him in the ass, so that's what I try to do to.

I'll press it once because I'm supposed to, but only because I dont actually have an appropriate way to tell anyone how important his work actually was to me.


F.
Can we all take a moment to remember and pay respects to the awesome people we lost in 2018?   
Among these people were:

&#x200B;

>\-Stefan Karl (Forever Number One)  
>  
>\-Anthony Bourdain (Thanks for the fun adventures!)  
>  
>\-Stan Lee (A true superhero)  
>  
>\-John McCain (Thank you for your service)  
>  
>\-Stephen Hawking (Amazing physicist, amazing person)

&#x200B;

Rest in Peace. <3
I had a thought today that made me feel better about this.

First of all, he lived a long life. 95 years. And in that time, he not only created many of the characters we know and love today, but he helped turn comics from a niche hobby for "nerds" (at a time when that was a bad thing to be), to arguably the most mainstream media in entertainment today. He got to see his characters truly become household names. He had a lot to be proud of and I think he was proud. 

Pour one out for the cameo master (better than Hitchcock), the story teller, and the world builder. 

RIP Stan. 
It was the characters that he helped create that gave me so much entertainment as a child and even now as an adult. Rest easy. Excelsior! True Believer
Rest In Peace, you wonderful man 
I hope they find a way to work him in some kind of cameo in the future movies. I can't thank Stan enough for giving me such great childhood fantasies. 10/10 would shoot imaginary powers out of my hands again.
Quite sad Stan Lee was not able to watch Avengers: Endgame. I HOPE he was able to see some clips at least.
[deleted]
I’d like to see an end credit sequence in A4 where everyone thanks Stan. Just a simple “Thank you for everything”
Chill he just got transferred to another universe
Very few celebrity deaths make me pause.  Michael Jackson.  David Bowie.  Adam West.  Stan Lee.

&#x200B;

You will be missed.
Man, I always sad that the day Stan Lee died would be a fucking tragedy, but I never imagined it would be so big. I mean, this isn't an actor who played a small part in a single generation's childhood, this man has shaped and led childhoods for *generations* spanning from the 40's to today.

This is an icon, and I look forward to seeing how he will be remembered. I just hope what's left at Marvel doesn't let this man go quietly - Stan Lee should be remembered as colorfully as he lived through his creations.
This really sucks. I've been dreading it for a while, I think we all knew it as going to happen soon, but hoped a little bit longer would be nice.  


I found an old box of marvel cards I started collecting when I was 15 and kinda forgot about it until a few months ago. I've been adding to my collection and it's getting pretty good. Thank you Stan for bringing so much joy in everyone's life. I know a 5 year old girl that's in love with spider-man, it's adorable.   

RIP Stan Lee, you will always be a legend. Thank you for your creation of the heroes we all came to root for and love. Hope your next adventure is as exciting as all the adventures you gave us. 
Today his cameo as one of the Watchers became a reality as he watches us all from above. Rest In Peace Stan Lee.
Excelsior
You inspired me in ways I still have yet to understand. I’m not the biggest comic book fan but I do have superhero’s I adore and the realization you were truly the man behind the masks hasn’t quite sunk in for me. Goodbye you visionary...you legend you. Thank you for helping kids like me cope with life and it’s complexities through your work. Off on your next adventure! Much love Stan.
Favorite cameo by far was his appearance in Guardians Vol. 2, not for what he appeared as but for what he was talking about. I was cracking up as he sort-of broke the 4th wall talking about all of his past cameos in a cameo. Super meta.
I came for questions. Not to get sad.
It would be so charming if all the actors would get together and film like a 10 minute mini movie where all the characters attend his memorial and pay respects 
Stan Lee and those he worked with created the new American mythology that most of us grew up on. We may have known about the Greek and Roman myths, but those weren’t the heroes we identified with, the ones we knew the origin stories to. He created the heroes we indulged ourselves in, imagining ourselves in their roles.

Stan Lee helped many of us see that even a nerdy kid in high school could get bitten by a radioactive spider, not die from radiation poisoning, and take on great responsibility. Or that a group of mutant freaks could walk around in blue & yellow spandex, shoot lasers from behind their ruby glasses, and still be heroes. Or that a pansy weakling could get injected with a super serum and beat the shit out of nazis.

He crafted so many amazing tales and had such a great heart, it’s the saddest I’ve ever felt for somebody that I’ve never met, but who felt like someone that would always be there.
I am so sad to see this today. Mr. Lee gave me the most precious gift. Having grown up a comic-reading tomboy, I have watched every Marvel movie (except Deadpool) with my 12-year-old son, starting when he was probably much too young. But it’s our “thing.” We see them in the theater, just him and me, and then over and over again on dvd.  We talk about who could kick who’s ass and how even heroes are flawed. We debate who our favorite hero is (lately, it’s Cap) and why. We speculate wildly about what’s going to happen next - how are they going to undo the Snap?!? What will the next Stan Lee cameo be?!?

Most moms don’t get that many things that they can truly bond with their boys over. I stink at video games, and he surpassed my soccer skills by age 8! But we have always had Marvel. Thank you, Mr. Lee, for creating a world where my boy and I can lose ourselves and find each other. Thank you for making the world a better - and much more entertaining - place. We never did get to meet him, but if I had, I would have hugged him and thanked him in person. I am so sad I will never get the chance. Unless TAHITI really exists...it is a magical place. ❤️
Stan "The Man" Lee was the Crown Jewel of this Earth if you ask me. So happy, so creative, so outgoing, so accomplished, such a wonderful, influential, inspirational guy, Marvel Comics, and by extension, pop culture, are his baby. I physically can't imagine a world untouched by his artistic hands, nor can I appreciate this one the same way now that he's not in it. Entire generations have come and gone with Marvel, and each and every fanboy and fangirl owes at least something to him. All of his characters, his fictional families, all of his stories will go down as legends, if they already haven't, that is. He's been in just about every summer Blockbuster this last decade worth caring about, and neither comics or cinema will be the same with the reverberating memory of his passing looming over us. I think we all know it was bound to happen at some point, let's not kid around, but nonetheless I wish he'd at least live to see Avengers 4 (or even to see the people's reaction to just the title alone). He deserved more than this world had to offer, and he'll always be remembered as the best of the best. Excelsior!
Don’t really know how to respond to this question 
We'll never forget all the incredible stories you've given us. You've impacted not just a generation, but generations to come. I have no doubt that Stan Lee will be on as many lips as Steve Jobs going down the line. You were a true inspiration, and I hope you've found peace wherever you are now.

Excelsior!
I nearly downvoted this on instinct. Excelsior Mr. Lee.
Stan (directly and indirectly) gave us everything. He gave us f\*\*king megazords, before Power Rangers existed. 

He gave me a little, awkward adopted boy who never questioned who his parents are/were.

Watchers, Beyonder, God, whoever, please bless Stan Lee
I am sure his cameos will keep appearing, but they'll have to be more creative. I would actually be really surprised if the cameos stopped, as they would be a perfect way to pay respects for him and to remember him fondly.
"Ya know, I guess one person can make a difference. 'Nuff said."-Stan Lee, Spider-Man 3 
His death on the news today made me cry, since I was a kid I always wanted to make comics and he was my inspiration, I'd check in at my local comic store every few weeks to pick up an avengers comic and read about Iron man, captain America, Thor etc... Today is a sad day, not just for me, but for the entirety of the marvel community, goodbye Stan Lee, you will live on in the hearts of marvel fans wherever they may be from Australia to alaska. 
From Spiderman blankets, bed sheets, clothes, even underwear, I was raised by Stan Lee's creations. I will never forget you. You'll always live on in my heart, and I will never forget how you taught me even the small guys can stand up for something much bigger than themselves. I hope you rest in nothing but peace and love. Goodnight Stan, many tears will fall in your honor.
F for a man who deserves so many F's but never seemed to be bothered by F's but purely did something he loved
Rest in peace Stan Lee. You will always be remembered.
Excelsior!
Worst. Birthday. Ever.
My mom used to sell art for marvel and I stayed next to his room every time I went to comic con. This is crazy man. He was too nice and genuine. This just got home 
fuck sake, he was just mentioned in a thread yesterday about people who have surprisingly not died yet
Today’s been really rough for me. This doesn’t help. I’m a huge fan of his work, as are we all. I’m even wearing spidey vans right now.

 I just wonder if his last days were comfortable, especially considering the awful news that’s been coming out about his living conditions. 
RIP Stan Lee. I love your comics. You left an amazing legacy.
Marvel movies will never be the same without the cameos of this brilliant hero! 
Seeing his cameos was one of the joys when watching Marvel‘s movies. 
Spiderman is my favorite superhero. I was never able to follow comics since I grew up in Cuba but I was able to get some here and there. 

I love comics and I recognize the reach and the cultural phenomenon that you created, your contributions to the world's culture are inmense and hard to quantify or put into words. You are definitely immortal, that's your super power. 

We, your devoted fans, will remember you forever and keep your work alive. 

Thank you for everything you did, and everything you fought for when everyone else was too afraid or thought comics were silly things for kids.

Excelsior!
Looking back this is still an oof 
F
I got to see Stan at C2E2 a few years ago in Chicago. I thought to myself go see him because who knows how many years he has left. Fortunately, it was a few more.

During the Q&A section of his panel, a young kid came up and said he was doing a presentation about Stan to his class about Stan’s work and life. And he asked for a video intro to the presentation. And Stan could have blown this kid off, but said said sure and the kid had a script and everything. And Stan did the video intro three times for the kid so he would have a good take and a few options.

We all sat in the audience silent as he did it as not to blow the takes too. And I thought, goddamn. Stan really cares about the fans. 

I hope that kid got on A+ on this report. It’s that kindheartedness that makes me so happy for everything that Stan gave to the fans.
Stan has a hand in creating my most beloved and favorite heroes as well as the world they inhabit. I will never forget him for that. The whole world won’t now. 

I was fortunate to meet him at a con 4 years ago when he was 91. 

I wanted to get a photo op with him as opposed to his signature on a comic or something else. I just wanted to meet him and have a pic to remember. 

The moment was fast as they usually are for these sorts of things. 

When it was my turn, he looked over and smiled at me as I thanked him for his work and how I was honored to meet him. He nodded. 

We turned and smiled for the picture. All in all, it was probably a 30 second interaction. After the pic he quipped:

“Well that was quick!”

I laughed and thanked him as I walked out. 

It’s not the most exciting interaction you’ll see posted on here but it’s mine. And I won’t ever forget it. 

Rest In Peace Mr. Lee
Stan Lee's characters have been my biggest source of inspiration since I was a kid and are the thing I am passionate about to this day.

Rest easy. Excelsior.
Wow just logged in and found this. 

Thank you for your work, Stan. Have fun over there. 
I had the pleasure of meeting Stan Lee a few years ago at a VIP party at a local con. He was a fucking cool man.
He’s not dead guys, just frozen. Someday he’s gonna Captain America the shit out of us.
Af all the celebrities that have passed away in that later months and have provoked a big response from their fans, this really hit me and I understand what those fans felt when their beloved personality departed. This guy gave me choices to cope with loneliness, bullying or just slacking off. 
Excelsior!
without the characters he created i wouldn’t be here today. seeing tony stark, a character who made mistakes and grew from them, used snark to hide his problems... but still had people who helped and loved him, who was still a hero despite his flaws, it gave me the courage i needed to reach out and get help. 

the heroes mr lee created or helped create helped me feel strong when i couldn’t feel much at all and i will be forever grateful, because they saved my life

excelsior, mr lee. excelsior. 
He was a guest at my state's comic convention a couple years back. Unfortunately, due to his health, he was unable to attend. However, that didn't stop him from attending his panel. He set up a Skype call to the convention from his hotel room. He was able to answer fans questions and had a smile on his face the whole time. How many celebrities do that? Not many. Stan truly was remarkable.
When I was working at Home Shopping Network back in 2001, we were not allowed to interact with the guests when they came in to sell their products on live TV.  After Stan was finished with his on-air segment selling comics, he walked by my row in the call center and all I, and my coworkers, could do is wave.. low and behold he came our way to meet us and shake our hands.  He was TRULY a down-to-earth, humble guy.  He could have kept walking and ignore us, but he didn't.  Took a quick picture with him!  https://i.imgur.com/dUKv6jN.png

edit:  grammar
When I was very young my grandfather used to baby sit me while my mother would work. My grandfather was a German refugee after world war II and was a young teenager in the 60’s. He faced a lot of racism because a lot of the other kids parents had just come back from fighting the Germans. But in the 60’s when he felt he had no friends he stumbled upon Marvel comics,  They helped make him feel normal, he could identify with Peter Parker being a dorky daggy teenage kid, or the the thing having rocks for skin. He collected and read all of the first issues and series! Now fast forward 40 years when my grandfather would babysit me he’d take me to our local comicbook shop buy me a comic and read it to me when we got home! My grandfather introduced me to a universe that he loved that Stan Lee created. Marvel superheroes have a very special place in my heart from a special place of my childhood! 
this question sucks
My Parents decided to tell me today they’re getting a divorce (I’m 15) and Stan Lee has always inspired me and let me live the lives I wish I could through all of his stories and movies. Now that will mean so much more to me. This is the worst day of my life. Major F
[Edit] Thanks everyone for all the kindness :)
He and his wife both died at 95 years of age. He 35,018 days old. She was 34,850, with Stan only lasting 168 days more
We lost a legend today. RIP Stan Lee. 
Get ready to see hundreds of images of superheroes crying.
I never thought of him as an *old* man, he was eternally young at heart, he was never embittered by his advancing years; he seemed to laugh in the face of Time.
I'm sure he is alive in an alternate universe.
Sad day, man was a legend and a huge shaper of my childhood and imagination. 
I allways was the DC guy more than the Marvel guy but damn will I miss him and am I thankfull for his work 
I thought gods didn't die.
The death of a legend.  But his spirit and awesome stories will live on forever. 
Hope they shot a bunch of green screen footage of him so he can be planted into every future movie as a nod to what he gave us! 
he created the world I love today
Rest In Peace, Stan, and thank you for all the stories that generations of people got raised on
His life will be celebrated. Stan Lee helped so many people and will continue to do so long after his passing. He's more of a hero than anyone he's ever written about. Mankind should be so lucky to have someone like him be with us for so long. Rest easy Stan Lee.
Just imagine, your death being an event that people not only mourn over, but that people dreaded in advance. What a wonderful life this man lead. An inspiration to us all.
Gonna miss this old goofy bastard made my childhood 100% better. Rest easy old friend.
F indeed. Just, hard to get used to.
Stan Lee gave me escape from my shitty childhood.
He gave me friends when i was alone.
He made me smile when I had nothing else to bring me joy. 

Thank you so so much Stan Lee.

Excelcior! 
Ive never met the guy personally, and I cant say what kind of guy he was, but he cared about his work, his fans, and that i can respect.  Godspeed.
I wasn’t a comic book person but I enjoy many of the cartoons and movies based on his work and those of his colleagues. I always loved his cameos on them too he was a brilliant man who brought entertainment to so many and will for the foreseeable future as his work lives on through the ages.

Truly saddened by this. My best to his family and friends during this time of loss. 

RIP good sir!
Today we have lost earth's mightiest hero. RIP Stan Lee, thanks for keeping me entertained for 22+ years of my life. Huge fan of your life's work.
I'm a huge Marvel fan and it warms my heart to see threads about Stan Lee all across reddit. 
Words can't describe how much respect I had for this man. 



F : RIP
Good bye, Stan. The other side needs you more than we do. 

Excelsior!
A sad day for sure, shine on you legend
The thing that fascinates me most is that he could possibly have the biggest celebrity turn out for a funeral ever.  Not even 20 years ago if you said the loss of Stan Lee would affect that many people you would think that was crazy.  But here we are.  
RIP Stan Lee, one of the best writers and entertainers of our time
F
F
Can I get an F in the chat, lads? F
[deleted]
F
Mods: let's make a megathread to remember Stan Lee!

Everyone: F
The mod who posted this literally did it for karma rofl this is not relevant to this subreddit at all
Man I love Spider-Man because of him. Being 25, I really enjoyed Spider-Man 2 (2004) as that’s one of my all time favorite movies. I loved both Spider-Man games on PS1 along with Spider-Man 2 on PS2. Played those games for hours upon hours growing up! RIP Stan Lee!! 
Isn’t it just tragic that he didn’t just live to see the conclusion of this ten year MCU story? 

Such a nice guy.. 
I, by coincidence, actually saw a video yesterday about every Stan Lee cameo ever in every Marvel/superhero show/film. I never expected him to die the day right after I saw it. I mean, I didn't expect him to live much longer obviously, as he was 95. I even remember seeing a whole bunch of those cameos, even one of them being in the spider-man animated series, where Spider-man goes to an alternate dimension, meets Stan and goes web-slinging with Stan Lee on his back (I saw it as a kid). His movies truly were great (I mean, I personally think that the Doctor Strange final battle was short xD)! Movie after movie, the MCU universe was getting much more interesting. Movies like Black Panther, Thor Ragnarok and Guardians of the Galaxy (volumes 1 & 2) are good examples of great movies. I will miss his originality, movies (I mean, Marvel MUST continue, so I guess there will be more movies) and his cameos. 

&#x200B;

So long Stan Lee, rest in peace.
It's difficult to overstate the impact that Stan Lee has had on my life, not just as a fan but also as an illustrator. He's written some of the best available books on graphic storytelling. I am gutted by his death. 

95 might seem old, but what a lot of younger people don't realize is that while our bodies age as we get older, we are still the same people inside as we've always been. A death at 95 is just as tragic IMHO as it is at any other time of life. 

RIP Stan. You will be sorely missed.
"We wanted to make this thread to honor and remember this wonderful man, so please use it, discuss his life, his work, his cameos, ect and what they meant to you."

The majority of the internet: "F"
This may have already been said but I think someone out there should draw the great character of comics be his pallbearers in a one off print. The casket of Stan Lee being carried by Spawn (image comics), Batman/Superman (DC comics), captain America, Spiderman, iron Man (marvel). Of course that's my six but you can't say that wouldn't be a dope picture. It's the one time everyone in comics could come together to celebrate the life of a great man.
...I don’t feel so good. 

But in all seriousness, he has had a big part in shaping me and so many other people with his work and the whole universe he created.

And what a beautiful and big heart Stan must have had as well, it seems he really knew the meaning of love. He really did create a beautiful life for himself as well together with his wife. They  even lived through losing a child few days after delivery and pushed through it together and her support and love is the reason Stan didn’t quit writing when he was depressed so she is also the reason why we have the characters we love today. A lot of people nowadays give up on loved ones in those situations and don’t value what is really important in life. 

It genuinely looks like they were not only lovers but partners and best friends to each other. It’s heartwarming to know that unconditional true love like this exist. Not many people these days who will one day get at the end of the rope can say that they have been married for 69 years. Truly beautiful love story they had. He must have really missed her in this past year.


What I’m trying to say is that he did not only shape me with the world he created but he also inspires me with his passion, hard work and the way he lived his life. 


He had a long and marvelous life and he will always live on in us and in future generations to come. 

I will truly miss you Stan Lee.
Thank you for your service for improving uncountable children's imaginations and giving them something to rely on, in times of bereavement, estrangement and unspeakable things happened to them in their early lives. These children  looked upon Spiderman and other characters and saw a hero that they could become, how power ensures more responsibility and how to be the better man/woman out of any situation.

Your characters went through the same struggle and hero's journey that reminded those children who are now adults and will forever be grateful and cherish those memories. Hoping one day to become the hero that they wanted to be since the childhood. 

Thank you Stan Lee. May the God of Death embrace you with warm hug.  May the custodians of the path, the two dogs ensure that you have a safe passage. 

So long, old friend, until we meet at the chinvata bridge  😢
A great and influential man that will truly be missed. I met him twice at a convention and he seemed to be incredibly and genuinely interested in his fans. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and close friends in this trying time. 
Creating Spider-Man was one of the most meaningful things he did in many peoples lives. Spider-Man isn't a hero that was destined to be one, he was just a nerdy kid in high school. I believe that he changed many people's lives by saying that anyone could be a hero.
Do you think they'll bring him back for Avengers 4?
He got to see the his work in the grandest cinematic universe ever made and participate in the universe he created all those years ago. I'd say he wasn't too disappointed, it was a good time to go, all the way on top. RIP Stan Lee
To anyone that cares, in a My Hero Academia fanfiction (which is an alternative version of the Chisaki arc) Stan Lee makes a cameo as a retired Pro Hero that gives a rousing speech to Izuku. I read it not long after Stan's death. It hit very hard on the feels. It was awesome.
[deleted]
"Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken?"

RIP to both Pratchett and Lee, may you inspire for many Generations to come.
Stan, thank you for the many smiles and bits of joy that you've given us. You've provided so much entertainment for us all, and left a legacy while doing so. You're truly the superhero that every child should aspire to be. With all love and F's from the reddit community and the many fans around the world, we hope that you rest in peace. We'll miss you dearly.
He had a good run, his legacy will live on, Excelsior! ;_ ;
Rest in peace, Stan. Rest knowing that we will all cherish your legacy and your kind heart.

<3
God speed you brilliant man you changed my life for the better and shall be missed dearly God speed
His contributions to Popular culture can not be understated. The lives he's touched directly and indirectly were forever changed. Now go kick it with the one above all.
Thank you Stan for everything you’ve given us. Your legend will be timeless and unmatched in worth for those who grew up among your works. It quite literally hurts my stomach to say, Rest In Peace Stan, you will be loved and missed unconditionally.
Anyone watch that show where he goes around finding people with  extraordinary abilities and talents irl? I loved that show.
This is such sad news. After his wife died, I had a feeling he was soon to follow, just hoped it'd be a bit later. 
R.I.P. Mr Stan Lee.
I'm gonna miss his cameos. I know they filmed a few in advance, an who knows, maybe they 3D scanned him to make some convincing CGI later, but finding his cameos always made me laugh.

Best one is from Deadpool 1, nobody expects a 90 yo as a strip club bouncer. 
Thanks for the many hours of laughter and tears Stan. The fictional universe you created had so much depth that I could have sworn it was real.

F.
RIP, Godspeed, & Thank you very, very much for everything Stan.
F to the great bringer of joy, been a fan since I was a child grew up on spiderman like any others! Respect to the man that joined the one above all!
Looking forward to the cameo in heaven. Rest in peace you magnificent bastard.
I'll be honest, I was never really into Marvel superheroes or any superhero franchise, but he really truly was a legendary man. He was a hero for many of my friends, and his legacy will live on in our childhoods and in those of the future generations. Rest in peace, long live in memory Stan Lee. 
Man, just a little while ago I was reading a post talking about him and I absolutely teared up just from that, this man is by far the only celebrity that I cared about purely because he was such a wholesome and wonderful person his entire life, who created so much joy for millions of people and I hope to send support and good vibes to everyone that had the pleasure to be in his life.
I met him once at a comic book convention in maybe 1989-1990. I thought it was really neat. Today I know that it was a blessing.

He was a badass yesterday, imagine him almost three decades ago. 
The first time I have ever felt true sadness from the death of a celebrity. Stan Lee plays a huge part in developing my love for pop culture. Thank You.
Can't wait for the CGI Stan Lee cameos 
This morning I woke up and heard the terrible news.

I don’t think i’ve ever been this upset about a celebrity death. As a kid I grew up watching the Spider-Man and X-Men cartoons as well as reading any Marvel comics I could, plus play the video games.

Getting older i’ve been able to go back and read the stories that he himself wrote and they are brilliant. It’s really a universe coming to life.

I never got to meet him, but the characters he created left a lasting impression on this nerdy 30 year old.

Rest In Peace Stan.
F
F
You know, I'm not that sad. He did such a massive amount of work, and his legacy will live on for decades, maybe centuries. In fact, once we leave this planet through extinction or intergalactic travel, I'd bet on aliens coming here and finding relics of the heroes he created. Maybe they'll believe they're true, if only briefly.

And now, after nearly a century of work, he can lay to rest, remembered for the legends he created, and the legend he was.
[removed]
Thank you, Stan Lee - For everything. Also, you were kind of my wingman. 

 I scored a date with my current girlfriend by inviting her to see Spider Man. When we left the theater, we pretended to shoot web & soar between buildings in the city of Los Angeles. We named a duck couple  in my neighborhood, Petey & Gwendy. They even had baby ducklings. She introduced me to Spider Man Blue & I fell in love with her & with the story about about Peter Parkers first true love.  
"We wanted to make this thread to honor and remember this wonderful man, so please use it discuss his life, his work, his cameos, etc and what they meant to you."

98% of people in this thread: "F". 
I really hope they don't make a CGI Stan Lee to cameo in the Marvel films from now on, it just won't be the same as having him there and distasteful to his memory.
I think it so strange that there was an askreddit thread *THE OTHER DAY* about who people think is crazy that they're still alive.  Stan Lee was one of them.

RIP.
1,000 years from now  this man’s universe will still be known and told.. legendary Human being. I raise my glass to you Stan for living one hell of an amazing life
Met him at fan expo years ago. Got his autograph on issue 50 of What if the Hulk killed the Wolverine. The man smiled. I will and many across the universe & all the other universes will miss him.

This man is behind many of my childhood hero's and villians. Especially the villians.

My kids as well

He will be missed.

RIP. EXCLESIOR!!!
Back in 2014 my wife and I attended PAC-CON in Spokane for our anniversary. It was hosted by Stan Lee and William Shatner. While we were waking around and enjoying the booths and sights of celebrity voice actors and the such, we walked passed a photo booth blocked off by black plastic wrap. I looked at my wife and said "I bet that's where Stan and bill are doing there photos with people."  A few moments later Stan walked out of the side of the booth area, greeted us and shook our hands. It was only a few seconds of interaction, but it was well worth the ticket price just to meet him and say hello. Later my wife damn near hyperventilated when she saw William Shatner. Times that I will never forget. 
Stan has impacted so many lives in so many ways, and I’m no exception. I’ve always loved Marvel, especially Spider-Man, and long after Stan the Man steps down from the position of King of Cameos, his work will continue to inspire me, as I hope it will with all of you. I’ll never forget the impact he’s had on my life, from one of my first video games (Spider-Man: Web of Shadows for the PS2 at like age 6 I think) to my newest one (Spider-Man PS4 in about 2 weeks), from my first comic to my last, I’ll never forget my generalissimo. Because although he’s gone from the world, he’s still within all of us. It sounds cheesy I know, but it’s true. He’s the gamma radiation, the super soldier serum, the shrapnel in our hearts. He’s the pym particles we breathe. He’s the spider DNA in our blood. He’s the Uncle Ben in our dreams. Stay strong, True Believers. He’d want it that way.

Excelsior.
My dad, brother, and I would often find a bond in watching MCU movies, or superhero and action films in general. One of the highlights of the MCU movies is Sir Stan Lee's cameos. All three of us would eagerly wait for his cameos, sometimes even re-watching a whole movie just because we forgot which scene he appeared in. We are very fond of him.

There are just no words to express how much I respect this man.
RIP Stan Lee. May he always be remembered for his great deeds and marvellous achievements over his long and fulfilling life. I hope that if there is truely a afterlife  that he has been able to peacefully reunite with all the loved ones who had passed before him.


May be Rest In Peace.


Excelsior


Just finished Endgame

F
Today a true legend falls. Rip Stan Lee. The world will never be the same without. 
I aspire to have a legacy like him. May his legend live on forever.
At least he managed to feature in the super hero movie of the century before he passed.

Teen titans go to the movies.
Stan Lee's work has always been a lighthouse that would help me find the way through the darkest times. What has done in life truly will echo through eternity thanks to the many inspired by him.  You will be miss, and always loved, Stan.

Excelsior!
His stories and characters taught me that people aren't good or bad, that we need to fight for what or who we believe in, and that anyone can become a hero. 
Marvel has become an important part of who I am, and it has touched many others in the same way.
Rest in peace, Stan. You're a legend.
Pains to read the first sentence of his Wikipedia page. "Was" is a sad word in these kind of situations. Big respect for the hero who created heroes. Rest in peace, Stanley.
F
To the man that gave the world superheroes and wasn't afraid to chase his dreams.

F.



To the man who made hope for a living. Excelsior.
Stan lee!! YOU MADE MY FUCKING CHILDHOOD. i LOVE EVERYTHING YOU CREATED!
F
What an incredible man. He has made so many characters and so many stories that have brought inspiration, joy and happiness to so many people. It’s such a sad day to see him go. May he rest in peace, and I hope he’s rockin’ it up there with Thor in Valhalla. 
Gone but never forgotten. We'll miss him.
For all the drama and fighting going on in comic books today, it's sad that we lost someone who was so loved and so unifying as Stan Lee. 
F for an absolute legend. He will forever be known as one of the most culturally influential people in all of human history. 
Rest in peace. Truly a legend, we'll miss him. I hope they do some sort of "In memory of Stan Lee" in the next Avenger's movie. 
Thank you Stan Lee for creating some of my favorite characters and worlds.  I had a shitty childhood and the amazing art and storytelling of comics helped me escape and invited  me  to dream of a world where I could make a difference. I'm super sad but I'm glad he gave us so much.
Thank you for giving us some of the best characters in literature history. F.
F
F
A new addition has entered the hallowed halls of Asgaard. RIP Stan. 
I swear, this thread's gonna break the world record of most F's in one Reddit thread.
Not fair man, he did so much for the world and touched many people's lives through his works. He's lived a long and fulfilling life. May he rest in peace.
Excelsior, you magnificent bastard.
Excelsior!!

Thank you Stan Lee, your stories, characters and ideas were a huge part of my childhood and you will always be a true hero to me.
His death actually gave me the same feeling I had when my grandfather died. He was a real hero with such a kind work. Rest in peace and I dearly believe he's in a far greater place than here.
Rip Stan, you made comics and characters that have impacted the world! Gone but not forgotten, remembered forever. Thanks for all you’ve done. 🤟
R.I.P. Stan, you created great things while on this earth and it will be remembered for lifetimes to come. Sleep well, you deserve it. 
Tony Stark's real father just passed away.
F
Stan, thank you for being my hero. Even with all the heroes you’ve created, you’ve always been the one I admire the most.
I guess one man can make a difference. Rip Stan the Man. Was doing a binge reading of all the Spiderman series.
F
F
F
Excelsior!
Rest in peace
I was going into a movie theater to watch the new grinch movie when my sister told me about him, R.I.P Stan "the man" Lee I always wanted to meet you, what a shame I never could, but i was prepared considering his age and health issues.
It made me SICK how much karma grinding was going on over the legends dead body. I know I'm late to it but Stan lee will always be in my heart god damn it.
I still haven’t come to terms with the fact that Endgame is going to be his last cameo
I’m usually not moved by celebrity deaths even if they made an impact on the world.  As death is a part of life but this one really hits me because Stan Lee created somethings that every single person and child knows today. 

Rest in peace and thank you for being the light-bearer and illuminating imagination in every child’s mind.
Stan had such a huge influence on my world back in the day. I’d say the bulk of my morality lessons came not from family, community or church, but from Spider-Man. Indirectly all those things informed me via Stan and other later writers, but the avenue that really reached me was comics. Rest well, and excelsior. 
Stan created my favorite superhero Spiderman, when I was old enough I got my first tattoo a silhouette of Spderman, many years later I saw a woman with a Spiderman tattoo, a few years after that she became my wife. Thank you Stan for making the world a brighter place. Excelsior!
His comics helped me through some very hard times in my life. Rest in peace Stan, you had a great cameo in mallrats
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFFFFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF  
FFFFFF
Go in peace, you wonderful man. 
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?

I would feel like "finally. Lawmakers taking the public's issues to heart."
I agree, and any ad for a auto service shop that plays squealing brakes or ominous engine sounds as well. 
Reddit, how do you feel about [common Reddit opinion]?

Edit: The fact that this is #3 for top of this year astounds me.
[deleted]
Also doorbells on commercials because my dogs.
I was driving one day and listening to a very popular radio station in my region. And I saw all cars around me on the highway swerve a little bit when a commercial with sirens came on. Very dangerous stuff if you ask me.

Edit: in the city close to where I live carnival is very popular and very well known, for about one month each year the festival gets their own radio station with loud obnoxious party music that is quite funny. Swerve is maybe an exaggeration but I saw the reaction of many drivers in my vicinity since the siren came on quite loud after the news bulletin.
I want to ban AskReddit posts about shit everyone will agree with 
You see this kind of question so often, everyone already agrees with the post anyway, it contributes nothing and is blatant karma whoring
Redditors, what are your thoughts on low hanging fruit Ask Reddit questions and diamonds and vaccines?
This is the most circle jerk post I’ve seen in a very long time
Reddit, do you think water is wet?
Oh fuck off i hate these posts, yes people want this, get out of here
I'd be fine with it.  Hell, I'd encourage the ban.  I flinch whenever those commercials are played.
This is a bad post. You’re asking a leading question that an overwhelmingly majority already agrees with. 

Reddit, how would you feel if we had hovercars that didn’t run on gas
/r/Shitpost
"Reddit, what's something you always bitch about and we all know the answer to, but I want a shitload of meaningless internet points?"
What about songs with those noises, will they get banned too?
I would prefer a law that bans asking this same question every week
Section 325(a) of the Communications Act, which states, in pertinent part:

No person within the jurisdiction of the United States shall knowingly utter or transmit, or cause to be uttered or transmitted, any false or fraudulent signals of distress, or communication relating thereto. . . .

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/325

https://www.allaccess.com/fcc-uncensored/archive/5891/sirens-on-the-radio

It's already against the Federal Communications Act.  Contact the radio station, advertiser, etc citing this, and it will stop.
Almost no one will say no to this. Fishing for upvotes OP. How often is this an issue anyway
Why the fuck is this the top post of all time?
To be honest, I HATE these type of posts. Like is there anyone in the world who WOULDN'T be ok with a law like that? What kind of discussion is going to take place here other than people agreeing with it? This is literally a karma grab.
I don't think it's a big enough issue to waste time thinking about
Add babies crying to that list and I'll sign the petition.
I'd feel good about it. There are already laws about what can be said in broadcast and the loudness of ads vs. the main content.
I would feel it is a bad law.
[deleted]
This? This is the top most upvoted thread in AskReddit? A question no one in their right mind would ever disagree with?

You guys are weird.
"Reddit, how do you feel about (popular opinion)?
Yet another soapbox opinion worded in the form of a question to shoehorn it into this sub. 
Askreddit, how do you feel about banning this stupid type of "question"?
Bill Gates said, "I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it." What's a real-life example of this?

I was working as a stockboy in a supermarket and when we had to fill the milk cooler people would bust open a 12 pack of milk cartons and put them in one by one. 

On my first day I just placed the 12 pack in the cooler and cut the plastic off on one side with my box cutter and yanked it from under it and the look of the store manager and the other employee who was training me was pure bewilderment.

From that day everyone did it my way.
Start of lockdown, my 9 year old son was having worksheets emailed to complete at home. One day, left him at the laptop doing his maths while I made some dinner with my 3 year old daughter. Walked into the living room with his dinner to find him asking the Alexa all of his maths questions.
Worked as a laborer at a nursery one summer. Daily tasks included manually watering 15,000 plants each day. Put together a back of the napkin plan to build an irrigation system and spent the next few weeks building it with some money from the boss. That system is still running 15 years later and does all the work now. I did automate myself out of the job and had to find another eventually. 

Couple years later got my engineering degree. I’m convinced Engineers are inherently lazy people that will spend a disproportionate effort to make things easier.
My brother in law spent a whole summer trying to figure out how to fix his sagging deck at the lake which he could in theory crawl under and jack it up.

It would have been a tunneling project. It's a 60x60 area all long 2x6 boards. Massive. 

I sat there long enough with enough beers in me to come up with the idea of just cutting a square out of the sagging area about 3ft x 3ft, jacking it up then re-screwing down the boards.
He paints the thing every spring with a roller anyhow so it's not like the square cut shows up.

He thought I was a genius. 

I was just lazy.
We had to hold a thermometer in water in chemistry class. It probably was only 20 minute experiment but your arms get tired after a couple minutes and you can’t let the thermometer touch the bottom of the pan or it won’t get an accurate reading. So instead of sucking it up and just holding the thermometer, my lab partner built a contraption out of lab books and paperclips to somehow hold the thermometer in the water without it touching bottom.

It was the stupidest looking thing you would ever see in a lab class and our professor even walked over and said “if it looks stupid, sounds stupid, but it works, then it isn’t stupid.” My lab partner and I joke that he wasn’t talking about the contraption but the intellect of my lab partner
I had a math teacher that actively encouraged his students to be as lazy as possible, defining lazy as actively searching for ways to do as minimal work as possible. His logic was that, the way math is now, it could always be simplified and still work the same, someone just needs to be lazy enough to find that.
I was a (paid) intern at a large company during one summer back home from college.

My work 95% consisted of using SAP, import to Excel, clean data and generate reports (occasionally create some tool someone needed). In the 1st 2 weeks after getting a hang of my responsibilities, writing all the Excel formulas needed, and basically automating 99% of my work, I was chilling.

I went from actually working from 9-5 to maybe 1 hour tops a day. Finding, importing, cleaning, and reporting usually took hours but with all the formulas it took 2 minutes of clicking. I then helped the other cool intern get his shit set up so we could both just chill. We could take 2-hour lunches (paid for by the company) and nobody said anything cause we were just getting so much more done than the other interns. Ofc I helped for special tasks when asked but those were simple 20min tasks building something in Excel.

Overall, was the easiest/stress-less internship of my life.
The clerk was asked to bring 145 white papers into the office. He doesn't want to count the papers manually so he printed 145 blank sheets and took them in.
One of my favorite examples is Andy Kim. And I'd like to preface this by saying that I don't think Kim is lazy so much as a genius.

Andrew Youakim was a singer/songwriter who became famous under the stage name Andy Kim. He achieved success writting songs for bands like the Archies, possibly most notably "Sugar, Sugar." After his success he coasted for awhile until his record label dropped him for lack of output. At that point he created his own  label and cranked out hits like "Rock Me Gently." When they saw this, the big record labels then bought his label under the assumption that they would then profit off of the songs he wrote and performed.

He then very shortly stopped writing songs and largely lived off the sale of his label.

Work smarter not harder.
It took me like 3 months, but I automated a data pipeline to extract data, clean it up, and spit it out in an excel or pdf format to one of our clients.

I walked over to shoot the shit with the lady who handles my client and gives me tasks and she told me we make 40k off them every month for that automated job.

Fuck, I need to go start my own business.
When  Carl Friedrich Gauss, the famous German mathematician and physicist was in elementary school (around 1784), his class was assigned the "busy work" task of adding all the numbers from 1 to 100 (1+2+3+4, and so on). This usually kept the class quiet for half an hour or so. Seven year-old Carl  was sitting quietly with the correct answer (5050) while the rest of the class was just starting, so the surprised teacher asked him how he came up with the solution. He replied that he added 1 and 100 and got 101. Then he added 2 and 99, and got 101, 3 plus 98 = 101, and so on. He realized there was a pattern of 50 pairs of numbers with each pair adding up to 101. And 50 x 101 = 5050.
When I was in college I had a job at an Italian fast food place with a reputation for it's breadsticks.
They came in frozen and needed a bit to thaw, so we'd take a giant 3x4ft aluminum baking sheet, spread them out in a single layer with no spaces and cover it with a plastic bag, then leave it sit in the walk-in overnight. The next day you'd have to get a pair of tongs and move each stick to a new tray, turning them over, then cover the new tray with the bag and let them sit on racks for a couple of hours before brushing on the garlic butter sauce. This was tedious enough that you'd usually be ready to brush the butter on the first tray as soon as you turned the last tray.
I was given this task for the first time one morning and just did not want to deal with it. I realized if I put the second tray upside down on top of the first one then turned it over and took the first tray out, I got exactly the same results. Blew the boss's mind when I did the 3 hour job in about 15 minutes. 
I was given a $0.05/hour raise.
I was once set to test a certain piece of equipment on a ship. The test involved attaching the unit to a reader, then run loads of command line commands. Then, one would have to make a copy of all the text, copy it into word and save it as a (real crappy looking) report. There was HUNDREDS of units, and they needed to be testet several times a year. We did about 20-30 a day. It would take several weeks to finish. 

I didn't know coding at the time, but always wanted to learn it.

Within two months, I had made a program, even with a GUI (to spot faults with ease, instead of having to actually READ the reports). The program could read three units at a time, and would automatically create a smooth pdf report and save it on our server, named with serial number and date.

The job was now to attach three units, then wait for about 3 minutes, detach and attach new ones. Basically 30 seconds work, 3 minutes break. I could now test all units in a day, though I would typically spread it out over a couple more days.

When I left the company, I left the program on the test computer. I got an email from an ex colleague a few months later, saying they were using the program on several ships now. There wasn't any manual for the program, of course, but it was so straight forward that it wasn't needed.
>If I need directions I'm not asking a man with one tooth, I'm asking a man with one leg. Cause he definitely knows the easiest way to get there. Yup, if there's a shortcut that one legged fucker knows where it is. You won't be hoppin' fences neither.
I plug clocks in at midnight so they're already set.
Eating dinner out of the pot so there’s fewer dishes to wash.
An older company had a person dedicated to “data entry” which boiled down to copying and pasting portions of data from text files into spreadsheet and formatting into a report. 

The person originally doing this job spent a full 40+ hours/week doing it, but was not very computer literate. When they retired, the company hired someone with actual skills. The new hire convinced management to let her work remotely after getting up to speed on the job. 

The first week at home was spent automating the entire job. The remainder of their multi-year tenure with the company was spent doing whatever they wanted save the 10-15 minutes weekly to run their program and to answer the odd email here and there. All while getting paid full salary and benefits. They actually had to add in a few errors now and then to make it seem realistic.
Worked in a local adult education center. One of my main tasks was to make calculation about how many people enlisted for a course, how many of them got discounts (unemployeds e.g.), how many men/women/age etc. That was needed to calculate upcoming courses fees etc. That was my only work there and I hated it.

This was in early 90s, so PCs were a thing in our offices but I had no idea how to write a program or use a database to use this informations. Lucky as I am our center had an interesting policy: when you want to educate yourself, you can attend that class for free. And when it's during the worktime, then this is worktime - as long as my supervisor is ok with that. She was.

So I spent 3 months "studying" database structures, scripting, coding etc. I told my tutor what I wanna do and he helped me to write a script that grabs all necessary informations from the courses-database, copy that into another database and then I went crazy and wrote code that was insane. I implemented "what if" scenarios thanks to filters. At the end I was able to do my work, that needed 6hrs a day within 15 minuntes. I mean, before that it took e.g. an hour to have all the necessary informations to have a "how many unemployed single parent women does it need to make the costs of that course even. I had EVERYTHING back then. Now you want statistics how many single parent disabled foreign women at the age of 80-90 are needed for the next 2 years to keep the ornithology course running? Sure, no problem. Clickety-Click, done.

After that, I started the PC in the morning, grabbed all the data, ran my script, was done within 15 mins and then read the book I brought from home. At the end of the day I gave my supervisor several dozens of papers, statistics, predictions etc and said "That was a lot of work!!" and went home. My supervisor was superhappy with me because I did so much more now and was super-effective.
I worked 'goods in' for an aircraft manufacturer as a summer job at university. Parts would arrive, we'd open them and key in all the details into a terminal. That bit was long winded. I discovered the terminal keyboard has assignable shortcuts, and set up a bunch of them for all the boilerplate such that keying in an item was about six keystrokes. Saved myself and my workmate hours every day, which we would spend pranking each other, other warehouse staff and staff at other sites.
I had a manager in my twenties who detested the fact I turned a two hour process into a fifteen minute process.  It exposed how much lazier he was compared to me because when the higher ups learned from other people at my level that I created the program, they took me aside and told me he took credit for it.  They asked me how I felt about that.

I told them what decisions they make regarding the manager's character is their decision.  Just put yourselves in my shoes and consider it from that angle.

They did nothing and I took the concept to a competitor who invested the money into making the program more robust and proprietary.  My name was line one on the patent and trademark documents and I did well enough to semi-retire at 45.

I credit Lee Iacocca for the inspiration.  He went through a similar problem with higher ups at Ford and his answer was to take his brain to Chrysler who would value it.
Back in highschool a lot of kids used to walk thru his park to get home/to school. A portion of the path went into the woods because it was just quicker than walking the actual trail.  At one point in the walk through the woods,  you had to go up this small but tedious hill; nothing major but it took like 10 seconds of hard work to go up it.  You couldn’t go around because one side was a small cliff to the creek below and other side had dense trees.  One summer, a bunch of us got together and decided to just dig through that hill to make it flat.  It took like 14 of us 3 good days to get through it.  

It was a hard 3 days but it was definitely worth it. Saved 10 second of hill climbing every morning and afternoon, 150+ days of the year. And it wasn’t just us, but hundreds of other kids who took the same party every day. Sometimes you need to put in a lot of work so your future selves can enjoy the easy way out.
I was invited to my friend’s yearly apple picking: it was a full day of apples and kids and filling a truck for cider.  I’m lazy and suggested we make the process more efficient with tarps on the ground.  We managed in 2 hours what historically took all day.  We didn’t even get to the picnic lunch.  Essentially, I ruined apple picking
Walkie Talkie's. In every job I've ever had these things make your day far less labor intensive if used correctly.
Hopefully this hasn't been posted yet

[https://thedailywtf.com/articles/ITAPPMONROBOT](https://thedailywtf.com/articles/ITAPPMONROBOT)

Basically in order to restart a server, they made a robot that would eject it's CD tray every time it couldn't ping it
In Australia explorers discovered a mountain that was taller than Mt Kosciuszko, which was though to be the tallest mountain in Australia. Rather then cause confusion by telling everyone a new tallest mountain had been found, they simply named the new mountain Mt Kosciuszko and renamed the original to something else.
Sounds like Hanlon's Razor.   [https://fs.blog/2017/04/mental-model-hanlons-razor/](https://fs.blog/2017/04/mental-model-hanlons-razor/) 

 

The German general [Kurt von Hammerstein-Equord](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_von_Hammerstein-Equord) used Hanlon’s razor to assess his men, saying:

>I divide my officers into four groups. There are clever, diligent, stupid, and lazy officers. Usually two characteristics are combined. Some are clever and diligent – their place is the General Staff. The next lot are stupid and lazy – they make up 90 percent of every army and are suited to routine duties. Anyone who is both clever and lazy is qualified for the highest leadership duties, because he possesses the intellectual clarity and the composure necessary for difficult decisions. One must beware of anyone who is stupid and diligent – he must not be entrusted with any responsibility because he will always cause only mischief.
I have a massive exercise to do at our year end (accountancy). My work previously got checked by another manager who spent over 3 weeks going over the data. Eventually she got shifted to another department and that workload fell on me, basically self audit and then present the data to the actual auditors.
My previous manager was absolutely shit at Excel. I didn't let on but I did all the audit on a separate file using simple (but out of the way) formulas. Not only did I reduce the task from 3 weeks to basically real time checks (no time) but when I was told that I have to perform that exercise every month my job became a doddle. I didn't let on that everything was automated by sumifs, indexing, max values and range checks.
Living the dream. (Sorry if I rambled on.)
At work, I go through parts and apply 2 different kinds or tape and 2 different kinds of weave. I have finally got the rhythm down and now I do each part individually, and apply everything at once. Everyone else goes through an entire order, just applying tape, then goes through it again to do the weave. 

I asked to use the *big* table in the back of the shop, and just put all the tape and weave tools there. And do the parts all at once. Normal rate for an 8hr shift is 1200, but I can manage 1800 in a day, going at a nice steady pace. 

Edit: I *can* get 1800 going at a steady pace. I've done it before. But I usually dont. Most days I go slow and relax, purposely only making 1300-1350 or so parts. It's just enough over rate to get my incentive bonus. 

And, thanks to being a "hard and fast" worker, the uppers leave me alone at my big table in the back. They look the other way when I have an earbud in one ear, and they don't notice that I scroll reddit or read a lot.

Edit: I can't say what products we make, they're too recognizable and googling it would reveal where I work and live.
I knew a guy who had a low level data/reporting job. He had several daily/weekly work responsibilities, including a bunch of reports that needed quite a bit of tweaking from raw data to finished product. But like I said, low level.

We didn't find out until way later, but he had set up macros for each of his major responsibilities where he could. Once set up, he'd just run the macros to do his work, but then he'd (smartly) hold off on delivering the reports until just a little before the deadlines. 

He'd hit every assignment and was seen as reliable. He also would complain about the workload so people would leave him with that work. I doubt he did a full hour of work a day after he set up what he did.

Eventually he left the job for one with better pay. But damn did he work lazy. Also, he was smart not to reveal until the end, because had he told them about it he would have gotten a pat on the back and would have been given a whole other workload, on top of maintaining those macros/etc. Dude milked the job, not the other way around.
One of my favorite stories from my youth was "[The Tale of the Man Who Was Too Lazy to Fail"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_Enough_for_Love#%22The_Tale_of_the_Man_Who_Was_Too_Lazy_to_Fail%22). 

I got fed-up with hand writing itemized sub-orders at work, so I set up a spreadsheet that you can just fill out. Then I got tired of having more than one program open, and not being able to search within & among those order sheets (at least not automatically, or easily), so I'm having our FileMaker guy integrate it into our greater ordering & invoicing system.

I was frustrated at the pointlessness of sorting a giant pile of paper invoices from an unpaid stack to a paid stack every month, so I just use the accounting software to keep track.

I became *so irritated* with having to fill out a multi-page, printed spreadsheet for every single order (sometimes just one item, two pages in [and frequently, there would be those pesky itemized sub orders]) that I condensed the items into "most used", put them  all on one easy to read sheet, and encouraged my co-worker to simply write out the more uncommon items at the bottom.

Basically, I hate busy work, and paper invariably leads to busy work. I have tried to reduce the use of paper in our office, but have not been entirely successful. 

We have to have written order forms available (because sometimes the orders are coming in too fast to be able to type it all quickly & correctly), and have to keep some paper records for things like Organic, FDA, and USDA audits - but all in all I'd say my absolute hatred of filing has reduced busywork here by at least half.
Me. I automate shit all the time at work to make daily routine jobs more easy. I write manuals with screenshots with arrows indicating where to click or where to fill in what. Whenever I write a manual, I assume that whoever reads it is a complete idiot so that whenever customers call for the same questions again, I just send them to the online manual I created. No need to type it  out again by email or explain it again by phone.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Does Alexander and the Gordian Knot count?

"A complex knot that, according to prophecy, was to be undone only by the person who was to rule Asia, and that was cut, rather than untied, by Alexander the Great."
My boss put my name in for leading a project group shortly after I joined the company. I had no experience whatsoever about project managing yet he still demanded that I lead the group of 12 people. 

All way smarter guys (tech background and shit, these guys are like magicians for me) and with way more time at the company. 

I’m a business guy who’s too dumb for balance sheets that’s why I’m in HR (and because I quite like the field the most). 

So we started the first meeting, I asked for everyone’s plan, experience and ideas, gathered the different pros and cons, cross checked with the budget we had, put on a time frame with milestones to reach (around 6 months), put in valuable people to consult at different steps. Why did I do that? Because I like organizing stuff and keep everyone on the same page and delegate to-dos. 

Got promoted because of the success of the project. 

I asked my boss why he put me in for it since I never done anything like that. He said because I complained in the first week that most of the work has way too wonky structure, no clear guideline and this could be improved heavily if we just take some time into it. And because I hated talking to others if I had questions and I wouldn’t get a clear answer (like: ask 10 people the same question and you get 15 different answers). In the long run this would make us way more efficient and keeps everyone on the same page. 

All because I hated disorganized work.
Years ago as a student I got a job stocking shelves.  Guys were carrying the heavy boxes, put them on the floor and bend each time to pick up the items to put on the shelves.  I was maybe a light 100 pounds (woman) and carrying the boxes was just killing me physically.  So one day I had an idea.  I put the box on a old desk chair and rolled it around.  No more carrying and no more bending!   Funny thing is that, instead of doing the same thing, most of the guys called me lazy and kept carrying the heavy boxes.  Just to prove how strong they were.

Now they have special rolling carts to do the job.
The entire micellaneous kitchen tools section at Bed, Bath, and Beyond. I don't need an avocado slicer or a lemon squeezer or an automatic chopper/dicer, but lazy old me definitely puts them to good use.
This is a case of ask a lazy person for a solution to handling their work;

I got sent out to California on a fact finding mission about the marijuana growing industry (years ago) to see if there was a market for the sort of A&C work we do (automation & controls).I set up meetings with some of the local growers and met with them, discussed their outdoor grow operations.

Their biggest complaint was having to go to the grow sites to do various tasks associated with maintaining the crop.

I asked them; "If we could provide a system that could allow you to manage those operations remotely from home, would you be interested in buying it?"

Every single guy was like "fuck yeah, if I can do it from bed while smoking a spliff I'd be totally on board for that, that's like my dream come true!"

So it turns out some of the automation that was developed for that industry was marketed to the inherent laziness of stoners who have an entrepreneurial spirit.
My brother gave  my oldest nephew 10 dollars a week if he did all his chores with out needing to be told or complaining.

One day he gets home early from work and sees. The neighbor kid tossing a bag in the trash.   He asks him what he is doing and the kid says he gets 5 bucks a week to take care of a few chores.


My nephew outsourced his chores.
Well I worked in a Graphics design studio as an intern. They mostly had me practice and do some basic stuff their head designers was to busy to do.

One was a real estate add. It had a few basic templates, but it was all kinds of scatterbrained. I would spend 5-10 minutes trying to find the right layer for all the pictures, and had to mess with way too much.

So I made copies of the files, and made one for each template. I labeled everything, made it so the images on top of each other wouldn’t clip into the lower ones like the previous did.. so on.. you could be in and out of the template in 2-3 minutes. Showed my boss the difference, and he had this face of “well shit..” he said the next day that if I was a graduate he’d hire me, because I was better than the people sending applications in. 

In short I made an overly complicated/unorganized thing the opposite, and my boss was actually sad he couldn’t hire me.
I had to carry groceries into the house when I was a kid. I didn’t want to make multiple trips, so I tied several bags to the belt loops on my pants to do it in one trip.
I'm doing it right now, automated data cleaning in Python. My coworkers don't know about it, so something that takes me 10 mins at most takes them 2 hours.

Edit. For everyone who says I should share my code, I have. I even set up a private GitHub space for my team. Some have taken it up, but others (including management) do not like it. I think they feel a little threatened.
I worked for the State doing data entry of a sort - we got scans of forms that people had filled out, and we had to go through and make sure the numbers that the computer had pulled from the scan matched what was written, since it wasn't entirely accurate.

so, the software we used showed us all the scanned documents, and overlaid fields right next to any point where the scanner found numbers, with the number the machine determined was written already in the field. the job was essentially looking at each field and making sure the number right next to it was the same - if it wasn't, fix it. we didn't fuck with any of the text, it was just the numbers.

now, these scans included ALL of the paperwork submitted by each person, including like a dozen pages with no data whatsoever, it was just the beginning of the document that the person read before they filled out the actual forms and stuff. there was also a section just after the middle that was several more pages of information for the person.

my trainer showed me how to do all this - he accepted a new document from the queue, and pressed the down arrow key to scroll through the beginning section until he got to the first field. he made sure the numbers matched and repeated this process for several minutes, before excusing himself and telling me I could come grab him if I had any questions.

I sat down at the computer, and took a look around the room. literally every screen I could see from where I was sitting, people were actively scrolling. some were using mousewheel, most used the down arrow.

I accepted a new document from the queue, and I pushed the tab button. the program instantly brought me to the first field a dozen pages down. I smirked to myself, compared the field to the written text, and repeated THAT process instead. I **did** go back and scroll through that first document to ensure I hadn't missed anything due to a goof in the software or anything like that.

near the end of my second day, I was called into my bosses' office and asked what I'd been doing the past two days. turns out, as of day two, I was churning through five or six times the amount of documents a day compared to people who'd been working there for years. my boss assumed I was just clicking through new documents without doing any work and was very much acting like he had caught me red-handed.

I asked if they reviewed the documents I finished to ensure that I'd done the work. he replied that they hadn't, but, it was obviously impossible to go through that many pages in the time it took me to do it. I told him that I knew for a fact that if he went through any of my work, he'd see everything was fine.

he pulled one of my finished documents at random, and spent several minutes scrolling through it, shaking his head to himself, staring daggers at the screen. he admitted that this document was fine, but, it would take hours for his assistant manager to review all my work.

"Can I show you something? Could you please pull up another random document of mine?"

he rolled his eyes, but, he did it. I stood up from my chair, came around the desk, and I hit tab. he was looking at the screen like it was witchcraft, I showed him the field matched, and tabbed my way through the rest of the fields, confirming the rest of the numbers as I did. I finished reviewing the whole document with him in less than a minute.

he asked me if my trainer showed me that. I replied that he hadn't, but, it was a universal keyboard shortcut that I'd been using since the early 90's - this happened in 2013, btw.

he just looked at me for a bit, and then said he had to talk to his assistant manager about the whole thing, before asking me to go back to work.

later, I'm heading out at the end of the day when my boss asks me to come over to his office. he fires me for "not taking the job seriously" and "potentially causing delays to taxpayers due to inaccuracies." I actually laughed at him after he got done with his spiel.

...and that's the story of how I managed to flummox several state employees with a highly controversial use of the tab button. still blows my mind.
A few years back my sister was doing some hardware testing and validation. She was working with a bunch of excel tables. When she found out that I was doing some automatic xls creating/editing for my job she had me create a script for her job.

2-3 days of eye-killing boring work done in 20 seconds.

She kept it a secret for a while. The worst task became the best task.

She eventually shared it with the company as there were many others that did a similar job. And then she got promoted.

In conclusion her lazynes helped with her promotion
According to facebook parents: the fucker that carved a sphere out of a stone block and rolled it instead of pushing it like the other dudes...
Water is super lazy and will literally find the easiest way to go anywhere every single time
An engineer spent hours developing a program so they could start the coffee pot from their desk and not have to wait for coffee when arriving in the break room.
My ex-boss gave me an excel sheet. 124.000 rows excel sheet. Had all the company customer data per row - twice. In some of those duplicates there was an error. 
She needed me to go over the list one row by row to check for mistakes and mark all the faulty entries I could find. Through 124.000 rows. She wanted me to do that using the arrow-down key and my mouse. 

I thanked her. I sat down. Invested half an hour into Google. Copy pasted some parts of this formula, then some parts of that. Finally I had figured out the formula. 
I double clicked the tiny rectangle so that the formula gets applied on all rows. 
Worked like a charm. 

I stood up, got myself a coffee, talked to some colleagues. Then I went to my boss. 
She had anticipated that I would need 3 days for this task. When I was back less than an hour later, she thought I hadn't understood the task or maybe a follow up question. 

I will never forget the expression on her face when I told her I was done. There were 6 faulty entries. 

(A year and a half later I enrolled into computer science at university where I will finish my undergrad this summer :> )
There's a [repo on Github](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts) containing code based on scripts that were used by a tech employee that his coworkers discovered after he left the company. Here's a summary of his shenanigans:

Edit: repo code is based on the story, not actually from this person

>xxx: OK, so, our build engineer has left for another company. The dude was literally living inside the terminal. You know, that type of a guy who loves Vim, creates diagrams in Dot and writes wiki-posts in Markdown... If something - anything - requires more than 90 seconds of his time, he writes a script to automate that.  

>xxx: So we're sitting here, looking through his, uhm, "legacy"  

>xxx: You're gonna love this  

>xxx: [smack-my-bitch-up.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/smack-my-bitch-up.sh) \- sends a text message "late at work" to his wife (apparently). Automatically picks reasons from an array of strings, randomly. Runs inside a cron-job. The job fires if there are active SSH-sessions on the server after 9pm with his login.  

>xxx: [kumar-asshole.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/kumar-asshole.sh) \- scans the inbox for emails from "Kumar" (a DBA at our clients). Looks for keywords like "help", "trouble", "sorry" etc. If keywords are found - the script SSHes into the clients server and rolls back the staging database to the latest backup. Then sends a reply "no worries mate, be careful next time".  

>xxx: [hangover.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/hangover.sh) \- another cron-job that is set to specific dates. Sends automated emails like "not feeling well/gonna work from home" etc. Adds a random "reason" from another predefined array of strings. Fires if there are no interactive sessions on the server at 8:45am.  

>xxx: (and the oscar goes to) [fucking-coffee.sh](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts/blob/master/fucking-coffee.sh) \- this one waits exactly 17 seconds (!), then opens a telnet session to our coffee-machine (we had no frikin idea the coffee machine is on the network, runs linux and has a TCP socket up and running) and sends something like sys brew. Turns out this thing starts brewing a mid-sized half-caf latte and waits another 24 (!) seconds before pouring it into a cup. The timing is exactly how long it takes to walk to the machine from the dudes desk.  

>xxx: holy sh\*t I'm keeping those
I don't know if this is a true story, but kind of fits your request. 

There was a manufacturing plant that made toothpaste. One year for some reason there ended up being an unusually high number of empty boxes being shipped out. So in order to stop that from happening the head of the company hired a couple engineers to develope a system to catch any empty boxes so they didn't get shipped with the boxes that actually had the toothpaste tubes in them.

The engineers developed a system that if the box weighed below a certain amount the system would stop and a worker would have to go remove the box and start everything up again. The person in charge loved the idea and implemented it immediately. And right from the get go the number of empty boxes shipped dropped to near zero. 

The head of the company wanted to go see the system in action so he goes and visits the plant one day and notices a huge fan right by the assembly line. Very confused as it wasn't hot he asked the plant manager why the fan was there. The plant manager said the workers were tired of stopping what they were doing to remove an empty box so they just hooked up a fan to blow the empty boxes off the scale before the system recognized it was empty and shut everything off.

So laziness led to a more efficient (and cost effective) plan.


Every year in the Canadian winter, powerlines would fail due to the weight of the snow. It took many days to build up enough to break a line so they employed a team to walk the routes and shake the poles to loosen the snow.

One day they saw a bear shaking the poles and realized that if they could get the bear to do it they wouldn't need to walk the route.

So they gave one guy a bucket of honey and he'd walk the route painting the sides of the poles with honey to attract the bears. It worked for a few more years But this still takes a lot of time to do.

So then they had the idea of flying a helicopter along the route with a trained sniper with honey paintballs that he'd shoot the poles with.

On its maiden flight the helicopter passed the lines and the downdraft blew away all of the snow.

The flights continue to this day but without the sniper.

Typos and grammer fixed by u/brotherdbad
My greenhouse's watering system. 

I would spend an hour per day watering the garden. 30 hours per month.

So for $50, I setup a PVC watering system in a few hours. Now I just turn on the spigot and watch while I smoke a joint.
the guy that fixed the track link problem on russian t-34 tanks. instead of redesigning the tracks or track links he slapped some metal at the side of the tank for the links to get pushed back into place.
Programming away work *is* the real life example of this.
I worked with a guy, Ethan, who unfortunately was kind of scapegoated for the failure of a project so was let go but he was definitely capable.  A year later the company I worked for was sold off and eventually shuttered.  While looking for new work I spoke with a recruiter who had also worked with the Ethan and he mentioned how he got was trying to find him a new position too as he had a contract job to digitize and update old mechanical drawings to the companies new software.  Apparently he wrote a bunch of macros and set up a work flow and was able to complete the work within a month even though the contract was for 6 months.  The company let him go since the work was done and had no intentions of keeping him on.
My wife and I have a chore list. I now am tasked with vacuuming which she gloated about not having to do because it is so time consuming. I bought a Roomba and now the house is cleaner than ever and all I have to do is press a button on my phone.
Polymerase Chain Reaction. PCR changed bio and medical sciences more than any other breakthrough in modern times and it came about because a scientist wanted to surf more so he figured out how to do a full-time lab job in just a few hours a week. Love him.
[removed]
I mean the original quote was made by Frank B. Gilbreth after watching "lazy" brick layers move more efficiently, so...that.
In construction environments it's quite common to have a "soft" foreman/men underneath the actually person in charge. You basically find the individuals you know want to work their way up and give them components of the work and however many people they need - they'll do it because often times it means less physical work for them. You're still ultimately signing off on their work or settling debates/etc. which makes you the ultimate foreman or supervisor, but you know that you can assigned the task and they'll let you know when it's done and everyone is keeping the schedule in mind.
I used to work in IT doing tech support for the employees. We didn't have a process for keeping track of what programs and hardware each employee PC used. 

So if someone had to replace a PC you had to remote into their old one to get their programs, shared folders, and hardware. If their old PC died you had to hope they knew what they needed.

I made an easy single page sheet to track the user, the PC specs, programs, and hardware they use. Now you just need to copy what is on the sheet when setting up a new computer
Programming. A lazy programmer will think all the possible ways of doing a single simple task
I remember reading about a Texas airport that had a high rate of complaints from people who had to wait a long time for their luggage at baggage claim. The solution: Assign a further away Baggage claim for the same flights. People walked longer, but complaints went way down since they didn't have to wait as long.
I asked my husband to take out roughly a dumpsters worth of trash. He spent about an hour building a sled out of the trash, and took it out in one go.

Laziest man I've ever met
I created mainframe automation so that if there was a problem, I would get paged in my boss’s office where I played DOOM for hours on end. Oh and browsed newsgroups. Yes, I’m old.
IT department.

Sure I could do that thing, or I could write a script and get it automated.
I worked in a library scanning incoming books into the system. This required a lot of transferring of piles of books from one station to another. My work mate constantly called me lazy because I would not get out of my chair while doing this job. I don't know how many times I had to explain (a) that's what wheely chairs are for, and (b) I was at least three times as fast as her at the same job and this was in part because of the efficiency of not getting up out of my chair every two minutes.
I am presently printing and wiring a safety switch that will disable my lathe when the chuck key is removed. It is a rule that the chuck key will never be in the chuck whilst any other activity is occurring other than tightening the chuck. Whilst I have never yet forgotten to remove the key, I decided that to ensure it is never left in the chuck, the machine will never start with the key removed from the switch.
Back in my IT consulting days working at an MSP, we had a client with about 180 users who needed new PC's prepped and ready to go for a round of new hires when they were expanding their workforce.  They were adding 40 employees and thus needed 40 workstations prepped. I was assigned the ticket and my boss quoted them 80 hours of work (2h per PC).

The standard procedure my boss had set up back then was a 3 page checklist to run through for each PC, what software was needed for which group, reminders for installing update s since Dell workstations out of the box aren't always current with updates, and more. Basically it was a terribly long, arduous, manual approach to windows deployment. 

So instead of  following the standard procedure, I decided I was going to automate it all. The first 2 days unboxed 1 PC, prepped it with all the basic items needed for all workstations and then cloned it to another PC. Day 3 I built off of the first image i created which had some more specialized software for a specific subgroup of these new hires. Once that was complete, I was ready to deploy. 

I configured the 'WDS' (Windows deployment server) role and had everything ready to go. I brought in a 24 port switch, hooked all PC's up for 2 rounds of 20 deployments, and on day 4, by lunch, I had all workstations complete. All the while my bosses kept checking in to see what was up and why I only had 2 PCs prepped as of the end of day 3. After lunch on day 4, I called to check in and informed them the job was complete. Their response was  to have me just hang out at the clients office for the next week or so which gave me a decent amount of downtime back then to work on things I wanted to.
Did you really say that, /u/thisisbillgates?
Me. I am a real life example of this. 
"Wow you do amazing work you must work so hard!"
Fuck no! Step 1 of any new job/task is work flow efficiency. 
But I let them continue to think I'm busting my ass while I surf reddit.
Mail delivery. You know it was a lazy fucker who came up with the idea to have localized mail boxes in each neighborhood instead of individual boxes on each home.
Anyone mention the dude who turned a ship's course because the sun was in his eyes?
My friend applied for a job at company that works on autonomously driving systems for cars. During the interview he was asked whether likes cars. His answer was that he absolutely hates to drive. He got the job.
Me, one time I asked my boss "seriously, why do you always toss me the difficult tasks?" and he replied "because I know you'll get it done quick so you can get your ass back on reddit"
When Peter the Great was building St Petersburg there was a huge boulder needed removing as it was in the way of a road.  Lots of contractors tendered for the job. The would use explosives to start, smash it into smaller pieces using sledgehammers and then cart them away.
A local peasant also put in an offer for half the price.
They gave him the job. He and a few friends dug a large hole next to it, took away the excess earth, tipped the boulder in and covered it up with the remaining earth.
I used to animate graphics for those LED signs at certain popular fast food chains. There would sometimes be a library of 80-120 6 second videos that need resized or scaled down. 

I figured out how to make a system macro that memorize some of my mouse clicks and keyboard strokes and it automated a previously 4 hour task into something I could hit one button and start sketching out ideas for other projects.
Before it was shut down entirely, I was able to privately tour the coal power plant in Southeastern Virginia. At one point in the tour, the guide told me to watch out for a cord on the floor. The cord ran to a small, window air-conditioning unit that was duct-taped to a vent. Supposedly, one day the plant began to overheat, and the plant would have to be shut down in order to repair the malfunction. There are emergency reserves for situations like this, but the plant was overheating faster than they could switch it over. Someone at the plant had just purchased the ac unit, and had it in the back of their vehicle. The ran and grabbed it, plugged it in, and pointed it into one of the vents. The amount of cool air it produced was enough to not only offset the overheating, but to also re-regulate the system, so instead of repairing the issue, they just fixed the the ac in place, and let it run continuously until the day the plant shut down.
At my last job, a truck suspension shop, we did inventory every December and it was someone's job to count all the washers and screws of every size.

It was my first inventory and I casually mentioned that they should just weigh 10 screws or washers, then weigh them all and divide the weight to get the count. Everyone looked at me like I had given them the key to the universe.

Counting washers and screws went from a day or two, to just a an hour.
IT is the king of this.  We have set up scripts to do tons of tasks for reporting and data manipulation automatically.  We have been using one macro program for years that works flawless most of the time.  It can recognize windows and screens and you can tell it to do about anything.  Its called Macro Express.  Way back in the days when Farmville was big on facebook, you had to harvest these fields, and if you found a pineapple field, you could make bank. It was a grid of squares and you had to click each square to harvest it, and sometimes other players would jump in and start harvesting too.  I wrote a macro on a hot key that when i found a full field to harvest, it would take the mouse cursor, move and click every single square in the grid, so once it was claimed, no one else could harvest it.  It would click the entire grid in about 5 seconds, where if you were doing it manually, it would take you about 30 seconds.  I've also used it for voting websites before they implemented measures to only allow one vote per IP address.  You can do all sorts of things if you want to put in the time to perfect your script.
Basically every invention in the last 100 years is an example of how to accomplish a task with much less effort. The automobile being the first one that comes to mind.
I personally use the "talk-to-text" feature on my phone to get it to write essays for me... I just talk about what I want it to write and then tweak the grammar errors later. Work smarter, not harder😊
I use to work at car dealership parts department and most repetitively strokes for the same product like oil changes and such. Made a keystroke shortcut. 

Now as a forklift driver at a Costco I try to make sure there is something alwys on my forks going in or out of aisle. 
Unlike other drivers they don’t. That common sense though.
Im glad people like me have value in this world, i would have never known otherwise
A computer algorithm arranged my work driving route. It looked at physical location on a grid without considering roads, rivers, etc. Just direct distance. It was godawful, lots of unnecessary cul-de-sacing, stuck on one-way trips with a ton of deadhead travel back, etc. There was no rhyme or reason, a giant looping circuitous mess that drove past stops, returning to them later, and doubling back everywhere.

I spent the first weekend redoing it by hand, specifically to make it as efficient as possible so I can relax between stops to talk to clients casually or just sit in parking lots and do fuck all. Before the pandemic added a bunch of new stops, I would take all the time I needed, a long lunch break, and still always made it to drop off ahead of schedule.

I'm exceptionally lazy. Past me did an hour of work on Google maps to save me hours and hours over the last two years.
SPL in Scouts, doing a trail clean up. Quite a large amount of larger limbs, thinner trunks. Like eye aspens or w/e they’re called. 

We had a big boi, even for a teen, talking over 6ft and over 200 at the least. He was the type to only carry one thing but use two hands because he was self pronounced as lazy..

Put him on the assignment of limb and trunk removal. He used a timber hitch, and would clear the trail 3-4 limbs or trunks at a time. He loved it because he “just had to tie a knot and walk...” and freed up like 3 more scouts for other work

We made great pace.
In my teens I started working at a local grocery store and was hired in the Deli/Bakery Dept. Every morning 1 person made salads, 2 people brewed the fresh gallon sweet tea and 2 people created/prepped the deli counter ready-to-go meals. One week we had a bad flu case hit us and we were severely short on staff. 

I grabbed a grocery cart and started brewing tea. While it brewed I made the salads. Instead of taking each gallon tea to the other side of the store 1 at a time I would place them in the grocery cart and continue brewing and stacking till the cart was full (Because fuck walking back and forth). Usually by the time it was full I was finished with all morning prep and was able to help the cook make breakfast and prep for lunch. The manager saw this and turned it into my full job in the morning. Unfortunately for my co-workers most were then 'let go'. I only knew of 1 who was lucky enough to be moved to another job in the store. I ended up leaving shortly after due to the backlash.

TLDR; I did the job equivalent of 5 people by being able to multi-task with only a shopping cart and accidentally ruining others jobs.
When I was about 7-10 years old my dad used to pay me to ‘self sit.’ Basically instead of having to get a baby sitter on short notice and then pay them like $100, he told me that I would get $30 if I stayed in my room and didn’t speak to my older sister for 3 hours. He then told my sister that she was the “baby sitter” and she would get $30 if nothing bad happened
  In 1927 my grandfather started his new job at Dupont on a Friday.  His first assignment was to separate out a chemical that was suspended in another chemical.  He was handed a beaker of the stuff to work on.  Since it was late on a Friday afternoon, he did nothing with it, just stuck it on a shelf and went home.
  He came back Monday morning to discover that the chemical had precipitated out and was sitting on the bottom of the beaker.  He showed this to his new boss, who decided my grandfather was a genius.  This process (doing nothing to the suspension) became the first of my grandfather's 47 patents.
My girlfriend will kill me for this but fuck it.  I hate taking a finished toilet paper roll downstairs to throw it out.  Me just leaving the empty roll in the bathroom annoys the crap out of my girlfriend so I developed this strategy when there was only a few sheets left, I'd start using sheets from a new roll and leave the old roll with sheets still on it.  That way, she'd always be the one to finish the roll and have to take the empty one downstairs.

Edit: For people asking why I don't just use the bathroom rubbish bin, we recycle our cardboard.
I work at a company which, despite having a 100+ employees, doesn't seem to have 1 that knows more then basics when it comes to computers.   
Due to the pandemic we've all taken up some chores to clock some hours. They've got me "re-typing" pdf read only files to a new word file. Thus far they havent figured out you can just export a pdf file to .doc in acrobat. But my schedule is now 1/3 cleared to do "typing" work.
Pushing a button on your controller to turn on your console.
[removed]
Not entirely what you're looking for, but there was a guy who outsourced his entire job to China. He showed up to work and had a very tight schedule of reddit, facebook, and ebay: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/01/16/169528579/outsourced-employee-sends-own-job-to-china-surfs-web
The way Linux went about protecting accounts from brute force guessing passwords. Since those attacks rely on trying a gazillion passwords, they just added a delay between each try. Effectively limiting the number of differents passwords you can try in a reasonable time frame.

Since then it's the de facto way of going about it.
Years ago while working at my uncle's warehouse there was a monthly shipment of double doors with the frame built in. These doors were so heavy that it was a five to six man job to get them off the truck and walking them though a narrow enough hallway; this process could kill 2 hours of sales because the place had a crew of ten men and with 6 being needed it was known to avoid shopping there on those days. 

Have no idea how long they did this but on the second shipment when I started; I got one of those rolling boards that mechanics use to go under cars and told the guys to place it on top. 

I turned a 6 man job with 2 hours to a 2 man job that took 30 mins.
What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves?

And crop circles are just teenager aliens doing graffitti.
That’s the premise of hitchhikers guide to the galaxy except for the waiting for us to figure it out part
I mean we could always just be cosmic ants.

How often do you go out to your garden and try to communicate with the bugs?
So...the prime directive?
What if aliens showed up here millions of years ago, saw a planet inhabited buy enormous lizard monsters and said fuck that, dont come back to this place.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoo_hypothesis
They probably treat us like animals on National Geographic.
What if the people that were abducted by aliens were actually abducted by some alien TV host equivalent of the Crocodile Hunter, where he abducts a human and shows it off? "crikey what a interesting little fella this is?"
That's actually one of many theories about SETI and alien life. That they're so far ahead of us on the Kardashev scale that for them to try to communicate with us would be like us trying to communicate with ants. Or amoebas.
[deleted]
Those aliens probably watch us on TV while laughing at us: How can someone or something be that stupid.
I believe South Park tackled this thought in the episode "Canceled"
This is a very common and well known theory.  Its also called 'The Prime Directive' in the Star Trek universe.
Alien fanatics would be showing up once a week to tell us about space Jesus.
Maybe there’s an intergalactic agreement not to contact any life forms until they develop interstellar travel.
what if we're actually a part of a very huge being, and to that HUGE BEING, it's like when we look at our own cells through a microscope.  and that's just ONE BEING.  there could be millions of HUGE BEINGS.
[deleted]
We are probably more like the Sentinelese from the North Sentinel Island, part of the Andaman Island archipelago in Indian Ocean. They are widely considered as one of the most aggressive uncontacted tribe, very much hostile towards outsiders (though some would disagree).

The Indian government declared the remote island officially off limits.
What if those aliens are looking at this post and giggling like "they'll never know how right they are!"
We irradiated our own planet *on purpose*.  We're fucking nuts, man.
Everyone assumes that there are these superior entities that can conduct out of this world actions. 

But if you see the evolution of life on this earth, over 3 billion years of trial and error until a species with the capacity to be self aware about the universe starts to rise to dominance in the last 200,000 years. Only 10,000 since we’ve been having the amount of exponential progress we see today. 

For all we know, life out there could just be reptile-like creatures with no need to be highly intelligent to survive. Perhaps we’re the beginning of the alien species. If we ever colonize the universe, humans will evolve differently from one another in a series of rapid, radiative ways. Perhaps we’re the ancestors of all intelligent life in our local galaxy
More like "They're Made Out Of Meat"

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/They're_Made_Out_of_Meat
If that's true we probably killed some of them at one point. Most uncontacted tribes have also killed some of the past people who tried to contact them.
Theyre gonna be waiting a long time
That’s already a theory.

Edit: because I’m getting messages and comments about this, I wasn’t trying to belittle the guy or say this in a manner that implies I didn’t want him to post this here. I just thought that maybe he didn’t know this concept already existed as I’ve done this with other ideas and would like to know.
Depends. If there was an advanced society (or many) and they had a 'hands off' policy with Earth, likely the only way they'd actually be able to enforce it would be if their governing bodies had total control over their spaceflight operations. Which is conceivable, to a point, but as soon as you introduce the possibility of private ownership of spacecraft (manned or otherwise) and operations, it truly only takes that one dude looking for Space Reddit Karma to fuck it all up.
I like to think there’s the alien equivalent of David Attenborough who does the same thing to us as we do to other animals
Whelp, you have it at least half figured out. Truth is, we have been receiving all of those old video transmission, I am told they are called "Movies" wherein your people tend to dissect and kill all aliens that land on your planet. When we...er.. they start seeing you greet visitors with respect, maybe something interesting will happen.
What if we are first?
What if we’re more like an ant hill in the middle of the Amazon? 

Or even worse, like a bacterium on earth. There are 5x10^30 bacteria.
Most of those tribes remain uncontacted mostly because of concerns regarding introducing new diseases to them and because of the lack of the means for proper communication. I doubt these kind of issues would exist when it would come to aliens.
The Culture series covers this.
Then we probably will be contacted first by the extremist aliens who will give us the hard sell that their belief system is the best and that all we believe is a lie. And we will do something violent in response. Etc, etc. 

Eventually we all end up enslaved or die of an illness our immune systems cannot handle.
Iain M. Banks referred to this as the "Outside Context Problem."

You're an island civilization that's lived on that island alone for thousands of years, and your tiny achievements seem like monumental history. You've sent out canoes a few days' sailing to see if there are other islands, but they found nothing, so the priesthood concluded the island is The World and your 15,000 people are humankind.

Then a boat 10 times taller than your tallest building crests the horizon, people in shiny metal armor hop on to your shores, and suddenly everything means nothing.
I feel like they would tho, as we have tried so many attempts to reach out to them.
You really think the entire galaxy could all unanimously agree to something? To anything? Doubtful ...
Space is practically infinite, light is a hard limit, and even if you find ways to get out there at a comfortable speed, spacefaring cultures will spark, bloom, ebb, and die in the time you travel an infinitesimally small fraction of the distance from us (or our sci-fi lightspeed limit avoiding exit) to them and we'll/they'll never cross paths.  
  
Individual ants placed at random points in the Sahara. What are the odds they will meet before they die?
This might possibly be the most preferable version of the Fermi Paradox
[deleted]
Read the Three Body Problem trilogy, then be glad they haven't contacted us yet.

TLDR: Anyone out there capable of understanding that we're here ought to be smart enough to know that we're also potentially dangerous to them, so they're better off killing us rather than contacting us. And, vice versa, except no we're humans so let's just tell everyone HEY GUYS HERE WE ARE.
There is the former leader of Israel’s space program who said that. He also said that the US and Israel have a base with aliens on mars and they said we are not aloud to know yet.
I think we're more like the folk out on the Sentinel Islands.  They know we're here, but every time someone tries to talk to us we take potshots at them.  So the whole planet is officially off limits.
One of the greatest flukes in evolution is when one cell ate another cell but didnt digest it. This allowed the one inside to focus entirely on creating energy allowing the main cell to focus on other things. This gave life the ability to to form multi cellular organisms inevitabily creating complex fauna. So it's also a belief that even if there are countless planets teaming with life right here in our own galaxy, none of them have 'advanced' to complex organisms.
They’d be smart not to contact us. We ruin everything we touch.

Edit: guess I need to clarify the two statements I made are opinion.
Unlikely since the galactic US-equivalent hasn't tried to invade us and give us "democracy" yet.
Well yeah this was already discovered don’t you remember? We were banned from the federation of planets because we tried to kill Babyfarts Mcgeezac and hid all of the stolen space cash from the space cops, so now we’re barred from any future alien contact
“Hah! Look at those idiots in the Milky Way.”(Eats child and shoots galactic space monsters with penis while making a drywall sandwich)
