Help us fight for net neutrality!
The ability to browse the internet is at risk. The FCC preparing to remove net neutrality. This will allow internet service providers to change how they allow access to websites. AskScience and every other site on the internet is put in risk if net neutrality is removed. Help us fight!


https://www.battleforthenet.com/
We can already see the effects of restricted content on academia through the paywalled publishing practices of most journals. The high cost of institutional licenses or large-scale purchasing of individual articles can be an overwhelming expense for new companies or smaller universities. Science relies upon the free flow of information and knowledge between persons and institutions around the world. Ending net neutrality puts that at risk.
It's time to stand up (litterally) against this. They can ignore our emails, but they can't ignore a crowd at their front door. 

Come join us at /r/DC_FCC_Protest/ and take part in the protest the day before the vote. 
Not sure if this is the right place to ask but here goes.

I'm not American, but how would this impact an internet user of another country?

I know there are localized version of some of the major websites (Google, Amazon, etc), but if there isn't really one for smaller ones, would they be impacted but reversing net neutrality if browsing from outside of the USA?

More generically, how would someone outside the USA be impacted if net neutrality gets killed?

EDIT: [TL;DR Answer](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/7etmk7/help_us_fight_for_net_neutrality/dq7lbky/)
To be proactive in case we lose the fight, what are the technical limitations of starting my own ISP using WISP technologies (or any other technology for that matter) and expanding from there? 

Basically, how far does ISPs control of the internet reach? Infrastructure wise, where do they fall? If I start a service and then need to gain access to the rest of the internet, how would I go about that, or do they own that too, and we are totally screwed? Can they throttle/shape/block any content from any other provider that passes through their Tier 1 network?
What would it be like if Verizon partnered up with Pizza Hut and then limited calls to other pizza places unless you paid them a premium? What if you had to listen to an advertisement before making a phone call? What if you had to pay extra to talk to people on other phone networks or landlines?

These are just a few ways you can try to relate Net Neutrality to people who don't understand why it needs to be protected.
If one ISP decides not to throttle content surely they will profit greatly because everyone will use them? Or am I missing something here?
Along with contacting your representatives don’t forget to sign the White House petition. If it gets 100,000 signatures in 30 days the White House has to give an official update in 60 days. It’s one more way to get our voice heard. Obviously 60 days will be after the vote in a couple weeks but it doesn’t take long to sign it and if we get millions of signatures it will be hard to ignore. 

 https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality


I tried calling but his mailbox was full. I'm extremely proud of you reddit,I cant believe this many people are telling the FCC Chairman this.
What rights do the public have in demanding a new FCC Chairman? I think it's pretty clear he breaks one of the main rules of leadership; "Only three commissioners may be members of the same political party, and **none can have a financial interest in any commission-related business.**"
http://www.connectwithglobal.com/leadership.html
I've been explaining it like this: So you pay a fee based on usage for your power right? Well what if the power company owned a lightbulb company. What if they told you if you didn't use their brand lightbulbs they were going to charge you another dollar a month for every light bulb that you had in the house that wasn't their brand. You are using the same amount of power right? Is that fair to you as the consumer? 
Let's say the FCC wins and screws us all...

What if we all funded a private network that we all used as the new internet with a terms of service that cannot change, but enforces net neutrality?  Let's say 10 million people shell out $100.  I'd expect that we can fund something. In the US as a first step.
Please remember that AskScience is strictly moderated. Personal attacks, posting of personal information and other behavior that violates the rules can result in a ban.
I have a question I'd like clarified and I think AskScience might just be the perfect place so I'll use the opportunity to ask:

While I strongly support net neutrality, there's something that doesn't sit right with me... the FCC is looking to cancel the 2015 Net Neutrality law which was enacted by Obama. I keep hearing all these horrendous Doomsday scenarios about what's going to happen if Net Neutrality is rolled back, but.. wouldn't the practical and only real imminent effect of repealing Net Neutrality is that the laws pertaining to net neutrality and the way the web and ISPs operate in the U.S. would simply go back to how it was in 2014? (and I don't remember any apocalypse happening in 2014 or the years before it as it is being described all over the web in regard to Net Neutrality being repealed) Hopefully someone can clarify, and tell me if I missed something here.
Just need to hijack the top comment real quick to say that currently almost every political figure who is involved in this has their call lines clogged or their digital mailboxes overflowing. Keep up the good work everyone. If you're not sure how to help I'll just leave this here http://act.freepress.net/sign/internet_NN_pai/?source=conf&aktmid=tm885190.6vwojS&akid=a47477628.11119105.M1RhhT&t=1
Guys, would crowd-funded vpn service as workaround would work?

I would be willing to help, we in Europe will get smacked with this shite sooner or later, but until then we could try to establish secure vpn service to avoid you geting wallet-raped by ISP's.

By the holy ancient 5mbit router, if we could crowdfund our own sattelites or high altitude ballon relay systems we just might kickstart some kind of internet revolution.
Unrealistic, ofc, no need to smear it in my face.

I guess most people are not really concerned, up until that one single damned moment when they will be asked to pay up fo their streaming service, messaging platform access and all the other brain wrenching shite that they will come up with.

One thing I don't quite understand is, as some pro-roll back-net neutrality article has pointed out, actually the whole "net neutrality" concept was brought up in 2014. The article would argue that before net neutrality was put in place, we already have great companies such as Reddit, Netflix, Amazon etc, so remove net neutrality now won't impact the users.

So can someone explain why we don't have such outcry before 2014, when net neutrality rules have not been implemented yet?
Considering that Pai has said that they are [ignoring](https://www.theverge.com/2017/11/22/16689838/fcc-net-neutrality-comments-were-largely-ignored) all comments that are "opinions", I fail to see how we can sway any of them unless we all take crash courses in regulatory law.  But the one thing that we all CAN do that might make an impact is to call your senator and congressman and then MAKE SURE TO VOTE!
I'm in full support of net neutrality, but can I play devil's advocate for just a second?

What if we're looking at this wrong... Yes, ISPs will be allowed to charge content providers more for fast lanes.  Yes, they will be allowed to charge customers more for access to heavily trafficked sites or face speed caps.

But, what if all of that can be used as a sales tactic for smaller ISPs to ramp up their subscriptions to combat large ISPs?  Smaller ISPs can turn around and sell their service as not having throttling at a similar price point or less than Big Cable? 

Similar to a T-Mobile effect.  They were a small company trying to fight VZW, Sprint, ATT and the likes by offering unlimited everything before it was the cool thing to do.  Now look at them.  They've become one of the top players in the market and have the financial means to continue improving their system.  Ultimately leading us to getting the same, if not more, for potentially less. 

That scenario also then could force Large ISPs hands to cave and limit or remove throttling.

Just a thought. 

Again, I do not want to see net neutrality end and am fearful about what the internet will look like in the coming months and years. I just wanted to try to take a different look at it.
For those wondering how your ISP can block and filter your internet, /u/mfukar [wrote a great answer there.](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/7eqfe4/how_does_restricting_internet_work/dq78fmw/)
I don't think the FCC affects us Canadians, but is there anything we can do to help you out?
Everyone has to do something. If you think "other people will do it" then there is one less signature on a petition, one less phone call, and less resistance to stop the ban on net neutrality. We all need to pitch in to save the internet.
I guess we weren't able to browse the internet before 2015? Huh.
What does this have to do with science? 
I called my representatives today. The Democratic senator was the only representative who had someone answering phone calls. The Republican senator of our state had an answering machine. The elected  house representative for my district had a mailbox that was full and no one taking calls.
#The internet didn't have this regulation before 2015.  

#Title 2 does not protect against: Data caps, usage fees,or traffic prioritization.

#Time Warner, Verizon, Comcast, and ATT are the ones writing the net neutrality laws

https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/12/15959932/comcast-verizon-att-net-neutrality-day-of-action

**Google/Apple want it too**

>https://www.google.com/takeaction/action/freeandopen/index.html

>https://www.wired.com/story/apples-real-reason-for-finally-joining-the-net-neutrality-fight/

**More on the topic and why you're literally helping the wolf eat the sheep:**

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/innovations/wp/2016/07/07/why-treating-the-internet-as-a-public-utility-is-bad-for-consumers/?utm_term=.8f4ecf9f8713#_blank

>http://www.nationalreview.com/article/447354/fcc-net-neutrality-internet-freedom-best-protected-without-government-regulation

>https://fee.org/articles/net-neutrality-is-about-government-control-of-the-internet/

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/14/this-is-why-the-government-should-never-control-the-internet/

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-net-neutrality-advocates-would-let-trump-control-the-internet/2017/07/19/52998b58-6bc2-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html


#This is you versus corporations NET NEUTRALITY IS A SHAM, CORPORATE OLIGARCHS WANT IT

Further reading and links to nefarious persons.  This is not about freedom it's about **GOVERNMENT CONTROL OF THE INTERNET**

*READ* https://fee.org/articles/net-neutrality-is-about-government-control-of-the-internet/

>the George Soros-funded net neutrality group Free Press was mentioned 46 times – it's almost as if Free Press had written the regulations for the FCC. The OIO sees the Internet as something that should be nationalized by the government to be run like a public utility.


Here is another way to get the message across. The three (out of five) FCC Commissioners planning to vote *against* Net Neutrality are Ajit Pai, Michael O'Rielly, and Brendan Carr. Here are the links to directly email them:

* [Ajit Pai](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/ajit-pai?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

* [Michael O'Rielly](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/mike-orielly?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

* [Brendan Carr](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/brendan-carr?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

This is an easy way to directly get in touch with those who will be casting the votes. Here's a message that will drive the point across. Feel free to edit or to send a completely different one:

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet. Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."
Make sure to inform others as well. My immediate family had no idea this was going on. This isn't a partisan issue so let your Republican friends know that if they want to see Breitbart and Fox they could have to start paying extra. 
I have a few questions to better understand this issue. 

1) Why is an ISP packaging things different from a cable network packaging certain channels?

2) Why is this different from food?  The better healthier food is more expensive so why isn’t the government regulating that if the food is good for us?

3) Does this make parts of the internet unavailable or just slower?
Say we lose this fight as it seems unlikely the republicans on the committee will change their vote, once there is a new administration is it possible to have net neutrality restored as easily as it is being taken away?
here is a link to The White House to sign a petition showing your support for Net Neutrality. It also has a lot of other great issues where your voices can be heard! I sent mine out to many petitions https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality Also a petition to get Ajai Pai to resign from the FCC 
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/replace-ajit-pai-fcc-restore-net-neutrality-make-last-mile-networking-public-utility-and-stop-corporate-abuse-0
Is this in the US only? Or is this a global thing.

I only ask because i know US already have problems like this when it comes to the monopoly of internet providers like Comcast etc, so im just wondering if this only will change things in the US.
What can people who don't live in the states/ arn't American so to help?
So I was reading that there are protests scheduled at Verizon stores across the US on Dec 7th...Which is great! 
However I wish these types of protests would be scheduled on Saturdays or Sundays as a lot of people may not be able to take time off work to go protest in the middle of the afternoon on a Thursday.
[removed]
Yes, nevermind the fact we have "Net Neutrality" currently and T-Mobile is violating it with free Netflix, and AT&T with free HBO streaming.
These are the two petitions you can sign, ones for people not in the US, the other is for the people in the US. Sign and share, make sure to confirm your email for it to count, it may take some time for the confirmation email to send but keep checking, we need to win this fight!

Outside the US: https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home

US: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

There’s 86,000 out of 100,000 needed. It started just today. Everyone please sign and share with everyone!
[removed]
Serious question: what is net neutrality? Why should I care and how does it affect me? 
I have a question. Being British does this affect me? If net neutrality is lost will the UK be more likely to adapt this too? 
I'm hosting a peaceful protest in my area to help inform others about what is going on with net neutrality. We need more people to start protests at there local Verizon stores to spread the message and let Congress know that we need to keep net neutrality. Use your first amendment right and do something about this, we can't let our government control our free internet.
[removed]
We should file a bunch of lawsuits against the FCC if net neutrality goes away and force them to bring it back. I’m sure we would be able to find a bunch of reasons for the lawsuits. Plus, we could all leave the main networks against net neutrality so they lose profit  and will eventually be bankrupt or forced to allow net neutrality because of all that lost revenue.
I cannot reach to my representative. Call goes into voice msg and msg box is full :(
Super curious from an uneducated standpoint, couldn't some ISPs set themselves apart by charging no fees to browse/call/etc.?

If this does pass (which I'm not in favor of), does it at least present some unique opportunities for ***some*** ISPs to do the right thing in exchange for more business?

Just curious :) here's hoping it format come to that 
This is the website to file a public complaint with the FCC:

https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/browse-popular-proceedings

currently only 55000, should definitely be more.

Restoring Internet Freedom is the act that is supposed to remove net neutrality. its currently the top commented one but should have thousands more.


I just called the office of my representative in TN and it says his message box is full and will not be accepting new messages. Wtf man
Net Neutrality has only existed for a few years.  Why didn't we see all the things that people are warning us about before Net Neutrality existed?
I'm actually totally fine with the rules changing, but why should they be changed? Has any ISP said what their plans are?
Honestly I think the way to stop it this time is to spread awareness. Too little people know about this. We have to make the newspapers and media make headlines on net neutrality. Have it front page. It’s the only way to stop it.
Too little people know or don’t care about it, or believe the lies by the fcc since that’s their only source. We have to make this mainstream. Show them the truth.
I’m trying to spread this. Tell me if I should change my message
[removed]
I get this is bad, and have not yet heard any positive cases, but doesn't cable already do this? Should we be hollering about cable too for ESPN or HBO about these? Also, if I'm using a shitton of internet, shouldn't I pay more if it makes my area difficult to get internet? Or does it not work that way? 
I called all my congressmen about this. I hope they take action, one of my congressmen is for repealing NN, I really want to talk to him & hear his voice so he can vote "NO"
I am an international grad student studying here in USA. I am not a citizen. Is there any way that I can contribute to this cause of saving Net Neutrality? It seems to me that this will directly affect me as I use internet in home and I would like to contribute in any way possible. But I am not sure whether I am allowed to protest/sign petition as I am not an American citizen.
One more question: If NN gets repealed, then I understand that in USA, ISPs will be able to charge websites for higher speed of access and that will eventually lead to demise of small websites who cannot afford that money. Will this affect internet usage in other countries? If so, how?
The USA is so backward and yet so progressive. Anti abortion and net neutrality  and then there's the whole legalization of marijuana which is super liberal. and of course I can not not mention Trump. 

as a non American it makes me feel better about the shit happening in my country.
What else can I do to fight for net neutrality?
Hi—American here!

**You can help, even if you don’t live in the US.**

It’s a lot to ask, but even a small donation to causes/tools such as resistbot.io can make a huge difference. 

One thing a lot of people don’t realize is how much this could impact other counties. This sets a dangerous precedent.

One easy way to help us out is just simply sharing this all around. Make everyone informed. If the entire *WORLD* hates this, it will be an even stronger case. This also helps keep other counties from falling victim to the same issues.

Americans aren’t informed enough to prevent it easily here, however, people around the world can attempt to educate others on the situation. The more that know, the better.

Awareness protects other counties and gives the US chance. Donations give the US even more of a chance and spread even more awareness.

I encourage anyone to just mention this, to atleast a few who don’t know about it. It might just be the change we globally need to prevent it from happening anywhere else.
My Congressman's mailbox is full.
NET NEUTRALITY

https://resistbot.io/

Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all.

https://www.battleforthenet.com/

That link is to call. 
You can use that long text I sent as a response for the resist bot and when you call 
Who is actually against net neutrality? I haven’t seen someone who opposes the concept of it yet. 
Stephen Hawking megathread
We were sad to learn that noted physicist, cosmologist, and author [Stephen Hawking](http://www.hawking.org.uk/) has passed away. In the spirit of AskScience, we will try to answer questions about Stephen Hawking's work and life, so feel free to ask your questions below.

Links:

* [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-43396008)
* [NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/14/obituaries/stephen-hawking-dead.html)
* [Stephen Hawking Foundation](http://www.stephenhawkingfoundation.org/)
* [ALS Association](http://www.alsa.org/)
* [Current Einstein megathread](/r/askscience/comments/84auuc/einstein_birthday_megathread/) for more discussion on general relativity/cosmology.

EDIT: Physical Review Journals has made all 55 publications of his in two of their journals free. You can take a look and read them [here](https://journals.aps.org/collections/stephen-hawking).
Do we know what helped Hawking survive the disease for so long? As far as I know, he was given no more than 2-3 years to live when he was first diagnosed.

Is there anything we have learned from his case that could eventually lead to a cure?

&nbsp;

(Rest in peace. A Brief History of Time was the book that first sparked my interest in astronomy and physics.)
He just left for a party back in 2009 he will be back later.... 
He reached a status where you'd think he would never die
What are some of Hawkins lesser known accomplishments in the science field.
As someone without much knowledge in physics, how does Hawking stack up against some of the great famous physicists of all time?  
What one thing should we remember him for in your opinion?
Born on the anniversary of Galileo's death.
Died on the anniversary of Einstein's birth.

There's something poetic about that. 
How active was Hawking in recent months (or years)? What was he most excited about or interested in these days?
Are there an good documentaries out about Hawking's work? In the last decade was he still performing research or was he serving physics in a more ambassadorial role?
I was reading about Stephen Hawking last night, and felt inspired to go back to Univeristy. Reading this news has now confirmed this for me. 

Thank you for contributions, may you rest in peace.
Did Hawking have any major unfinished works at the time of his death, or had he already published most of the works relating to his primary fields of research?
Would anyone care to give a brief run down of the significance of Hawking’s major contributions to physics and cosmology? What do we know now about the nature of the universe that was directly demonstrated by his work?  

I read a comment saying that the world is a darker place for losing Hawking today. 

I say the world is a brighter place for Hawking choosing to be a part of it. 

He could have checked-out long ago. Instead he fought his disease as best as he could, and probably lived a good thirty years longer than anyone might have guessed he would.

So mourn his passing if you must. But if he meant something to you, become a beacon in the darkness---just as he was to so many who might have looked up at the night sky and wondered.

The world can be made better by ordinary deeds by ordinary people. This, I'm sure, is something Hawking would have agreed with.


“Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet” - will do professor 👍🏻✨🔭 
What's some quotes from Hawking that really made you think? 
  -  Stephen Hawking’s 3 favorite songs.


“[Symphony Of Psalms](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=DqWZGUO_eoc) was in fact the first piece of music Professor Hawking ever purchased. “I first became aware of classical music when I was 15,” he said. “LPs had recently appeared in Britain. I ripped out the mechanism of our old wind-up gramophone and put in a turntable and a three-valve amplifier. I made a speaker cabinet from an old book case, with a sheet of chip-board on the front. The whole system looked pretty crude, but it didn’t sound too bad. At the time LPs were very expensive so I couldn’t afford any of them on a schoolboy budget. But I bought Stravinsky’s Symphony Of Psalms because it was on sale as a 10” LP, which were being phased out. The record was rather scratched, but I fell in love with the third movement, which makes up more than half the symphony.”


[Wieniawski’s Violin Concerto No. 1](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aNOdaBJbT8A)Professor Hawking was actually inspired to buy a collection of Wieniawski’s music after hearing his second concerto on Radio 3 in the 1990s, but prefers the first in particular for its “haunting phrase in the first movement”.


[Francis Poulenc’s Gloria](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ReqsEqKtyyA) is the final piece in Professor Hawking’s musical trilogy. Part of the work caused a “scandal” – in the French composer’s own words – when it was first performed in 1959 because of its unusual mixture of light-heartedness and spirituality. Poulenc later explained that he had been thinking of frescoes in which angels stick out their tongues and “serious Benedictines whom I saw playing soccer one day” when he wrote it.
Professor Hawking first heard the Poulenc Gloria in Aspen, Colorado, during the resort’s 1995 music festival. “You can sit in your office in the physics centre there and hear the music without ever buying a ticket,” he said. “But on this occasion I was actually in the tent to hear the Gloria. It is one of a small number of works I consider great music.”

He died on the Pi day. Rest in peace you amazing being
I read "A Brief History of Time", and 90% of it was stratospherically over my head...

But the 10% that took was hugely enlightening. An icon and visionary has merged with the infinite, and I'm grateful for my brief contact with him, no matter how removed.

On behalf of the human race, thank you Mr. Stephen Hawking
Crazy, today 14th of March, Pi day, Stephen Hawking died, also it's Albert Einsteins birthday. Both died at the age of 76.
Do we know what his last words were?

I know he couldn't talk and stuff, but did he slowly due to the point where he could no longer control the machine that interpreted his words, or do we know what he wanted to say?
I was lucky enough to have attended a lecture by professor Hawking at my University back in 2011.

This was in Belgium and the courses I was following was only vaguely connected to physics. But it was Hawking! 

I took place in one of the larger theaters of the university of Leuven and almost as soon as the announcement got made the space in the theater was occupied.

They even had to put up screens outside of the university so anyone who was curious could also attend the lecture. 

I can honestly say it was surreal seeing a turn out for a scientist almost to the equivalent of a turnout to a rockstar.

Due to the limitations Hawking had the questions were predetermined and the lecture was written to be accessible to even someone with little scientific background.

It wasn't about the information that was being explained, it was about the man. There aren't many scientific celebrities, and he definitely was one.

For the struggles he went through he succeeded in living a succesfull and full life.

Not only his intelligence is famed, but his wit and sense of humor made him a cultural icon. He'll be missed. 
When we teach the next generation of children who never grew up to know Hawking, what should be one thing we should teach them in terms of what Stephen Hawking did in the name of science?
My sophomore year of high school, I took chemistry and started to realize it was something I really enjoyed. I had never pinned myself as a particularly outstanding student, but I did very well in this class. Soon, my interests in science expanded to the subject of astronomy and physics. I’d come home after school and spend my time watching documentaries and YouTube videos about the universe and all the mysteries that come with trying to understand our place in it. And someone who always was featured on those shows and videos? Stephen Hawking.

That man loved being on this Earth.

Everything he said, he conveyed with such clarity and reverence. He knew how to explained his own complicated work to an audience like myself. He made the cosmos feel accessible and exciting. I was learning more at home than at school. What I loved most—every word he used, every perfect thought and idea, so thoughtful and considerate of the human race. He was a true humanitarian, and it was important for me to see someone model such a visceral belief in the worth of human nature. I feel that right now. He has set up a legacy for us; we would be fools not to follow in his path. 

I am humbled to have existed with Stephen Hawking. 
Many large threads on reddit are known for containing many jokes which AskScience moderators try to limit in the first place. However, out of respect, we ask that you please do not joke about Stephen Hawking's passing.
This man performed the most complex mathematical operations known to man entirely in his head due to his inability to use a pencil. As an engineer myself, I can’t possibly comprehend the magnitude of intelligence that requires.
Can we get a discussion on Hawking Radiation?  I've heard that it involves particles tunneling out of the black hole, is that a good way to understand it?  How does it relate to black-body radiation? What sort of particles is it?
Stood, or rather sat, upon the shoulders of giants Stephen Hawking was not content. He climbed higher, he fought harder, he forged new paths of knowledge where mystery once thrived. He inspired others just as the great physicists before him inspired his dreams. Looking back on in the life of if this great man, he is no longer the child sitting on fathers shoulders, he was hoisting others up and showing them a universe once thought mystical, then proved practical. He has become one with the giants on whise shoulders we all now stand. Perhaps one day, we will be lucky enough to join those ranks. As for me, I am content to have lived in a world that was graced with such an individual as Hawking. There is no replacing, just acceptance and moving forward.
I honestly just want to know what questions he still had about the universe and it's workings.
You want a physicist to speak at your funeral. You want the physicist to talk to your grieving family about the conservation of energy, so they will understand that your energy has not died. You want the physicist to remind your sobbing mother about the first law of thermodynamics; that no energy gets created in the universe, and none is destroyed. You want your mother to know that all your energy, every vibration, every Btu of heat, every wave of every particle that was her beloved child remains with her in this world. You want the physicist to tell your weeping father that amid energies of the cosmos, you gave as good as you got.

And at one point you'd hope that the physicist would step down from the pulpit and walk to your brokenhearted spouse there in the pew and tell him that all the photons that ever bounced off your face, all the particles whose paths were interrupted by your smile, by the touch of your hair, hundreds of trillions of particles, have raced off like children, their ways forever changed by you. And as your widow rocks in the arms of a loving family, may the physicist let her know that all the photons that bounced from you were gathered in the particle detectors that are her eyes, that those photons created within her constellations of electromagnetically charged neurons whose energy will go on forever.

And the physicist will remind the congregation of how much of all our energy is given off as heat. There may be a few fanning themselves with their programs as he says it. And he will tell them that the warmth that flowed through you in life is still here, still part of all that we are, even as we who mourn continue the heat of our own lives.

And you'll want the physicist to explain to those who loved you that they need not have faith; indeed, they should not have faith. Let them know that they can measure, that scientists have measured precisely the conservation of energy and found it accurate, verifiable and consistent across space and time. You can hope your family will examine the evidence and satisfy themselves that the science is sound and that they'll be comforted to know your energy's still around. According to the law of the conservation of energy, not a bit of you is gone; you're just less orderly. 

Commentator : Aaron Freeman for NPR
The world has lost a brilliant mind. May he rest in peace and may we continue his brilliant work.
Hawking predicted the radiation that bears his name, and that black holes essentially evaporate.

How do we use this knowledge practically? Is there any Earth-based benefits for knowing it?
They should name the first city on Mars after him.
Can anyone say, generally, what his greatest accomplishment was to the human race?  Or what he’ll be known for 50 years from now?
I met Stephen Hawking when i was seven years old at a fireworks party at trinity college Cambridge, i was with my parents and grandad who was the head chef at the time and so I wondered round as kids do at social functions and remember he was seated in his wheel chair watching the fire works and it was a nice memory, i was too shy to say anything and remember
Does his death affect any ongoing projects in the physics world ?
How much work was put into developing his wheelchair, and in terms of technological advancement how ahead of time is it?

Also was his death sudden, or was it something that was kept under wraps?
If only we had advanced enough to resleeve his stack! (Sci-fi, Altered Carbon)
This man who showed the humankind to never give up would be the ideal candidate to continue living till he found the answers to all the questions he had and inspire humanity to keep pushing further!
I don't really have any questions. I just wanted to say this.

Stephen Hawking inspired me to look to the stars and dream big. He taught me that your body can ultimately fail you, but you can still have your mind. He taught me that the pursuit of knowledge is so fun and enjoyable. 

It was my dream to one day meet him. Now I never will. But I will continue my life. I'll continue learning. Thank you Mr. Hawking.
Will he still be posthumously awarded the Nobel prize in Physics for his work on Hawking radiation? Idk if they give posthumous awards, but the man deserves the accolade for the history books. 
Now he can explore the universe. Hope he finds his answers on the other side.
What are his thoughts about death? Did he talk about that?
On PI day too... 
Might be the first time headlines of all websites react to an event yet google doodle hasn’t prepared for it. Next year this time there’s one more theme to PI day
I would have liked to go to dinner with Stephen Hawking.  I wouldn’t have been able to eat, but the conversation would have been fascinating!
What was Stephen Hawking's last official contribution to science before he passed away?
Hopefully my great grandchildren will consult with you on the holodeck of the USS Hawking in some distant Galaxy. 
I hope someone is able to take on his mantle. This is a damn shame. 
What made it possible for Hawking to be able to communicate?
Stephen Hawking is one of those people who can literally say that they did the best they could with their life given.

Just imagine being diagnosed with ALS and being told that you were going to die.

Hawking had an insurmountable will of mind and he rightfully deserves everyone's respect for his sheer will power. 
Why did he not get Nobel prize.In his book brief history of time he mentions he would be nominated for Nobel prize if they find a black hole
We lost a brilliant mind. The cosmos received a brilliant mind. 
Of all the celebrity deaths over the passed few years, I think this one hits the hardest. 

I never studied science or physics, I was just always fascinated by it and always had so much admiration for Hawking for having the will power to continue his studies and research after all these years and even show up for tv shows, movies, interviews, book signings, the list goes on. 

A man in his condition should never have been able to survive as long as he did but the advancement in space exploration and physics and human survival was  far more important to him than feeling sorry for himself and waiting for Death.  If it wasn’t for his love of science and the advancement of civilisation, I don’t think he would have survived nearly as long. 

He suffered for us, humanity as a whole, not just a country or a race or a social status. It’s our job to ensure his legacy lives on and his studies and theories are thought to our children and don’t get lost in time. 

RIP Stephen Hawking, I’m sure you’re in the company of better minds now wherever you are. 
What was something surprisingly human and warm about Hawking that everybody should know?
I've been regularly hearing of the James Webb telescope, and how with it we'd be able to see so much further into our universe.

On what theories/ideas of Dr. Hawking could the new technology of the JW provide an answer?
What is one book he wrote and every science enthusiast should read?
Was he still conducting research this past decade? If so, what happens to that research as a result of his passing?
We may not be geniuses or of great IQ, but how can we continue to achieve a greater understanding of quantum mechanics and cosmology? In other words how can we gain part of the perspective Dr. Hawking had about these topics and not only be great scientist but also great human beings. 

Ps: Sorry for all these nonsense questions, I am just sad 
Given how quick we are to move on and forget in this turbulent age of (mis)information, I truly hope with my heart that humanity remember him as one of the most brilliant minds of our age, and also that his life story serves as a prime example that regardless what the circumstances of your life may be, you can overcome, achieve and surpass whatever challenges life brings you and rise above.
May you find the answers and explanations for all the questions your curious mind formulated, and may it bring you peace. Rest in peace Stephen. 
Well this sucks.

How was Hawking/Perry/Strominger's [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.00921v1.pdf) "Soft Hair on Black Holes" received? What questions has it raised?
Does anyone know what his last words were?
Dying at International π-day seems fitting, never the less it is a sad day for humanity and science.
He is the motivation to everyone, He proved nothing is impossible and disability is not a trap. RIP
Goddammit. He just had to go and be memorialized forever by passing on pi day. Good on you, sir.

3.14
[deleted]
I didn't even check reddit this moring. I got up and was watching John Oliver. Then I saw an interview of Oliver + Hawking and was watching that. Then I thought "Man I wonder how old Hawking is. He seems to have aged." So I looked up his Wiki and saw it had a "Died" date on there.. and I thought "Wow he died? I didn't know.. when did that happen?" Then I looked at the date and said "Isn't that today?" cue loading up the reddit front page. 

Does anyone wonder what his diet was like? For someone to have lived with that disease for so long, I wonder what his dietary guidelines were to keep his body and brain functional for so long. 
Just started reading a brief history of time
Today is pi day for rest of the world except Us. 
Outside of science, what are some notable things Stephen Hawking has done?
So who's the smartest person alive now?
I've read his parents were academics, Does this mean he was atheist his whole life? Or was he ever baptized?
[deleted]
Will be revisiting the book “A Brief History of Time” in memory of Hawking.

Truly a brilliant person at all levels...

R.i.p.
With Great Respect, Rest in Piece Stephen Hawking
Everyone has had points in their life where someone or something explained to them realities that they were not even knowing to ask explained to them which changed their foundation of their understanding of their world. The universe was small to me when I was a teenager and I did not have a grasp on the reality of how amazing and large the universe was.

I give thanks to Stephen Hawking and his editor that made him rework his book a Brief History of Time over and over till it made sense to someone who was starting this adventure at day one. This book gave me the first clue on how awesome our reality is.

RIP old man your knowledge and sense of humor will be missed.


I remember I read the Brief History of Time, one summer vacation when I was in junior college. It was difficult to get through, but I persevered. At the end of it I sat there thinking for a long time. I don't even remember what I thought about but it felt like it had opened my eyes to everything greater than me. In the words of a Reddit mod - Sic itur ad astra, indeed.
What an inspiration Hawking was...and it will be, for current and future generations. He hasn't died, he will live forever with what he has achieved.
From what I understand, he still taught and answered emails to the very end. I was near Cambridge last year and was thinking of stopping by during office hours, if he had any. Now I sort of regret not going. Any one know if I did miss out or are those rumors just that? Rumors?
This is so sad :( The World has lost a truely great mind and human. Its kind of fitting that it was today. On the most mathematically of all days 3.14. RIP Stephen Hawling. 
Has anyone heard of any sort of memorial?
Could someone explain why he thought that communication to alien lifeforms would be terrible for us and that we should stop it? How was this taken in the scientific community?
They should have given him an honorary Nobel prize
What is something that I could do in his remembrance that reflects who he was as a person? 

What did he value in life that I can further pursue (as an insignificant individual) to carry on his beliefs?
While I didn't agree with his opinions on things such as religion, I am saddened to hear that he passed away. But considering that initially he was only given a few years when he wasdiagnosed with his disease, he went beyond that and made great leaps for science and mankind. The science community is lesser without him.
Can anyone here direct me to a concise(ish) list of accomplishments that Mr. Hawking was responsible for? I would love to spend some time reading in depth about his work. Definitely familiar with his work, definitely a loss for humanity.
:( legitimately felt sad waking up to this , this morning
Has his brain been salvaged and frozen?
I used to work with one of his children, one of the nicest people I've ever met however would rarely speak of his father due to fears people would keep asking questions. 

However once he brought it up and all he had to say was good things, he will very much be missed.
"We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special."  -Stephen Hawking
Hey guys, two friends of mine and me made this profile which I believe is the largest fan collection of Stephen Hawking material on the web with over 1,500 links of video clips, articles, interviews etc. etc. Let's celebrate his life today: https://wakelet.com/@StephenHawking :) 
Man, I wrote a report on him a few years ago and after I learned about him, he practically became my idol. Very sad to see that he passed, but he lived a wonderfully successful life and showed the world that if you put your mind and heart to it, you can accomplish anything. And his theories are a whole other story. What he proposed to the world changed the way we look at space as a whole. May he rest in peace. He was a great person.
The man was absolute proof that your life is never over until you say it is. Always envied his tenacity, and will forever be appreciative of his studies because of that. RIP you amazing beast of a human.
This man showed us no matter what your struggles but if we are motivated and determined nothing can stop us! Respect and RIP
While it's sad that he's gone, he still lived longer than Sagan, Feynman or Einstein, which is pretty remarkable given his illness. 
I remember reading The Universe in a Nutshell when I was a teenager. I didn't understand 90% of it, but god damn it was interesting. It was like reading about alien worlds. The feelings of fascination and awe from that book and the man behind it has stayed with me. 
Stephen Hawking died on Pi day (3.14....2018).  That seems very appropriate.  Also, interestingly enough, he died on Albert Einstein's birthday, March 14th.  I wonder what he would have said about that.  RIP.
It was comforting to know he was alive. I always felt like somehow - no matter how bad things got - when the need arose, Stephen Hawking would save us.
Now that Hawking has passed away, who would be next up for "smartest human alive"?
Wait... He died on 3/14? Does no one else find that to be highly...






















...coincidental?
What was he working on towards the end
What would you say his biggest scientific achievement was?
This sucks. Growing up, i took a big interest in his work and it was a gateway into me becoming really obsessed with science. It literally turned my school years around and I actually gave a shit. Probably sounds stupid but I think he made me a better person and he's never met me.

Rest in peace, Stephen. You are already missed.
Well goodbye Mr. Hawking. You helped open the doors to the universe, I suppose eventually you'd have to step through yourself. People before you have seen far standing on the shoulders of giants, now you join the ranks of colossi standing silent sentinel to mankind's quest to unravel this beautiful mystery we call reality. 

So long Stephen, you'll be sorely missed. 
What living person(s) did he admire? Why?
I am a physicist who has lived most of his life in a wheelchair and half of it on a ventilator. Stephen Hawking was a big inspiration for me, showing that physical barriers can be overcome to make a meaningful contribution to science. He will be deeply missed.
I don’t have a question, but I’ve been looking for a place to express this: I love that they made a movie celebrating his journey and life’s work before he died. It seems too often that people try to cash in or immortalize someone after death, but his legacy wasn’t like other icons of our time. His legacy was living and ongoing, and I’m grateful to have been alive during the time of one of the greatest minds in history.
This makes me truly sad, more so than any inspiring actor or musician ever has. I looked up to this man, who showed us that regardless of the odds given, you can do great things. One of the greatest minds of the past couple generations. Rest In Peace. 
What was Dr. Hawking's response academically when he was diagnosed with the disease? I.e. was his reaction apparent in his work, and how?

So sad to hear this, the human race lost a great, great mind.
Not sure if anyone ask this yet

Did he actually do most calculations in his head since he became unable to move?
An inspiration to several generations. 
Wait Stephen Hawking died on Pi day?
This man was as everyone knows an inspiration... when I heard the news a knot formed in my throat and heart... but just as I felt the tears build up in my eyes I realized something amazing... the fact that he lived to be as old as he was with ALS was just a feat in itself.   I am very happy to say I have existed during a time when such a human existed <3
Black Lives Matter
**Black lives matter.** The moderation team at AskScience wants to express our outrage and sadness at the systemic racism and disproportionate violence experienced by the black community. This has gone on for too long, and it's time for lasting change. 

When 1 out of every 1,000 black men and boys in the United States can expect to be killed by the police, police violence is a public health crisis. Black men are about 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police than white men. In 2019, 1,099 people were killed by police in the US; 24% of those were black, even though only 13% of the population is black.

When black Americans make up a disproportionate number of COVID-19 deaths, healthcare disparity is another public health crisis. In Michigan, black people make up 14% of the population and 40% of COVID-19 deaths. In Louisiana, black people are 33% of the population but account for 70% of COVID-19 deaths. Black Americans are more likely to work in essential jobs, with 38% of black workers employed in these industries compared with 29% of white workers. They are less likely to have access to health insurance and more likely to lack continuity in medical care.

These disparities, these crises, are not coincidental. They are the result of systemic racism, economic inequality, and oppression. 

Change requires us to look inward, too. For over a decade, AskScience has been a forum where redditors can discuss scientific topics with scientists. Our panel includes hundreds of STEM professionals who volunteer their time, and we are proud to be an interface between scientists and non-scientists. We are fully committed to making science more accessible, and we hope it inspires people to consider careers in STEM. 

However, we must acknowledge that STEM suffers from a marked lack of diversity. In the US, black workers comprise 11% of the US workforce, but hold just 7% of STEM jobs that require a bachelor’s degree or higher. Only 4% of medical doctors are black. Hispanic workers make up 16% of the US workforce, 6% of STEM jobs that require a bachelor’s degree or higher, and 4.4% of medical doctors. Women make up 47% of the US workforce but 41% of STEM professionals with professional or doctoral degrees. And while we know around 3.5% of the US workforce identifies as LGBTQ+, their representation in STEM fields is largely unknown.

These numbers become even more dismal in certain disciplines. For example, as of 2019, less than 4% of tenured or tenure-track geoscience positions are held by people of color, and fewer than 100 black women in the US have received PhDs in physics.

This lack of diversity is unacceptable and actively harmful, both to people who are not afforded opportunities they deserve and to the STEM community as a whole. We cannot truly say we have cultivated the best and brightest in our respective fields when we are missing the voices of talented, brilliant people who are held back by widespread racism, sexism, and homophobia.

It is up to us to confront these systemic injustices directly. We must all stand together against police violence, racism, and economic, social, and environmental inequality. STEM professional need to make sure underrepresented voices are heard, to listen, and to offer support. We must be the change. 

-----

**Sources:**

- https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793
- https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/
- https://labblog.uofmhealth.org/rounds/racial-disparities-time-of-covid-19
- https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK24693/
- https://www.joincampaignzero.org/research
- https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/apr/16/black-workers-coronavirus-covid-19
- https://www.npr.org/transcripts/867466515
- https://www.pewsocialtrends.org/2018/01/09/diversity-in-the-stem-workforce-varies-widely-across-jobs/
- https://www.nature.com/articles/s41561-019-0519-z
- https://physicstoday.scitation.org/do/10.1063/PT.6.3.20190529a/full/
- https://www.washingtonpost.com/outlook/2018/09/11/even-progressive-academics-can-be-racist-ive-experienced-it-firsthand/
- http://www.bu.edu/articles/2017/lgbt-issues-stem-diversity/
According to Wikipedia, Native Americans are killed most often per capita than any other race in America. 

> The rate of fatal police shootings per million was 10.13 for Native Americans, 6.6 for black people, 3.23 for Hispanics; 2.9 for white people and 1.17 for Asians.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_use_of_deadly_force_in_the_United_States

When accounting for poverty / wealth, racial bias practically disappears. 

https://replicationindex.com/2019/09/27/poverty-explain-racial-biases-in-police-shootings/

If these are accurate, then it brings up a couple of questions to me. Why is there still a large discrepancy in poverty levels in the different races and ethnicities in the US? Why does poverty lead to crime in such a large degree? If reducing poverty reduces crime rates and police homicides, can we decrease the poverty level without dragging the rest of the nation down?
[removed]
I’m curious what the numbers would look like if you factored in socioeconomic status. For example, Blacks vs Whites who make less than 25,000 a year, or something to that effect. It would be hard to argue against racial bias at that point if the numbers still looked similar to those in this graph.
[removed]
the american indian is not even counted, maybe not even 1% of STEM. i do mobility for a large corporation and i know of only 1 other person and he was in infrastructure (fiber optics) guy in phoenix area. i don't know of anyone native american doing what i'm doing.
Regarding the women and minorities STEM, the claim that they have low numbers is manufactured, dishonest, and borderline scientific fraud.  

First off STEM is a vague definition, which allows those making this claim to basically manufacture the data to agree with them.  What counts as a STEM field?  Well there is not agreed upon and unambiguous definition. Usually, medicine, psychology, social science/anthropology, and sometimes even biology are omitted from the category (yeah I've seen a number of so called studies or talks on STEM demographics that didn't include biology).  Why?  All of these fields are doing some sort of scientific research. Ok maybe social science and anthro can by omitted as they are soft sciences, and not all anthropologist are actually scientist (but many are), but then why keep computer science?  But medicine, psychology (which is a medical and a scientific research field), and definitely biology all fully qualify as science.  By the way, those 4 fields are the 4 largest STEM fields by population and are all majority women.  So no surprise if you exclude them, then you're left with a lot of men.  Essentially, STEM is being defined as fields with few women, in order to prove there are few women in STEM.  Of course the non STEM fields have far more women than men, and the gender imbalance is even larger as universities as a whole have mostly female students and no one complains about that.

As far as the minorities claim, again it's based on vague a subjective ethnic categories (that really only make sense to an American).  It's true there are few black students, but they aren't the only minority category.  There are a lot of Chinese, Japanese, Taiwanese, Indians, and Jews in STEM.  All of which are minorities in the US.  But except for Jews, they all get lumped together as "Asians".  And so it appears as if there is little diversity.  But these cultures are very different from one another, and would never group themselves together.  Indian culture for example, has far more in common with western European culture than with Chinese and Japanese.  Grouping them all as Asians, demonstrates your ignorance and American ethnocentrism.  There are also a lot of Europeans from various countries, but they all get lumped together as white with white Americans, even though they all come from different cultures too, again, demonstrating that the category is centered around American perception.
You know, as much as I agree with the message. Posting statistics and then proclaiming the conclusion to be thus:

> These disparities, these crises, are not coincidental. They are the result of systemic racism, economic inequality, and oppression.

Seems oddly unscientific. Perhaps these would form the basis of a good hypothesis, but even with the blatant racism I see in the police force, it still could be another factor. I thought this was ask **science**, not a political soapbox.

[Unless you are also suggesting a lack of pirates is causing a rise in global temperature?](https://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations)
> This lack of diversity is unacceptable 

What's the realistic solution here ? 

You don't need to look further than the cyclical nature of lower-income populations. It's no secret that within the US, the Latino and Black communities tend to be among the most impoverished with the lowest high school graduation rates, worst test scores and lowest that go on to higher education. How do you break that cycle that has middle and high school aged kids spend the time to take their studies serious and want to graduate and go on for further education?

Compare that to your suburban areas that are primarily white, Asian and Indian, most kids do graduate high school and a decent percentage do go on to 4+ year degrees. 

As far as looking at those percentages, 29.7% of native born white citizens go on to earn a Bachelor's versus 16.3% of the black population (both of which pale in comparison to the 48.3% that the Asian population has). 

Your stats of 11% of the workforce is made up of the black population whereas only 7% of STEM jobs are held -- that actually falls in line with the disparity of the degree earning differences. 

Maybe the answer isn't forcing more diversity out of the current adult population, but to work on getting those kids who are in poor schools to prioritize their education and future and have a community that surrounds them to better support and encourage them.
[removed]
I recommend reading “An Empirical Analysis of Racial Differences in Police Use of Force”, by Roland G. Fryer, the youngest African-American ever to be awarded Tenure at Harvard (so good luck challenging his scholarship). He originally published it in 2016, then repeated the analysis in 2019 (the police data are released every 3 years). The results are basically identical in both.

“Even when officers report that civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.2 percent more likely to endure some form of force in an interaction. Yet, on the most extreme use of force—officer-involved shootings—we are unable to detect any racial differences either in the raw data or when accounting for controls.”

Not at all the result you were expecting?  There are plenty more articles that challenge the position offered in this post.

This post seems to be a classic example of people choosing to share studies that support their worldview and ignoring those that challenge it.  This is not how science works.  I was able to find the article in 5 minutes, and skim its contents in 15.  Anyone who claims to be offering you the science without mention of data that challenges their position is either (a) dishonest or (b) not as educated on the topic as they would like you to believe.
[removed]
I'm all for this message, but what is up with this:

>When 1 out of every 1,000 black men and boys in the United States can expect to be killed by the police

Typo?
\> In the US, black workers comprise 11% of the US workforce, but hold just 7% of STEM jobs that require a bachelor’s degree or higher.

It's called labour market, right? let's check what supply is: [https://www.statista.com/statistics/828874/number-of-stem-degrees-awarded-in-the-us-by-race/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/828874/number-of-stem-degrees-awarded-in-the-us-by-race/) . Oh, it's 6.98%, what a surprise
Quick question - is using the metric "STEM Job that requires Bachelors degree or higher" a good metric?  I'm sure there are quite a few other people like myself (Hispanic/Native) that have high level IT jobs with no formal degree (only certificates and job experience) making at or near 6 figures.

&#x200B;

I am in no means not trying to discount the fact that there is under representation in STEM fields in regards to mintority/PoC, but just something I wanted to bring up.
[removed]
>When black Americans make up a disproportionate number of COVID-19 deaths, healthcare disparity is another public health crisis. In Michigan, black people make up 14% of the population and 40% of COVID-19 deaths. In Louisiana, black people are 33% of the population but account for 70% of COVID-19 deaths. 

This isn't only happening in the US, nor is it necessarily a racism issue. 

Vitamin D deficiency is vast throughout populations, right behind magnesium. It's critical to immune function as well as expressing genes like ACE2, which COVID downregulates.

Firstly, low vitamin D status is more common with darker-skin people:

[https://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/qa/how-can-dark-skin-lead-to-vitamin-d-deficiency](https://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/qa/how-can-dark-skin-lead-to-vitamin-d-deficiency) 

Secondly, low vitamin D status appears to be linked to worse COVID symptoms:

[https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/apt.15777](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/apt.15777) 

Finally, The BMJ examined the same issues with Somali's in Sweden:  
[https://www.bmj.com/content/368/bmj.m1101/rr-10](https://www.bmj.com/content/368/bmj.m1101/rr-10)
Since you framed this as an opportunity for discussion, I think we should be open to discuss the information you've provided as long as we're civil? 

I'd be interested to know if you came to these figures yourself or just copied them from the source links without reviewing them first. The black population in the united states is roughly 45 million. If we assume half of those are male and we're seeing roughly 240 black deaths by police per year, how do you arrive at 1 of every 1000 is likely to die from a police interaction? Those numbers simply don't add up. Also the word disproportionate paints a significantly different picture than the actual numbers do. While a black man may be 2x more likely to be killed by police, the actual number of deaths is not disproportionate. 

I think a safe take-away is that, at least by the yearly numbers per-population, we're all very unlikely to die as a result of a police interaction, regardless of race. Considering there are some 50 million police to citizen interactions per year.
[deleted]
Whites are 6 x less likely to commit homicides than blacks yet they are only 2.5x less likely to be killed by police. It's not hard to manipulate statistics to fit an agenda.

The issue isn't police racism. The issue is blacks committing too many violent crimes which can be further derived into socio-economic issues. No good has or will come from these protests and riots.
[deleted]
Not sure i agree with this paragraph.

 *However, we must acknowledge that STEM suffers from a marked lack of  diversity. In the US, black workers comprise 11% of the US workforce,  but hold just 7% of STEM jobs that require a bachelor’s degree or  higher. Only 4% of medical doctors are black. Hispanic workers make up  16% of the US workforce, 6% of STEM jobs that require a bachelor’s  degree or higher, and 4.4% of medical doctors. Women make up 47% of the  US workforce but 41% of STEM professionals with professional or doctoral  degrees. And while we know around 3.5% of the US workforce identifies  as LGBTQ+, their representation in STEM fields is largely unknown.* 

If we are talking about black workers make up for 11% of the us workforce then isn't it natural that only 7% make up for STEM jobs and 4% of medical doctors? i mean if they only make up for 1/10th of all jobs then isn't it unlikely all of that 1/10th are skilled enough for STEM jobs. Having 7% working in STEM jobs seems about accurate considering they only make up for 11% of working population. Also wouldn't this bring more attention to hispanic workers? they make up for 16% of the working population yet only have 6% of STEM jobs.

Also with this paragraph.

 *When black Americans make up a disproportionate number of COVID-19  deaths, healthcare disparity is another public health crisis. In  Michigan, black people make up 14% of the population and 40% of COVID-19  deaths. In Louisiana, black people are 33% of the population but  account for 70% of COVID-19 deaths. Black Americans are more likely to  work in essential jobs, with 38% of black workers employed in these  industries compared with 29% of white workers. They are less likely to  have access to health insurance and more likely to lack continuity in  medical care.* 

First you mention in Michigan black people make up for 40% of COVID-19 deaths however fail to mention health conditions that could be related to why that figure may be so high. According to this site:

[https://minorityhealth.hhs.gov/omh/browse.aspx?lvl=4&lvlid=25](https://minorityhealth.hhs.gov/omh/browse.aspx?lvl=4&lvlid=25)

non-hispanic blacks are 1.3 times more likely to be obese compared to whites and they are 20% less likely to partake in physical activity. Also 4/5 african american women are overweight/obese and are 50% more likely to be obese compare to non-hispanic white population. Couldn't the percentage of COVID-19 deaths be more attributed health conditions which i can't see how that would correlate to systemic racism, economic inequality, and oppression. Also in that same paragraph you mention that black Americans are more likely to work in essential jobs which could essentially contribute to that 40% death rate aswell? It just seems that these statistics are just being thrown around and drawing conclusions without explaining possibilities to why these statistics are so high IMO. I don't know the credibility of the link i provided as i do not live in the U.S.A so they could be wrong statistics so i welcome you to explain the situation better.
From what agency or government organization is there systemic racism? 

I am not arguing that there are not racists in places of authority, that abuse their position and should be removed.

I'm asking *specifically* what policies any of these organizations have that are racist either directly or indirectly?

To be crystal clear I am against racism of any kind.
[removed]
>Black men are about 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police than white men.

>African Americans are incarcerated at more than 5 times the rate of whites.

if you're having encounters with law enforcement at 5 times the rate than white people, being only 2.5 times more like to be killed by law enforcement is **positive** discrimination.

The facts just don't support any narrative of racism by police.

https://www.naacp.org/criminal-justice-fact-sheet/
Thank you for this calm, well-articulated, source-driven advocacy! Science should stand behind justice. This makes me feel a little less crazy with all the chaos. Thank you for your wisdom in choosing to speak out as a sub that stands for rational discourse.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This seems like a somewhat simplified perspective of the statistics. I see a lot of nuanced, critical, and articulate comments here which seem to take a more  objective approach. Clearly this is a legitimate social issue, but I don't think the cause is as simple as "systemic racism," nor raising awareness the solution. I was a little taken aback that this was posted by a moderator, given its strong political language.
Wait, 24% of the 1099 people that were killed were black, what were the other demographics?  That statistic seems odd given that the claim before is that black people are 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police.  Is that given a police interaction with a person it is proven that black people are statistically more likely to have a bad interaction?

&#x200B;

That's worded really oddly.
 According to the [US Department of Justice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/US_Department_of_Justice), African Americans accounted for 52.5% of all homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with Whites 45.3% and "Other" 2.2%. The offending rate for African Americans was almost 8 times higher than Whites, and the victim rate 6 times higher. Most homicides were intraracial, with 84% of White victims killed by Whites, and 93% of African American victims were killed by African Americans.[\[49\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States#cite_note-49)[\[50\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States#cite_note-50)[\[51\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States#cite_note-51)
Off course police violence is unacceptable and needs to persecuted, but somehow many situations when arresting people of color must have been uncomfortable for the officers(not George Floyd) if you read the murderstatistics, an overwhelming part of the offenders are people of color. If a police officer has to arrest him, he clearly is influenced by such statistics and tends to react more aggressive. I dont believe that the significant part of police violence is motivated by racism. In most situations the people rect aggressive while beeing arrested, so the police officers have to reapond that way. Here the current FBI statistics on murder and rape sorted by Race and Gender.

https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/expanded-homicide/expanded_homicide_data_table_6_murder_race_and_sex_of_vicitm_by_race_and_sex_of_offender_2013.xls
According to the linked article, the factor of sex (male VS. female) is an order of magnitude more significant than race in determining likelihood of being killed by law enforcement.

Do not be fooled, scientists are not immune from cherry picking the facts.
Can you also display the crime rate, based on race?


I looked into the FBI database a few years back, and the rate at which blacks and whites are shot by police during a police encounter IS EXACTLY THE SAME.

The difference, is that blacks encounter police at a much higher rate than their population % suggests.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
**Organizations supporting diversity in STEM:**

- African American Women in Technology (http://aawit.net/)

- National Conference of Black Political Scientists (https://www.ncobps.org/)

- Women of Color Research Network (https://womeninscience.nih.gov/women-of-color/)

- Women of Color Advancing Peace and Security (https://www.wcaps.org/)

- Association of Black Women Physicians (https://www.blackwomenphysicians.org/)

- National Association of Black Geoscientists (http://www.nabg-us.org/)

- Black Girls Code (https://www.blackgirlscode.com/)

- National Society of Black Engineers (https://nsbe.org/home.aspx)

- National Black Nurses Association (https://www.nbna.org/)

- National Association for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical 
Engineers (https://www.nobcche.org/)

- Society of Black American Surgeons (https://www.sbas.net/)

- Association of Black Psychologists (https://www.abpsi.org/)

- Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (https://www.shpe.org/)

- American Indian Science and Engineering Society (https://www.aises.org/)

- National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering (https://www.nacme.org/)

- Women in Science and Engineering (https://www.wisecampaign.org.uk/about-us/)

- LGBT+ STEM (https://lgbtstem.wordpress.com/)

- Out in Tech (https://outintech.com/)

- Pride in STEM (https://prideinstem.org/)

- Out in National Security (https://www.outinnationalsecurity.org/)

**Know of any others? Please leave a comment below!**
Why don't you also include other stats that might paint the whole picture? You're being misleading here with only telling the narrative you want. 


Why not include full crime stats by race too? Or race on race crime? 

Your cherry picking of data definitely doesn't support systemic racism and your just adding fuel to the fire.
If race was the determining variable, you'd expect the effect to be similar across genders for black people, but this isnt the case.  Black women are only slightly more likely to be killed by police than white women.  Older black males similarly aren't very disproportionately targeted.  I'm not going to venture a guess why that is, but if you remove young black males from the data set for black people, it becomes a very small effect.
I never realized how much of a gender disparity there is. Black women are killed by police at far lower rates than Asian men. I wouldn’t have guessed that. 

While there is undeniably systemic racism in the criminal justice system (and throughout society), these statistics feel loaded and unhelpful.
[removed]
Is there a corresponding data analysis based on class?
I’m curious, as a science sub what would constitute black people dying more to cops? Instead of jumping to the “racism” card could we also assume that blacks are killed more because maybe they’re involved in more criminal activities and altercations? Perhaps more black people choose suicide by cop? 

Also how many of these cops were black that killed their black criminal counterparts? 

I do believe black lives matter and this is a sad issue to address, but please bear with me. I just want to know the science and truth behind this matter, it seems from my POV there are a few leaps in conclusions made by OP.

Edit: last three words
Do you not think that the rates of criminality among these demographics perfectly matching the rates of adverse interactions with the police is a much more true statement? You fall head over heels trying to explain what really is a very simple statistical reality.

The science (really statistics, no science involved as they are epistemologically different) doesn't fit your narrative and you're just trying to bend reality to push your politics.
Serious question: blacks are disproportionately killed by police, but they also disproportionately commit murders (44% of the offenders in 2018 according to the FBI). Shouldn't this be taken into account when looking at the numbers of blacks killed by police?
[removed]
Native Americans are the most likely to drop in population percentage than blacks from police brutality, per this graph and the low population that the overall US Tribes make up (roughly 2.5-3 million out of a 325M population). That's something not many people point out, and should be covered more often.
Those numbers are also including shootouts and attacks to police and other fleeing people, without those it’s only 3 blacks that were killed by cops last year to 15 whites. There is little to no racial profiling by the police department as a whole.  [https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/national/police-shootings-2019/](Sourcehttps://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2019/national/police-shootings-2019/)
[removed]
>These disparities, these crises, are not coincidental. They are the result of systemic racism, economic inequality, and oppression.

This is a false dichotomy.  There were many disparities between Sub-saharan Africans and Europeans when they first started to interact in the Age of Discovery.

It is completely possible that current disparities are a result of those prior disparities.  Indeed, even systemic racism, economic inequality and disparities in oppression could be a result of those prior disparities.
So did you bother factoring in the relative rate of crime? No? How about looking at percentage or cases in which force was appropriate vs not? Obviously a larger pool of people committing violent crimes, who are more likely to resist police are more likely to lose their lives in a struggle. Ask any Chicago police officer what it's like to live in a city rife with gangs and murder on the streets, I bet you anything they have had a brush with death, or know a cop who was killed or wounded in the fight 9 times out of 10. This shouldn't be about race, it should be about crime, and that's a street that goes both ways. Cops shouldn't treat different races differently, but I don't want them hesitating and getting killed jusg as much as I don't want them to jump the gun. Take a scientific approach. Think empathetically. Don't get stuck on one side. Think for yourself.
[deleted]
> When 1 out of every 1,000 black men and boys in the United States can expect to be killed by the police, police violence is a public health crisis. Black men are about 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police than white men. In 2019, 1,099 people were killed by police in the US; 24% of those were black, even though only 13% of the population is black. 

It is important to expand on the context of this statement. The vast majority of deaths by police are justified. According to the Washington posts database for Police Shootings (Not all deaths, just shootings) there was 1022 deaths by police shooting last year. The deaths break down as such

Weapon:

Gun - 589

Knife - 171

Vehicle - 62

Toy Weapons - 26

Other Weapon- 66 

Unarmed - 41

Unknown - 49

This means the vast majority of people shot posed an active threat to the officer.

You can look at the further racial breakdown of it via this database :

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/investigations/police-shootings-database/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/investigations/police-shootings-database/)

As you can see the unarmed and Unknown categories are significantly less than the others. In addition when the unarmed category is broken down by race we see White - 19, Black - 9, Hispanic - 6, other -4 Unknown -3.

If this conversation is to be had we need to make it clear there is a difference between just defense, and unjust murders.
The Washington post keeps a data base of police shootings from news stories around the country. They show that actually white males are being shot by police at almost double that of blacks in some years they have been doing this since 2015. It shows 5360 people were shot 2412 were white and 1262 black.
Why not include the crime statistics too committing more violent crime leads to more interaction with the police.

Of course politice brutality is a thing and not a race issue only all people suffer from it and should be addressed.
[deleted]
Great points. You are right there is a police death disparity of 2.5 times more deaths for blacks than whites when comparing against the overall population. 

When adjusting for police deaths per number of arrests, all races are almost identical. Black peoples in the US get arrested disproportionately more than other races, about 2.5 times more than white people. Each arrest is still just as likely to end in death as an arrest of a white person. 

This is still in lime with everything else you said, and can be attributed to socioeconomic factors. If we can reduce police arrests then police killings will also go down. Police brutality as a whole also needs to be addressed.
A more useful analysis would look at the rate of deaths to interactions broken down race.  As the police don’t interact with a random sample of the population, but rather those who participate in criminal activity.
[removed]
Why are Asian Americans so low? They too suffer from racism, but for some reason it is non-violent or doesn’t result in death?

Hard to understand the data, but obviously clear black people are suffering disproportionately higher than all others.
https://twitter.com/samswey/status/1180655701271732224?s=19

This twitter thread is from a data scientist and policy analyst on what data shows as changes that can actually help police brutality (he shares sources in the tweets) for those who may want more on what can actually be done to change things.
[deleted]
"1 out of every 1,000 Black men and boys in the United States can expect to be killed by the police" soon followed by  "In 2019, 1,099 Blacks were killed by police..." 

I havent studied statistics in a **very** long time but doesn't this mean there are only approximately a million black men in America?

I really don't want to argue with anyone. I'm just trying to understand what I am reading.
COVID will also lead to a widening gap in digital literacy, another concern related to STEM.
I think a major part of the issue is that the US has so many police forces. In Australia policing is a state portfolio meaning that each state has one police force, we don’t have a different police force/sheriff for each city or county. That means that scrutiny is aimed at that state’s police which means that when there are changes within the police force it changes for the entire state (which can lead to changes across the country). I think this is a big reason for these awful things happening, they can be buried away, different police departments get run very differently and as such there is never a standard of policing that is expected across the whole state and country.
So is this just supposed to be preaching to the choir here? Because it doesn't actually address any of the points everyone always brings up when people talk about this. No alt-righter is going to be convinced by this when they have their violent crime statistics to cite.
Does anyone have specific evidence supporting the systemic portion of this claim? Is it possible to prove that cops get away with these crimes a majority of the time? That the system is truly unfair? I mean, many of us know it, but what evidence do we have to prove it?
People are going to hate on me for asking, but I think it’s an important question: As they say, correlation does not equal causation. Yet the article uses the fact that a higher percentage of blacks than whites are killed by police as “proof” of discrimination. I have no doubt that discrimination exists, but a counter argument would be that more blacks commit violent crimes.  It would be more valid and convincing to show a percentage of blacks vs whites killed per encounter with police, not per general population.
Where did you get the 1 in 1000 number from if you look here https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/, it says 235 black people shot and killed last year by police if the black population is about 37mil (lower than the actual population) divide by 2 to get men and women and then divide by 235 you get 1 in every 17,000, a far number from your number.  I looked at the source you have and it didn’t seem to back up you claim.

Sorry I’m on mobile
"These disparities, these crises, are not coincidental. They are the result of systemic racism, economic inequality, and oppression."

Yes but there is an extreme biased perception to the significance to each of these "causes".

Systemic racism is not the heart of the problem nor prevalent as the media or BLM make it out to be.

And I am fully willing to elaborate. But majority of the US has been in the racial ideology for a while now.
[removed]
>and 4.4% of medical doctors

This is striking when you compare it to the UK, where ethnic minorities are disproportionately over-represented amongst medical doctors.

Where Asian and Black members of the UK population are about 7% and 3% respectively, they represent *23%* and 4% respectively of UK doctors.

[Source](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC516646/#:~:text=The%20population%20of%20doctors%20working,groups%20\(2%25%20unrecorded\).)
Hey, just coming from a Bio PhD student who spends a ton of his time reading journal articles and figures... I think you would get a much better response if you just used a different graph type.  The combination of the x axis starting at 0 and going towards the maximum on each side, females being such a small proportion especially in the lower part of the figure makes it look like the males just have 2 error bars... one around 0% (once you figure out that 0 is in the middle) makes it a really clunky figure compared to a simple bar graph.  Alternatively you could make the max on the right side (females) much lower than the max on the left (males) so it’s makes the difference in female statistics more obvious and more clearly that you have a back to back data graph with 2 x axis mirrored. 

Maybe I’m totally wrong and nobody had any problem accurately figuring out what this figure showed and think it’s nicer than a more common and familiar graphic format... I just think it’s really powerful statistically to see this and that some of that is lost when trying to decipher a rarely used figure format, especially with the massive disparity between the scales of male vs female deaths making it difficult to tell if they all line up with 0 at the start of the orange bar or the intersection of blue and orange.
The only fix for the situation is start with elementary education because no matter the color, most scientists have to go with the most qualified hire.  Unfortunately, those from less fortunate backgrounds don't have access to the foundations of science and logic and to have an equal opportunity for that education.  Honestly, I think COVID-19 may have that silver lining.  Online school is much more egalitarian and could be quite individualized.  Progress at your own pace but all practical tests are centralized, turning the now useless classrooms into laboratories.  Systematic problems take years to solve but starting at the beginning is the only way to go.
So honest question about the fewer than 100 black females in STEM. Why? As far as I am aware everyone has the same opportunities. Is it by choice they aren't enrolling? Parents teaching them otherwise? Dangerous environment? Financially impossible? What can the average reddit browser do?
I think for the COVID-19 bit to be part of the argument, we must also take statistics on well-insured black Americans vs well-insured other races. These rates would be what we should expect the COVID-19 statistics to be.  

Lack of health insurance / low access may not be the only factor attributing to higher death rates amongst black Americans for COVID-19.  I think a doctor recently came on Joe Rogan's podcast and spoke for about 30 mins on the connection between vitamin D deficiency, how black Americans are at risk for it, and how vitamin D deficiency may be connected to COVID deaths.  That's just ONE example, I'm not looking to debate it.

The post is great.  I'm just recommending being careful with tacking on statistics that may not totally come from the source that is implied.
Looks like it’s men in general that should be looting and rioting. The racism in this chart is nothing compared to the sexism. America should be ashamed of itself, police are hunting down men, are any men safe from them? Why is no one talking about this?!?
[removed]
[removed]
Does this analysis include controls for living in the city vs out of the city? A much larger percentage of black people live in the city compared to white people and I believe most other demographics. I've been under the impression that most police killings occur in cities. If both of these things are true then it is something that would dramatically skew the data if it wasn't controlled for.
[removed]
[removed]
A message to our users
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Today in AskScience we wish to spotlight our solidarity with the subreddits that have closed today, whose operations depend critically on timely communication and input from the admins.  This post is motivated by the events of today coupled with previous interactions AskScience moderators have had in the past with the reddit staff.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This is an issue that has been chronically inadequate for moderators of large subreddits reaching out to the admins over the years. Reddit is a great site with an even more amazing community, however it is frustrating to volunteer time to run a large subreddit and have questions go unacknowledged by the people running the site.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not gone private because our team has chosen to keep the subreddit open for our readers, but instead stating our disapproval of how events have been handled currently as well as the past.
For those that are out of the loop, here's what going on:  
https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/ 

Edit: To keep a little bit of science in every AskScience post, here's a neat color photograph of Pluto and Charon taken by the New Horizons spacecraft:  
http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/Multimedia/Science-Photos/image.php?gallery_id=2&image_id=191
Here's to hoping r/funny joins in the solidarity. 
As a mod of /r/shittyaskscience, I'm in a bit of a pickle. We expected /r/askscience to go dark. With that being the case, we'd of course stay open. But now this subreddit has chosen to stay open. Naturally, I have to shut down /r/shittyaskscience. I don't even know how to make a subreddit private, though. Do I like, just delete the entire thing?
[deleted]
You could always do what /r/listentothis did and disable posting for the time being.
[deleted]
I'd go private, the admins won't read this post, and going private will prove a point to the admins (hopefully) that revenue is not the heart of this site.
This is not normal reddit drama. Hundreds of subs are going dark. The problems they perceive have reached a boiling point and they have said enough, time for something to give. If you, as a whole, honestly agree with the reasons they are going private then you should either go private as well or just stay out of it completely. This is a movement based on action, they aren't looking for cheerleaders.
NASA could successfully land a man on a planet in another galaxy and we still wouldn't have this many upvotes.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would support going dark for a day. 
Good call /u/MockDeath, [keeping it classy.](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-11542-NPH-thumbs-up-gif-Imgur-Swi2.gif) 
Mods are finally realizing that they're the slaves building the pyramids...
What a day...
Just do it. It says more.
I am surprised that /r/askscience, of all subreddits, is acting emotionally when presented with a one-sided story and a lack of information.
This will absolutely get buried, but as a reader of reddit and semi causal contributor, the loss of AskReddit and Movies is a huge shame to the community I have grown to enjoy over the past few years. I have no real clue what's going on, and don't much care for online politics or power trips, but I will miss reading and contributing to the communities.
The internet is powered by nerd's opinions.  

Take those opinions away or hide them from view and EVERYTHING STOPS GUYS, EVERYTHING.
This is the right thing to do if you love science. 

Science is about teaching and learning, and to shut down this sub would deny people the ability to learn and teach others.
Great to see so many subreddits taking action. It's about time, a significant proportion of users have seemed unhappy with the administration of the site for quite a while now.
Turn Private.
I don't know much about the backstory of all this but since askscience is supposed to be a sensible rational sub is it possible that she was let go for some kind of serious ethical breach of conduct?  I have no reason to believe this is the case and am not defending her... I'm only saying that if reddit had a legitimate reason for letting her go then what's been going on tonight is a profoundly unjust response.

Perhaps reddit should have said something in their defense by now...

But I like reddit and it would be a shame if they suffered serious damage to their reputation and fanbase if it wasn't warranted.

On the other hand if Victoria was fired because she didn't conform to some corporate vision of what reddit should be... well let'em fry.
How do I, a faceless Reddit user, show solidarity with the moderators?  The /r/science subreddit was one of my favorites and I'm going to miss it.
I knew I should have went to bed early.  I JUST looked at the list of closed subs and was pumped that this one was up.  I read a few posts every night before bed.  This is really messing my routine! Guess I'll head over to xkcd now.  
Is this a temporary change?
Hey, actions speak louder than words here. I think we should take it down, show some solidarity with the other subs.
I support the decision. This sub is about science, not politics. It is also very early in the debacle. 

EDIT: Told you so.
Ok I read the summary and a bunch of comments and I still have no idea what is going on. Who are these people mad at and what does going "private" do to get them back. I know reddit has gotten weird lately. I have been banned from 4 subs in a month after going 2 years of never being banned. So I am a little furious myself but I guess I should have expected retaliation after Ellen Pao lost her frivolous lawsuit. 
Thank you for staying open. I don't think shutting down a community is the right way to go about voicing disapproval.
I just wanted to stop by and say I appreciate your use of tabs.
An honorable gesture, but maybe going private for a day or two is really the right thing to do. Pao needs to go. People are jumping ship to sites like Voat left and right and we have literally no transparancy on why victoria was fired or why a lot of different aspects of reddit are seeing so much sensorship
Reddit is no longer a open and free commons.  It is and will be used to manipulate public perception, flee
The fatal flaw with Reddit is the "my way or the highway" culture of the staff and, in turn, many of the mods.  If you have a serious problem or objection, there's not much you can do but go private, leave entirely, or if you're a user get banned.
Ah, civil disobedience on Reddit.  Why not.  For that matter, why one sector and not another?  So, Reddit is decentralized and this is like anarchy inching its way in to the inside in hopes of forcing some kind of transparency and responsibility.  I'm not sure I understand where the money comes from to pay the woman who was helping to administer AMA in the first place.  This all reminds me of the headless horseman riding around looking for his target, but he's headless!  Anyway, wow, I just hope that Reddit can survive losing one of its subreddits.  We'll keep our fingers crossed, and hope that it motivates Reddit, whoever is behind the curtain that is, to check in with everyone before making any moves.

[removed]
It's a tough call as to what the proper route of action is.  On one hand, the whole closing of subs thing looks really immature, and tantrum-y.  On the other hand, it's very clear that many large subs have been having serious issues with the admins, that are obviously not being addressed.

I definitely respect a post like this more than just making a sub private, and leaving the average users to have to dig through the wreckage to find reasonable info.
Wait, so you have one employee that is so critical to the operation that if something happens to her, everything goes bonkers?   This is a problem with Reddit management not recognizing this situation and letting an employee set them self up as an irreplaceable employee.   The problem is not Reddit letting this person go, it's an inherent organization problem.  They should have someone ready to back up this "key" employee at all times.   
Going private is the only recourse we have for expressing our dissatisfaction. Reddit admins unfortunately do not realize that we're the ones who power reddit.

----------------------------
*Signature*: I stand [in solidarity](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3bxduw/why_was_riama_along_with_a_number_of_other_large/) with /u/chooter and the hard-working volunteers that keep reddit running. Reddit, Inc: Please realize that reddit will not exist without them or us. For an alternative to reddit, check out [Voat.co](https://www.voat.co/).
Thank you for keeping your sub open. /r/askscience is a beaming example of why people like me love reddit. Not just because you have real scientists answering questions, but the idea that people of all walks of life can chime in and give you real insight on a topic or discussion.
  
I've learned so much from the people on Reddit that I've been influenced to pay it forward my own personal stories of child abuse, producing porn, how I built my Lego room, and working in visual effects for 13 years. And there are many people like me on this site that we all could learn from.
Don't worry, guys; 

/r/wtf /r/watchpeopledie and /r/spacedicks are still up
Thanks for ruinning my typical reddit filled night....guess i need a life now......
Victoria wasn't the only casualty btw...other non cali users were booted too @kickme444 
I don't fully understand what this message is about, what issue the moderators have with the Reddit staff, etc... 

Could someone explain? I would appreciate a reply that is to the point; a bulleted list if possible. 
This seems to be a site-wide problem and should also concern r/askscience. As the admins and mods are setting more and more restrictions as to how we can interact with each other, people use the downvote button a lot more instead of arguing for their opinions and positions. Content worth disputing and fighting over is being marginalized by getting downvoted by the hive-mind, which is a damn shame. I come here to exchange ideas with other people, not to get reaffirmation of what I think to be true in the first place. Sometimes things might get heated and/or out of hand, but the freedom for this to happen has always been part of the equation that made reddit such a great place.

One day an AskScience question (or its answer) might conflict with the message of a big advertiser on the site and get removed. The day that happens we wish we would have stood up today in solidarity.
[deleted]
I've never seen a 97% upvoted post before, how about that?
The moderators here have always done what's right. Thanks, guys.
go private even for just a day, or even a symbolic 1 hour
We should all stop buying reddit gold in protest.

When it starts affecting reddit's bottom line directly, maybe they'll learn a thing or two.
Is there a current list of all subreddit that have closed?
I don't like it but I respect it. 
What is the evolutionary reason for this reaction?
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2484 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/93361)
So your telling me to go to voat? Understood.
Fire Pao
Admins won't see this post, but they'll notice if another sub with nearly 6 million subscribers goes dark. 

I vote close, at least for now. 
Not really a frequent user on /r/askscience nor do I really care much at all about the whole situation, but this is the best way to deal with it. Keeping your sub open to your subscribers while also emphasizing your disagreement with the decisions made by reddit upper management is the best course of action.
I can appreciate standing by in solidarity, and absolutely appreciate the fact that you decided not to fuck over the readers because you're mad at the administration.

All Hail Science!
Meh, I think you should go private like all the other ones. It's clear the administration doesn't care about these types of shit posts and will continue to crap on you guys every chance they get
Typical Reddit over-reaction to anything and everything. I'm happy to see that /r/askscience isn't over-reacting like all the other subs. She could have been fired for a legitimate reason. 
It is very nice to show solidarity by posting these messages but i guess more drastic actions should be taken until censor-loving management of reddit gets changed. I would love to see all sub reddits goes private until some changes in reddit management.
We have not gone private because.. we are spineless. If only a few buses stop running in a boycott, the boycott doesn't work.
Go silent, it's fine. Victoria rocks and her demise reeks of the end of why so many of us will end up on whatever forum takes over the blueprint and provides a place for the idea exchange we come here for.  We will find a way, a place. 
Too soft.  Why can't people get really angry?  Too much fluoride in Your water? 
"Don't break the site or do anything that interferes with normal use of the site."

Mods should be banned from the system and replace the mod teams of those subs.  
K/u/kickme444 - AKA redditgifts guy has just said he has left reddit. He says on twitter it is not his decision
Thank you for responding maturely to that situation.
Stop Buying Gold
[removed]
You see, those are just words. The other subs took action, it's disrespectful to want the attention they're getting without doing any of the sacrifice
Go Private!
go private
First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out—

Because I was not a Socialist.

Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out—

Because I was not a Trade Unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—

Because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for me—

and there was no one left to speak for me.
Your team is wrong, and you should be going dark with the rest.  If you really feel an injustice has been done here, don't back it with words.  Back it with action.
Thanks for not being childish like others.
Sticky this post please.
That ought to really show em 
admins arent doing good job so subreddits punish people who want to post, gj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Maybe Voat.co will get their servers upgraded pretty soon.
you should have kept the sub private for a few days.. if everyone opens back up it shows that they can do whatever and the community wont band together and stop the bullshit. 
"1 Reason Why Buzzfeed Doesn't Have Any New Content"
Statements mean nothing with action
god damnit more reddit drama gg. I just want /r/4chan back so I can be depressed and look at my memes, is that too hard to ask?
Fuck Reddit, it has been bought out.  Start packing or digg away
Hey thanks for not going private. No point in making the common user suffer.
The admins have always been bullies and I'm glad more people are exposing them.
hey don buy glod
***GO DARK!!!!!!!!*** 

Saying "boo hoo we're mad, but we'll allow more traffic." is the laziest form of protest I've seen. The MOST you have to do is make it go dark. You don't even have to leave your house yet you're *still* doing the least amount you could. 

#Disappointed.
Pull the plug man, its for the good of the community.
if she got fired for the Question she asked Jesse ill be super pissed, i would like some info on why she was let go, i think after an uproar like this you have no choice but to address why, also if she was fired for the Questions i will never come back to Reddit till they change CEO
>So far, /r/AskReddit[52] , /r/Books[53] , /r/science[54] , /r/Music[55] , /r/gaming[56] , /r/history[57] , /r/Art[58] , /r/videos[59] , /r/gadgets[60] , /r/todayilearned[61] , /r/Documentaries[62] , /r/LifeProTips[63] , and /r/movies[64] have followed /r/IAmA[65] in making themselves private. In addition, /r/listentothis[66] has disabled all submissions[67] , and so has /r/pics[68] and /r/Jokes[69] has announced its support[70] (but has not gone private). Major subreddits, including /r/4chan[71] , /r/circlejerk[72] and /r/ImGoingToHellForThis[73] , have also expressed solidarity through going private. 

Thank God. /r/all is worth reading again. 
Doing something like this based on info you don't even have about business that's none of ours? How un-sciency of you.

Edit: oh wait... you didn't make it private? Nevermind then. Good call.
Thanks For Not Punishing The Users Over Something They Have No Control Over.
Go private, it's the only way to make a stand. 
Stand up for your principles and darken the subreddit.  There is nothing more pathetic in life than someone who speaks to take a stance in something, but does absolutely nothing.  Seriously, absolutely pathetic.
You idiots realize AMA went private because of *logistics*, right?
Here is the deal though...This isn't just about Victoria being canned, it is really about where Reddit goes as a site... Check out this Quora Post: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CI9iYW7VAAAzzJN.png 

Do we want Reddit to become just a cesspool of commercialization (I mean, for the past few years, it has been heading that way, but isn't full bore yet) or do we want subreddits to continue their autonomy and be able to do what they choose?

I respect the position /r/science mods have taken, but disagree about the reasons for it.
[deleted]
Go dark!
Actions speak louder than words.
I'm very happy this sub is not giving into the hysteria.
[deleted]
Oh good, at least this sub isn't being childish like all the others...
Another experiment.
[removed]
Could it be a publicity stunt?

Hey /u/MockDeath,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
I can't thank you guys enough
Fight the power!

E = mc^2
And now this is no longer on the front page...
Well I guess shit is really hitting the fan...

I also gotta keep this science related so here is a hi-res pic of the butterfly nebula or "NGC 6302". One of my favorite nebula pics and makes a great desktop wallpaper.
I use AMRC typo browser Reddit on my phone and I can still go to r/books. Does the app get  past the private seeing or something? 
Group suicide?
Oh, reddit...
I have my pitch fork out. Who are we going after this time?
Why can't the admins just take over her position? That's their job anyway. Stop bringing down other subreddits for no reason. 
I joined reddit two days ago. And now I can't read half of the awesome stuff I joined it for.
What happens if I add oxygen and sprite? 
12 of the 22 links to subredits that are on the very top of every page are closed. The users have brought on strike more then half of the main site.
I guess you guys are in damage control. May Gods will be done 
This is bs, mot of this subreddits had valuable information from where one could get reminded of somethihng without needing to ask any questions.
http://wp.patheos.com.s3.amazonaws.com/blogs/godandthemachine/files/2014/03/walter_peck_shutitoff-1.jpg
Archive it instead?
Yes!

It would not be bravery to risk your prestigious position as a moderator to do what is right, but it is cowardice to cling to it and do what is wrong.
To be fair its you as the mods of this subreddit decision in the matter. 

However, I feel actions always trump over words.  Now the idea of actions doesn't need to be malicious in nature but the fact of doing something you give the impression your more committed to the cause than just saying you are.

Thank you for going private, I'm tired of people putting politics before quality.
Why is it that during winter it's not uncommon to have days with abnormally high temperature and summer-like weather, but in the summer it never drops to winter-like weather for a day?
I live in the USA Midwest
Hmm, lots of incomplete answers here.

Take a look at [this graph](https://www.e-education.psu.edu/earth103/sites/www.e-education.psu.edu.earth103/files/module03/fig8sol.png) of solar intensity vs latitude.  As you can see, the summer pole receives about as much sunlight as the equator (actually, slightly more because of the 24-hour days in the arctic circle!).  On the other hand, there's a huge difference in energy provided to the equator vs the completely dark winter pole.   As a result, there's a huge difference in temperature between the winter pole and the equator, and not so much between the summer pole and equator.

But that just explains changes in temperature vs *latitude*, not changes over time, so let's think about weather systems.  Storms are created by the north-south temperature gradient: as heat moves from equator to pole, a small amount of it is converted into kinetic energy.  Heat flow causes motion, just like a very inefficient steam or gasoline engine.  When the temperature difference is large, the "engine" runs faster and more efficiently, creating more kinetic energy -- which is to say the storm winds blow stronger when the pole-equator temperature difference is large.

So.  In the wintertime, the difference in solar heating creates a much larger equator-pole temperature difference than in the summer.  This creates much stronger wind patterns.  So you've got stronger winds, blowing a bigger temperature gradient around across the surface of the Earth ... so you see much bigger temperature shifts from day to day.

Edited to add some examples.  Here are views of temperatures and winds at the 500 mbar level [in northern hemisphere summer](https://earth.nullschool.net/#2017/08/19/1800Z/wind/isobaric/500hPa/overlay=temp/orthographic=-66.65,42.29,316) (last August 19) and [northern hemisphere winter](https://earth.nullschool.net/#2018/02/19/1800Z/wind/isobaric/500hPa/overlay=temp/orthographic=-66.65,42.29,316) (yesterday).  Colors indicate temperature contrast (purple is colder), streaks indicate wind direction and speed.
In Australia - where there's ocean to the south of us all the way to Antarctica - we can get cold fronts during the middle of summer that can bring freezing conditions at altitude, e.g. [like this event in 2006.](https://www.theage.com.au/news/national/victorias-white-christmas/2006/12/25/1166895228377.html) Like /u/TheRealNooth and /u/seasaltandpepper explained, to the north of the US is a landmass which transfers heat more quickly than water, thus it doesn't have the chance to remain cool in summer or warm in winter like the Southern Ocean does.
The summer equivalent to a warm winter day would be a cold night.  Summer in many climates is quite humid.  On a cool night, the temperature will often drop to the dew point or a little below, and dew will drop out of the air.  A phase change from water vapor to liquid water entails removing a larger amount of energy than just changing the temperature, and so the temperature tends to stop dropping fast when it hits the dew point.  

If the temperature had been able to drop lower overnight, the next day wouldn't get nearly as warm and could be like a winter day.

Deserts typically get colder at night than similarly warm humid places.  Part of that is the lack of cloud cover but part of of it also the lack of this dew point clamping effect.
In the U.S. Midwest you have the cold Arctic to the North of you and the warm Tropics to the South of you.
In the higher latitudes (north), you have a winter where it is pretty much always cold. Arctic winters don't have warm winter days like in the Midwest. In the tropics it is pretty much always summer. It is hot year-round.

During a Midwest winter sometimes the air will blow down from the north and be very cold, but sometimes it will blow from the south and be warmer. There might be a 100F difference or more between northern Canada and the equator. Cold northern winter air and warm tropical air meet in the middle and we experience some of that large temperature difference.

During a Midwest summer, the same thing happens except that the arctic is now also experiencing summer. Northern Canada is now warmer so there might only be a 40F difference between northern Canada and the equator. The midwest still experiences some cooler air traveling down from the north, but it isn't nearly as cool, so we don't experience nearly as large a difference in temperature.

The other factor involved is exactly where the cold arctic air and the warm tropical air meet. In the winter, they meet much further south while in the summer they meet farther north. This boundary is basically the polar front jet stream, which you can see from this [diagram](https://climate.ncsu.edu/images/edu/polar_front_summer_winter.jpg) is located further south in the winter. You can view the current jet stream maps [here](http://squall.sfsu.edu/gif/jetstream_init_00.gif). You can compare that to this [map](http://www.intellicast.com/National/Temperature/Current.aspx) which shows generally warmer temperatures south of the jet stream and colder temperatures north of the jet stream. 
[removed]
This is a really great question, and it would take me several hours that I don't have to put together a complete and understandable response. But I'll put some basic points below:

Firs, it's hard to quantify something that is kind of abstract like the phenomenon you describe, but it does have a basis in truth. [Using Chicago as an example](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Climate_of_Chicago#Data): In January, the average temperature (not the average high or low, the average overall temperature) is 20.8F (-6.2C). The record high in January is 67F (19C) and the record low is -33F (-36C). That's a departure of +46F and -54F between the average temperature and the record highs and lows. In contrast: in July the average temperature is 71.7F (22.1C). The record July high is 111F (44C) and the record low is 40F (4C). That's a similar departure for the record high (+39F) but a much lower departure for the record low (-32F).

So what is the cause of this discrepancy? This is due to many factors, most of which are hard to explain at anything less than a college level, but I will aim for high-school level and see how I do.


**1. Thermal radiation**

The major contributing cause has to do with the different phenomena that cause air to cool down vs warm up. Ignoring small effects, air cools down almost solely due to [thermal radiation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermal_radiation) escaping into space. Thermal radiation is a very important phenomenon that is sadly misunderstood by many (because it is often poorly explained, even by physics teachers!), but in a nutshell, all matter, everywhere in the universe, emits [electromagnetic radiation](https://www.livescience.com/38169-electromagnetism.html), and the amount of energy it releases via this radiation goes up as the temperature goes up, and down as the temperature goes down. The earth and air are no exception, they are both constantly releasing thermal radiation, and without external sources of heat they would be constantly cooling off.

Ignoring effects from clouds and the atmosphere absorbing and re-emitting the thermal radiation (these effects are not negligible, but not important to this explanation) it gets cooler at night because the ground and air are emitting thermal radiation out to space. This is a slow process, that is made even slower by the fact that as it cools down, it emits less energetic thermal radiation, so the rate of cooling slows down as the temperature drops.

This is all in contrast to the way the earth heats up: via light from the sun. Sunlight is (roughly) constant and [very energetic compared to the weak infrared radiation released by the earth and its air](http://faculty.icc.edu/easc111lab/labs/labi/waveradi.jpg). Even a very small amount of sun is enough to offset the cooling by earth's thermal radiation, so in the summer, with long sunny days and short nights, there just isn't much time for the temperatures to drop significantly.

**2. Polar day vs. polar night (summer vs. winter)**

*Note that the following explanation is specific to the [mid-latitudes](http://isen.northwestern.edu/sites/default/files/images/articles/2016/oct/Horton_globe_widgetLARGE2.png), which are areas which are not in the tropics and not near the north or south pole. It is also northern-hemisphere-specific, you need to flip the directions if you're in the southern hemisphere.*

Going along with the above point, it's worth pointing out that, when it's very cold out, the air that you're feeling didn't get that way just because of nighttime cooling: it's almost always because that air came from a much colder region. Cool/cold snaps, both in winter and summer, result from winds blowing from the north. Likewise, heat waves are usually due to air which originated further south, just because areas further south have the sun closer to overhead, and so the [solar heating is stronger](http://shrinkthatfootprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/irradiance1.jpg).

In the winter, the polar regions are in a constant night, meaning that unless warmer air is pushed up from the south, the air will just continually get colder, and colder. So even though radiational cooling as explained above gets slower and slower as you get colder, this can result in **very** cold temperatures over the course of weeks and months of constant night! 

On the other hand, in the summer, the northern arctic is in constant daylight. The sun is at a low angle for sure, but even this feeble heating influence is enough to counteract most of the cooling due to thermal radiation, and it means that any air pushing south to create a cold snap will start at a much higher temperature, and even if it doesn't warm up at all as it moves south (in reality it will be warming up at least a little) it just won't be the extreme, below-zero cold that is possible in the winter.

**3. Humidity's restriction on cooling air**

The existence of water vapor means that heating-vs-cooling is not an even process: for all intents and purposes, you can heat air indefinitely without hitting any barriers, but if you cool off air that has some water vapor in it, eventually you will reach the dew point: the temperature at which the humidity is 100%. When you cool down to that temperature, water vapor will start to condense into a liquid (or solid), which is an exothermic (heat-releasing) process. This means that any further cooling will be much slower, because of this extra energy that is constantly being released by the condensing water.

Because average temperatures are higher in the summer, average humidities are also higher (outside of desert areas that have very little liquid water available to evaporate). This means that it is very hard to get the right circumstances in the summer to get very cold temperatures.

**tl;dr: Unfortunately I really don't have one. It's a complicated subject with complicated causes. I tried to keep the above as simple as possible, go ahead and give it a try!**

Well, this answer got way longer than I thought it would, and it doesn't even really come close to the full explanation I wish I could type up. But let me know if you have any follow-up questions, and I'll try to clarify things as much as possible!
It actually does happen. Ok, the first one that came in my mind wasn’t in summer, it was in May. But same idea. 

“Temperatures have plummeted in the past two days from 28 degrees Celsius (82 degrees Fahrenheit) on Saturday to 0.3 degrees Celsius on Monday.  (.....) However forecasts for the next few days predict temperatures soaring back above 20 degrees Celsius. “ 

https://www.sott.net/article/245456-First-Time-in-50-Years-Snow-Hits-Bosnian-Capital
2 basic reasons.


TL:DR
1.  Artic air is colder in the winter than it is in the summer so you don't get real cold swings in summer, Tropical air masses are basically the same temperature in winter and summer, so if it does make it to the Midwest in winter it will still be warm leading to a larger temperature swing.
2.  The Jetstream is stronger and closer to the Midwest in the winter.


1.  The area around the north pole goes through temperature changes.  In the winter it is really cold(about -30F), so when that cold air gets pulled down into the Midwest it is really cold and we get to deal with all the wonderful things that cold weather brings.  In the summer that artic air is much warmer(37-54F).  So even if you get air coming south from the artic in summer it is not as cold to begin with and with much more energy being added along the way by the sun in summer it will not be nearly as cold as it is in the winter when it arrives.  Now for the opposite.  The temperature in the tropics is almost constant.  So no matter what time of year it is the same temperature air will be coming up.  So in winter, that tropical air is the same temperature as it is in summer and we notice a spring like warmup in the Midwest.
2.  The jet stream position is such that it is just south of the Midwest in winter but still close enough that a small shift can bring up warm air.  In the summer the jet stream is much farther North meaning a large shift, much larger than in winter would need to occur to pull artic air down to the Midwest.  Add to this that it is weaker in the summer and stronger in the winter and you are more likely to get large temperature swings in winter than you are in the summer.
[removed]
[removed]
[Chinook wind](http://https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinook_wind) is one cause of the warm air during winter. Essentially, you get warm air coming over a mountain that can displace the cooler air. I can't think of a similar weather phenomenon for summer to winter-like weather. 
Just a reminder that /r/AskScience aims to provide in-depth answers that are accurate, up to date, and on topic.

In particular **anecdotes are not permitted**, especially as a top level comment. This is not the right subreddit to discuss what is your local weather is. So far we have had to remove more than 80% of the comments because most of them are along the lines of "Funny. In Alabama it's 74°f atm", "I am from North Canton, Ohio. I have no idea what you are talking about" or "..You’ve obviously never been to England".
I run a site that alerts on watches and warnings issued by Environment Canada and I've stored them for a few years.  They issue a Frost Warning when "during the growing season" ... "widespread frost formation is expected over an extensive area"  (https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/types-weather-forecasts-use/public/criteria-alerts.html#frost). 

I used frost as an indicator of non-summer like weather "during the growing season" and I looked back at Regina (middle of the Canadian prairies more or less) and here's what I found:



Year | Frost Warnings
----|--------------
2014 | 4
2015 | 6
2016 | 1
2017 | 2

Now that's hardly a definitive list of what may constitute "winter weather" in summer, but it should show that it certainly does happen .
Its because the longwave pattern during the summer is zonal and the long wave pattern in the winter in meridonal. The longwave pattern in the typical of the polar front jet which is the boundary between cold and warm air. It moves north during the summer and becomes zonal (flattened and straighter). In the Winter cold air forces its way south which causes the PFJ more meridonal (which is more like a steep sine wave. Cold air is +N of the jet and Warm air is -N of the jet. So, long story short, summer is more static in temperature due to the PFJ where winter is more erratic due to the variations in the PFJ. I taught meteorology for a few years for the USAF.  
Changes in air mass. High pressure keeps low pressure out and during summer the influx of solar radiation strengthens high press regions so low pressure is restricted to higher latitudes. During winter there is less solar radiation so high pressure systems weaken/retrograde and that allows low pressure to encroach closer toward the equator. 
[removed]
[removed]
It DOES happen, but it is rare.

But why do we have more warm days in winter than cold days in summer?

Thermodynamics.  In the summer, everything collects and holds heat.  The ground, the air, buildings, roads, cars, all of it.  The sun, even on a cloudy day, is constantly adding heat to every lighted surface.

There are no mechanisms other than convection (heating gas) conduction (heating solids or liquids) or radiation (pure energy via infrared) to move heat.  If there is no point source of low temperature, temperatures cannot fall.

A cold front, or storm can bring in cold air from far away, or high in the air, but other than that, there are few viable 'sources' of cold to provide low temperatures in summer.

But in the winter, there is always a source of heat, at least part of the day.  The sun.  Add some warm air or a storm that formed over warm water, and you can get a warm day in winter.

TLDR: There are few 'sources' of cold (low heat) in summer, but there is always a source of heat in winter.
[Here](https://weather.com/sports-recreation/ski/news/5-extreme-temperature-drops-20130118#/1) is an article on Weather.com that describes multiple such instances. As others have alluded to it’s all to do with air currents and in these particular instances the specific geography around them comes into play.
[removed]
There is thing called the polar front jet and during the summer time but tends to be zonal which is sort of a long flat wave pattern. During the winter time this jet moves south and becomes move wavey and when it becomes wavey it brings with it frontal systems. In the frot of these waved is warm air and behind are cold air. In the summer time weather changed tend to be gradual.
[removed]
Because heat is created by the sun that does exist. But cold is a result of the lack of a heat source. The sun makes its appearance felt when conditions make it possible during the winter months. On the other hand in the summer when the sun is  in its closest position for higher heat.  It ( the heat source) does not disappear or move further from the earth. And when it’s real cloudy or a storm arises it is not enough of a shield to stop the heat sources impact on the environment. 
[removed]
[removed]
If we could travel at 99.9% the speed of light, it would take 4 years to get to Alpha Centauri. Would the people on the spaceship feel like they were stuck on board for 4 years or would it feel shorter for them?

The [time dilation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_dilation) factor is (1 - f^2 )^0.5 , where f is the fraction of light speed.

(This means that the ~~experienced travel time~~ **time that passes inside the ship** approaches 0 as f approaches 1. If you could travel arbitrarily close to light speed, you would experience the journey as effectively instantaneous.)

Here's a calculator for it: http://www.emc2-explained.info/Dilation-Calc/

At .999c (99.9% light speed) it calculates that time is slowed down to 4.47% of the outside value. That means four years are experienced as approximately 65 days.

Edit: fixed the wording. This is literally the time that passes for the ship. It affects everything, from atomic clocks to metabolisms to brain activity.
Nope, time dilation is a cool part of special relativity. At 99.9% the speed of light the trip would be 0.17 ish years to the occupants of the spaceship. The closer you get to 100%, ie. add more 9’s to the end of your percentage, the faster the trip would feel to the occupants. Here’s a cool calculator site you can play with to see these effects. http://www.emc2-explained.info/Dilation-Calc/#.XESiMRZlCEc

-edit This seems to be a frequent question and it’s a good one. How would you age? The traveler would age relative to the time they experience. So on this trip while everyone on earth experienced 4 years, you’d only age a few months! Take a long enough trip and you might just outlive your own grandchildren!


-edit2 Time dilation has been proven experimentally using very precise measurements. Here's a link to an article for some further reading. https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/einsteins-time-dilation-prediction-verified/

Also, as some have pointed out, it would take a long time to accelerate to these speeds at 1g and would require a HUGE amount of energy to do so. Definitely not practical with current propulsion technologies. I have heard that large solar sails might be able to accelerate small probes to high speeds 20-30% c which would be a cool thing to see. 

-edit3 For those curious about the solar sail probe, if you google StarShot you’ll find a lot of info about it. https://breakthroughinitiatives.org/initiative/3

-edit4 As many have pointed out, time dilation is a direct result of the length contraction observed by the traveling body. Also, thanks for for the gifts kind strangers.

-edit5 Another fun link thanks to /u/konstantinua00 talking about relativistic effects on mission duration http://convertalot.com/relativistic_star_ship_calculator.html
Another good fictional example of time dilation can be found in the Ender Quintet (the first five books of the [series](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ender%27s_Game_(series))  that began with Ender's Game). Basically, boy wins war and leaves on a colony ship to meet the descendents of the soldiers he commanded to win the war, with only like two years having passed for him.
Yes, time would pass slower aboard the ship than it would appear to from our perspective.

For a fixed duration 4 year journey at a constant speed (no acceleration or deceleration)

At 99.9% C only 65 days would pass from the perspective of the crew

At 99.9999999999% of C only 3 minutes would pass from the perspective of the crew

A 4ly distance traveling at 100%, 99.9999999999% and 99.9% C from earths perspective would take 4 years, 4 years ~1 day, 4years ~2 days respectively.

Edit: It doesn't *just* "feel" like 65 days / 3 minutes passes. That's how much time actually passes from that frame of reference. Time (and space) is literally dilated. You would only age by that amount, you would only need to eat that amount of food, because that is the amount of time that has elapsed.
Interesting fact I read somewhere, astronauts who have spent any substantial time on the ISS are actually a few seconds? (Can't remember exactly how much) younger than if they had stayed on earth. All relative of course.
Every few months I read something about time dilation then end up going down a rabbit hole until I finally have a very basic understanding of how it works. Then I spend a few days contemplating existence. Then, because I'm not very smart, I forget exactly how it all works, and forget about it at all. Then, a few months later, I read something about time dilation.

Thanks, Reddit. I was looking forward to the next week of my life.
Interesting you ask, there is a fantastic novel called "time for the stars" by Robert Heinlein that illustrates the point. The main character is on a "torchship" headed first for alpha centauri and the trip only takes 8 or 9 months for the people on board, whereas to the outside observer on Earth it's been closer to a decade or so. 

Another plot point is the fact that the character is a twin and has a psychic link to his twin back on Earth. Thus allowing them to communicate in real time even when traditional communications would break down at such speeds. His brother grows older and they eventually lose their link because they change too much as people. 
The time dilation factor (Lorentz Factor) can be calculated by the equation: 1 / sqrt(1 - (v/c)^2 ).  Note that v/c is your speed relative to the speed of light (.999 in this case).  For a speed of .999c, we get a Lorentz factor of 22.37
  
This means that for every 22.37 years in the reference frame of Earth, one year occurs in the reference frame of the spaceship.  

This is not a mere illusion or change in how time is experienced, but an actual dilation of space-time.  Relative velocity causes dilation in spacetime, leading to many counter intuitive phenomena.  One of my favourites is that events that are simultaneous in one reference frame are not necessarily simultaneous in another.
Hello everyone,

We're getting lots of great follow-up questions from this thread, so I just want to point out that we have an [FAQ section](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/physics#wiki_light_and_special_relativity) related to light speed and Einstein's special relativity. Check it out, if you're interested.

Cheers.
Nope, it'd feel much shorter, by a factor of ~22.4. Their overall trip would feel like 2 months, but the distance they'd appear to travel would also be scrunched in the direction of their travel, by the same factor. 

There's this browser game called [Velocity Raptor](https://testtubegames.com/velocityraptor.html)  where the villian of the game has reduced the speed of light to just 3m/s (about double human walking speed). I highly recommend it, and I think it won an award or two. The physics engine of the game accounts for the pedestrian speed of light accurately (it uses all of the actual equations), and gives you an intuitive feel for weird relativistic effects that you then have to use to progress through the levels.
[removed]
OP, you should read The Forever War. It's a novel set throughout our future, and a lot of it deals with the consequences of such fast space travel. You follow a character who ends up experiencing many eras of humanity in the universe over time as each time they really their destination it's been so many years for humanity that things are drastically different from when and why they set out.
Particles moving at the speed of light but having mass always bothered me.

Doesn't this imply that for mass less particles, they do not age?  And since time is cause and events, doesn't this also imply that mass less particles (electrons, photons, etc.) do not interact with our universe because we live in a place of cause and effect?  How does physics take this into account when describing the photoelectric effect?
Since speed is relative (we’re traveling x mph around the sun, the sun is traveling y mph around the Milky Way and the Milky Way is traveling z mph etc etc) how do all of those different speeds interact together? Is the whole Milky Way galaxy’s “speed” different to other galaxies? What about a galaxy going the same speed, but in the opposite direction? Isn’t it’s speed 2x as fast relative to is than vs a fixed point? 
It would feel shorter due to the effects of special relativity, where if you are traveling close to the speed of light time moves slower for you relative to an external observer.  


According to this calculation: [if you travel 99.9% the speed of light to go 4 light years, it would take 0.17 years in the perspective of the astronaut while the people on Earth would see the spacecraft take 4 years.](http://www.emc2-explained.info/Dilation-Calc/#.XES91S2ZMUs)
I'm legitimately confused by these responses. If AC is 4 light years away, that means it takes four years for light to travel there from here or vice-versa. This means that traveling at 99.9% the speed of light, it would *still take* four years to get there. How would four years only be 65 days for the crew of that ship? Time dilates the faster you go, but does that mean the light emanating from AC only "feels like" 65 days have passed since leaving that part of space?
It would appear to be nearly instant from their point of view. Light traveling at the speed of light arrives at the same time that it left from its perspective. There would be far more time spent accelerating and accelerating at a rate a human could handle than there would be at .999 c. If accelerating at 322 ft/s2 (10 times earth gravity), it would take 35 days (to an outside observer) to accelerate to 980,000,000 ft/s \~c and the same to decelerate.

&#x200B;

Edit: Maths is hard
If you really want your mind blown consider that from the perspective of a photon traveling at the speed light it gets absorbed at it's destination (no matter how distant) the instant it's created. 

As a bonus consider that as you approach the speed light your mass approaches infinite. This is not true of photons because they have no mass, yet some how still have momentum which can be exploited using a light sail.
Yes and no.

The occupants of the spacecraft would have time pass at their normal rate, the clocks on their ship would tick normally and they would age normally.

However:
The time of the objects they are zooming passt would be massively slowed down due to its enormous relative speed and anyone looking into the ship passing them would see time pass incredibly slowly on the ship, again due to its relative speed.

However 2 - relativistic boogaloo:
When travelling at relativistic speeds the space around you contracts if the speed difference is relativistic, thus the trip to alpha centauri would seem like they barely travelled any distance at all and would in fact take a rather short time.

So no they would not be cooped up in there for 4 years.

Special relativity is actually very simple once you wrap your head around the inertial reference frames (who's viewing what) which is the difficult part conceptually.

For people in the ship it would seem that they got to their destination almost instantly because the more you approach the speed of light, the more time approaches a zero value (t=0) which would mean zero time has passed. For people observing from earth it would look like the trip lasted for 4 years.
I finally find a question that I have the answer for! I’m an AstroPhysics Major and we’re just going over Relativity this week. The closer you get to the speed of light, the more the forces of time dilation affect you. So at nearly the entire speed of light, the actual time (aka “proper time”) they would feel on board would be closer to about 0.178* years.

Edit: Math. Changed the number due to comment, changed back because I checked and saw I was right.
So if I got into a space ship and flew at nearly light speed in circles around the earth, it would take only a few minutes for me, but it would be years for those on earth? Can this be used to effectively time travel into the future? I could take off, fly around for 10 minutes and when I land, 100 could have passed?
It gets even better than this:

If you get in your spaceship and accelerate at 1g for 12.5 years in one direction. Turn around and slowdown at 1g for another 12.5 years. 

Then to return "home" you head back at 1g acceleration for 12.5 years, and then slow down for 12.5 years to arrive "home" 

This is all ship time, so for you 50 years have gone by. Also, we need to ignore the expansion of the universe during this time. But when you look around you might find things have changed in the 50 years since you left seeing that 70 Billion (yes billion) years have gone by on earth (or whatever it has become).

From the perspective of the Earth, the trip would take four years, but the crew would seem to have experienced time dilation: their years take longer than one Earth year, so they believe the trip was less than four years.

From the perspective of the ship, however, it seems like the distance between the planets itself shrinks, so of course their trip took less than four years. They would also think that time ran forwards for the people on Earth.
A lot of curious people here on time dilation and spatial contraction. You guys should check out:

[http://gamelab.mit.edu/games/a-slower-speed-of-light/](http://gamelab.mit.edu/games/a-slower-speed-of-light/) , a game by MIT in which you collect orbs that gradually reduce the speed limit of light, so that you experience relativistic effects even at walking or running speed. It even illustrates redshift/blueshift effects! Epilepsy warning though
Imagine for a moment that the experienced passage of time is basically an automatic pendulum experiencing itself swinging back and forth in a liquid. Let's say 1 back and forth is 1 hour.

That liquid is space.

Time dilation happens when you move that pendulum through the liquid at any significant speed. It's still trying to swing but the back swing takes a lot longer now because of the resistance from the liquid. Eventually you reach a point where the pendulum can no longer swing back because it's moving too fast through the liquid. So the pendulum stops experiencing time and becomes suspended in animation until it slows down.

Time still passes normally for everyone else not moving through the liquid, in fact time never dilated at all and has been flowing at a constant rate. It's the "experienced" time that is different.

Similarly, take two pieces of meat. Put one in the freezer and put another outside in the sun. One spoils much faster than the other. Though both pieces of meat goes through the exact same process to become spoiled, they do so at different rates. This is not because of "time dilation", time dilation doesn't exist, except in the sense that we experience the process at different rates, but the process itself remains the same.

It helps to think of the passage of time not as a massive flowing river with everything trapped inside, but rather as just the individual process of change for every individual thing. And that process can be sped up and slowed down.
I've a question. If a spaceship departed for Alpha Centauri under the parameters set forth by the OP, but assume they are coming right back. You could technically be watching their departure after they have already returned, right? So my question is, if you have a Faster-Than-Light method of communication (so the messages can catch up to the vessel), can you communicate with the departing vessel in real time after they have already returned, with the passengers also standing right next to us? In other words, two instances of the same people.

Or do we only exist in each-others present?
If you were to travel at 0.707ish the speed of light, from your point of view it would only take 1 year to travel 1 light-year.  Or 4.3 years to travel the 4.3 light-years to Alpha Centauri.  An observer would record that the journey took longer than that, however.   (The speed 0.707ish, is in fact the square root of 1/2)
So this thought just came into my mind.

 Let's say there was a constant live radio feed that didn't stop playing that was being transmitted to the ship from earth. 

I take it to the occupants on board the ship would hear the radio transmission slow down in speed the faster the ship got?
An interesting way of seeing this is if you travel to Alpha Centauri at light speed without acceleration and deceleration at all, you will feel it only takes a instant for you while it other people on Earth waited for 4 years. 

Does that mean photons never age since they always travel at speed of light?
Does this mean that if I'm the flash and continue to move at speeds of light, that time would slow down for me, but for everyone else time would not change? So then does it mean that in 1 light year people on earth would experience a full year and I would experience much less time? Meaning that people on earth would have more time and even have kids, but I would not even have time to have a kid? That makes it seem like earth is moving faster. I must be missing something.
To get to alpha centauri (4.3 LY at 1g) it would take 3.5 years for the passengers, and 5.9 years on earth, with a maximum relative velocity of 95% of the speed of light.

To have a maximum relative velocity of 99.9% the speed of light would require 9.63 g acceleration, and the time on board would be 0.76 years with 4.5 years elapsed on earth. However, for the passengers, it would feel like they died within the first few minutes.

[here's a calculator someone made to solve this problem](http://convertalot.com/relativistic_star_ship_calculator.html)
If you had a ship capable of constant 1g acceleration, you could get to the Andromeda galaxy in just 28 years, including deceleration so that when you get there you'll be stationary.

You could do a round trip to Andromeda and back, a 5 million light year trip all up, in a single human lifetime. Of course, 5 million years will have passed on Earth, even though you'll have aged less than 60.
Your question assumes instantaneous acceleration/deceleration. Even at 99.9% of c, assuming you still have to account for mass and momentum, you would start accelerating at the initial point, reach your top speed at around the halfway point, and then start decelerating until you reach the terminus. This would increase the overall time required substantially, many times over. It would also limit the effects of time dilation as you would only be traveling at relativistic speeds (> 99.9% of c) for a small fraction of the journey.
[removed]
Follow-up question: How would fuel use work? They'd be experiencing *some* drag, going that fast, so they'd need to have their power going. So say that they need (I'm not using exact numbers, just theoretical) 100W of power to keep going at their speed, what would the "time" be? Would it be 100J/second for relative stationary time or 100/their second? Or would both perspectives calculate two separate power output values?
Time dilation is a thing. Assuming it's a round trip, it wouldn't feel like 4 years each way. They'd probably just return to Earth and notice that everyone else they know has aged while they were gone. It's a good way to HODL your cryptocurrency, though.
Aren't we all traveling at a undefined speed at all times? Earth spins, solar system spins, so In a way we are all time traveling. But what about vibrational speed, could we put someone on a pad like a massage chair but have supper small vibrations that get them to travel near the speed of light and therefore time travel?
Do giraffes get struck by lightning more often than other animals?

Thanks for all of the info, guys. I posted this after waking up from a dream in which giraffes were being struck by lightning, of all things.
So this is not my area of expertise and I hope other more qualified people chime in but I have found some informations (some of it even peer reviewed!). 

[This article [1]](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00484-011-0515-5) talks about how four legged animals are more vulnerable to lightning strikes because ground current has high chances to go through vital organs. It also describes how large animals such as giraffes and elephants have higher chances of deadly strikes. There is the obvious thing about the fact that they are tall so even under a tree there is a non-negligeable chance that lighting could [jump directly to their head](http://i.imgur.com/iYzL85H.png). The other less obvious one is that even if they are not directly hit, the large distance their legs span increased the voltage (and potentially the current) going though them (as described in[ this figure](http://i.imgur.com/JkPWM1K.png)). Sadly the article lacks hard numbers on strike frequency depending on the species. 

This [blog post](http://scienceblogs.com/tetrapodzoology/2009/07/15/mammal-deaths-by-lightning/) seems to suggest that giraffes getting killed by lightning is not that uncommon. 

> Between 1996 and 1999 the Rhino and Lion Reserve near Krugersdorp, South Africa, had two of its three giraffes killed by lightning – the third animal (a juvenile) was also struck but survived. Betsy the giraffe was killed by lightning at Walt Disney World in Florida in 2003 (in front of lots of witnesses).

...

>  A juvenile giraffe at Louisiana’s Global Wildlife Center, named Dusty, was killed after lightning struck a nearby tree. 

[1] Gomes, Chandima. "Lightning safety of animals." International journal of biometeorology 56.6 (2012): 1011-1023.
[deleted]
There was a study done at one of the game parks here in South Africa regarding the susceptibility of giraffes to lightning. It was found that a lot of the deaths attributed to lightning were actually caused by snake bites , Black Mamba's hunt birds in tree tops and the giraffes get fatal bites because they browse in the same  area. I live a few kilometers from the lion park mentioned and it has a very high strike rate because of the terrain layout and elevation. Johannesburg has one of the highest lightning strike rates in the world generally.
Giraffes get struck by lightning more often because they are the tallest standing object in an open area...

People will talk all day about biochemistry and whatnot, but I'm an electrical engineer and I can tell you that they are struck by lightning more solely because they are the shortest path to ground.    
Actually Reindeer heards in Russia get nuked by lighting more often than any other animal on earth.  Due to them grazing or traveling in a tight pack on the open Plains,  a single strike has killed over 1500 reindeer in Russia, with a similar event in Norway I believe it was killed around 1000.
[removed]
[removed]
Considering taller objects always have a higher risk of conducting lightning strikes i would say yes although i laughed thinking who is out there compiling data on the amount of lightning strikes on giraffes.
Yup theres a fried one, sixth this month!
do those tufted horns on the top of their head look like tesla thingys to anyone but me?

i've always thought they looked odd... now, maybe i know why?

lighting as an evolutionary pressure on the savanna is a fascinating subject.

how might it have affected human precursors?

is walking UPRIGHT a way to shunt current from vital organs?

anyone know the anatomy of lightning strikes thru animal tissue enough to know the answer?
I didn't see anyone mention this, so I thought I'd bring it up and see if anyone has more information or thoughts. How much does the height of a giraffe really affect the likelihood of being struck by lightning? If lightning starts somewhere between 6500ft and 20000ft ([making an assumption here about where thunderstorms and lightning actually start](http://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/earth/earths-atmosphere/clouds/)), and a giraffe and zebra are 18ft and 4ft respectively, does that 14ft difference really matter?
[removed]
What you need to take into effect, is that giraffe populations are not in areas that get a lot of lightning.  

Also, the animals behavior plays a role. Giraffes may actually seek shelter in forested areas during a thunderstorm, lessening their risk for a strike. 

I would theorize that either birds (shockwaves from strikes) or tree dwelling animals would actually be the highest risk of lightning fatalities. 
This doesn't directly answer the question but it's related. In my physics class we talked about lightning rods; before electricity was well understood people tried to guide lightning away from buildings with roof-mounted conductive orbs. The orbs actually had higher capacitance with the clouds than the ground does, meaning that the orbs would simply cause larger arcs of lightning to hit them/the building than if there was no orb at all. A lightning rod has a very low capacitance with the sky and can also slowly dissipate charge from the clouds, resulting in less powerful/damaging lightning in the area near the rod. So while giraffes are tall, the shape of their heads and bodies might also impact their odds of getting hit in the same manner shape impacts lightning rods/orbs (although this may be wrong since the giraffe is a poor conductor compared to something like a lightning rod, and this may reduce or prevent charge dissipation).
[Here's a BBC article](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-11734228) about Giraffes getting struck. 

I personally have heard of a giraffe being struck in a South African game park that we visit regularly, as well as a giraffe breaking it's neck after running into a fence. Unwieldy animals, those giraffe.

So.. this post has me picturing a giraffe wearing something like a little pointy WWI Kaiser helmet and a wire that travels down along his body.. or implanted.. and comes out and affixes to a contact at the bottom of his hoof.. The Franklinberg Giraffe Lightning Abatement System by Kaiser Wilhelm Inc.. 
In a theoretical example where animals are standing in close proximity to where lightning will strike anyways you could expect a Giraffe to get hit a slightly higher percentage of times than a smaller or shorter animal, but I think something like a hippo who has more surface area touching the ground has a higher chance than a Giraffe.

In the end no amount of height or girth is enough to affect the path of lightning as it's a connection between the upper atmosphere brimming with energy and the earth sinking it:  It's such a massive scale even our most conductive man-made materials have a hard time changing it's path more than a short distance.
You also have to consider the frequency of lightning in certain places. Funnily enough the highest frequency of lightning strikes happen around central Africa so it would stand to reason that animals there would also get struck by lightning more often.
[removed]
What % of my weight am I actually lifting when doing a push-up?

Your question made me curious and a quick search yielded the study linked below, which looked at exactly this question.^1 The researchers found that the answer depends both on the variant of the exercise as well as the stage of the exercise. For example, in a traditional push-up the number is about 69% in the up position (at the top of the movement) and 75% in the down position (bottom of the movement).

It's also worth mentioning that the study also looked at a "modified push-up." This modification [as shown here](https://i.imgur.com/2PagQIv.png) is essentially just an ~~lazier~~ easier version of the exercise where the knees stay on the floor.  Surprisingly (to me at least), even in this simpler version you still lift quite a bit of your body mass (54% in the up position and 62% in the down position).

edit: I corrected "going up/down" to "up/down position" to reflect the fact the body was kept stationary when the force was recorded in this study.

^(**1**) Suprak, et al. **The effect of position on the percentage of body mass supported during traditional and modified push-up variants.** 2011: 25 (2) pp 497-503 *J. Strength Cond. Res.* [Link](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20179649)
To measure yourself: Put a bathroom scale under one of your hands while doing a push up. Double the maximum value the scale lists and divide that by your total weight (and multiple by 100) to calculate the percentage.
So I wonder if it works in reverse? If you want to improve push ups by bench pressing. Say you are 250 lb at 75% that's 187.5 lb. Could you then work on a set with say 190 lb over period Of time and increase your stamina for push ups push up effectively
[removed]
I’m curious about this too. What about the different ways of doing push-ups and push-ups that focus on other muscles. Or a wide spread push-up compared to one in line with your shoulders. Would it be the same or would the weight change. 
Just for fun to check the people giving you numbers, you can put your feet on a scale (easier since they're less wide apart) and ask a buddy to read off the number at the top and the bottom. Hold still at the top, get the number, then hold still at the bottom and get the number. The difference between your weight and the weight on your feet is the weight on your hands. 
[removed]
Correct me if I'm wrong but you could do a pushup on a set of scales and get an accurate (to within the tolerances of the scales) measure of it surely?

Then just see what percentage that is of your total body weight.

I know it's not all sciencey but sometimes simple solutions are fun.
[removed]
[removed]
You can step on a scale and see how much you weigh. Then, you can get into a pushup position and put your hands on the scale. You get the exact number how many kgs you're lifting. Divide those kgs with your weight kgs (also, multiply by 100) and you get the exact percentage.
[removed]
moments / torque

bodyweight(lbs) × centre of gravity(ft) = push-weight(lbs) × arms-from-feet distance(ft).

centre of gravity should be at your bottom rib or just above your belly button. (heimlich maneuver spot).

eg: 6ft tall and 180lbs  
180lbs × 3.75ft (CoG) = X × 5(ft)  
X = 135lbs ≈ 75%
As you have your answer which will depend a bit on your body design but is easy to find with your hands on a scale, I'll add there's some use with that number (actual number, not percentage). You can make it higher by elevating your feet or lower it by using books or chair. However, don't make the angle too extreme as you change the exercise.

Other methods make the exercise more difficult or easy by changing the balance and leverage. Hands closer together is harder than hands further apart (also shifts whether you use the chest or triceps more). When you shift width of your feet, only the balance is affected. Also, there a range of motion to consider. Usually, your max range is from "chest to ground" to "arms locked out". This ground part can be deepened using handles or books. Anyway, making the range of motion shorter (going only parallel, bit of bend of elbows) makes things easier as your going less distance.

I'll also add that while it's tempting to just get higher and higher reps, consider having a cap where after that you start adding weight (placed on your back, weight vest, straps, etc) after you've reached a specific goal of reps/time. For example, if you're doing a "Tabata" method that's 15 seconds of reps/ 15 seconds of rest for 10 rounds (2.5 minutes rest, 2.5 minutes work) and full range of motion and you're doing this every other day. If you can reach 120 reps total, add five pounds total to your back for next exercise. When you reach 120 after so many days, again, add 5 pounds. If you ever get up to 25 pounds, for fun try it with 0 and be amazed at how fast you knock out reps.
Based on male data. Going by an average of center of mass to height ratio of 0.560 according to [this website](https://hypertextbook.com/facts/2006/centerofmass.shtml) and an average height of the male in america being 1.77m [according to google](https://www.google.be/search?client=firefox-b&dcr=0&ei=K3jyWc_tA8S7aq3jutAG&q=average+male+height&oq=average+male+height&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i67k1j0l9.3651.4137.0.4219.6.6.0.0.0.0.90.335.5.5.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..1.5.334...0i20i263k1.0.LdbwVi-Kx9o) and an average arm lenght for the average height of 0.889m according to [this source](http://www.tdj.eg.net/articles/2015/43/1/images/TantaMedJ_2015_43_1_1_154557_t20.jpg) and going by 30 cm shoulder to top of head

And by assuming the starting position is a straight edge triangle. 

∑M_feet = 0.989 * m * cos(30.15°) - 1.47 * F * cos(30.15°) = 0

yields: F = 0.672 * bodymass

this is the force perpendicular to the body, the force on the arms is:

 F = 0.56/cos(30.15°) * bodymass = 0.78 * bodymass


[deleted]
If you create a force diagram, depends on your center of mass vs. where your arms push against the ground as a ratio of distance to your feet.  For instance, if your arms are twice the distance from your feet compared to your center of mass, you will be pushing 50% of your weight.

To get your percentage, weigh yourself full weight on the scale, then put your feet on the scale in pushup position at the top and bottom of your pushup and measure the scale weight.  The difference is what you are pushing.
[removed]
[removed]
This is one I can actually answer!

I was curious as well about that, so to find out I used a typical bathroom scale. 

Place both of your hands on the scale while in a push-up position, while all the way up for stability. 

Then divide that number by your weight on the scale to get your percentage.  
While standing flat-footed:

Measure height to shoulder (Hs).
Measure height to belly button (Hbb)

Push up force = Body Weight x (Hbb/Hs) +/- 10%*

*This is sum of moments around your toes and assumes your CG is around your belly button (it is for most people).
I'd be interested to see also how the weight distribution in your body affects this percentage. Along with this how this would affect the amount of work done such as someone who carries most of their weight in the upper part of their body as opposed to their core area .
Can I chime in with a question? What is the influence of different body proportions on pushups? Longer arms, longer abdomen? More men seem to have relatively shorter arms and legs while women tend to have longer arms and legs I think (based on discussions on a cycle forum about the perfect bike fit). 
F=ma  75kg man x g(9.8) = 735Newtons
735sin(32degrees)=  390 Newton’s  
390/735 = 52% of you body weight 

No clue if I did this correctly. But seem right because you can rep out way more push ups than bench pressing 52% of your body weight because you are using your muscles in your body more advantageously in push up position. Ie: you are able to flex your abdominals harder in a push-up position harder than a bench press position and flex your glutes tighter in push up position. More muscles involved means more reps for the push up.  
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
What is the point of using screws with a Phillips head, flathead, allen, hex, etc. instead of just having one universal screw type?

You've got some good answers here already, but they're all leaving out an important aspect, which is how the screw and screwdriver deal with fouling. Dirt, oil, weld slag, multiple layers of paint, whatever. If you're in an environment where you don't have to worry about that, a complex geometry is fine. But on a factory floor, Phillips or torx can get irreversibly fouled. Allen head screws can be relatively easily cleaned, but the master of this is the shittiest of all screw heads, the flat head. The *only* tool you need to clear the slot of a flat head screw is the screwdriver you're going to use to unscrew it. No other screw type has that ability.
The reason for the different styles is cost and torque. The slotted head screws are cheap and easy to make. But they're completely useless for powered screwdrivers and you can't put much torque on the screw without it either slipping out or stripping the head (and maring the surface of whatever you're screwing). Phillips screws are self-centering, making powered screwdrivers possible. They're somewhat more expensive to produce than slotted-head. They tend to 'cam-out' easily under torque, making it hard to apply much torque. I've heard they were designed that way to prevent overtightning. However, it's not good for exposed fasteners to look stripped. Robertson-head and allen-head fasteners can handle more torque than phillips-head fasteners, but are more expensive. Because the bottom of the hole is flat (unlike the pointed end of the phillips), there's more contact area and so it's less likely to cam-out. The robertson-head is cheaper than the allen-head, but the allen-head has six points of contact rather than 4, making it less prone to rounding out the hole. The Torx-head fasteners solve the problem of rounding/stripping by having the flat bottom of the robertson/allen that reduces cam-out, but it has much better contact with the driving bit to prevent stripping the head. The points of the 'star' on the driving bit engage the recesses on the screw at nearly right angles, so it has a very positive contact. Torx is becoming more and more popular because of that, particularly in assembly-line work. Because they're less likely than a phillips to be damaged when tightening, the allen (internal hex) heads are often used for exposed ('decorative') fasteners on 'some assembly required' furniture. It's also very cheap to make the allen keys, so they usually include one with the fasteners.

I think the core of your question has been answered, but I wanted to add one point.  Sometimes various screws are used for security reasons.  For instance on the products my company sells there are some screws we intend for the customer to undo, and we will use hex, slotted, or Phillips for these.  Other screws we don't want them messing with and may use Torx or something more rare.

In fact some companies specialize in making strange screw head shapes purely for security reasons, [as seen in this chart.](http://cdn.clm02.com/ezvivi.com/204050/6359362590222142198612765.jpg)
One thing not mentioned is that some screws (e.g. Robertson) are better for automatic machine use than others. 

For machines, it's best if you can load the screw onto the driver, then move the driver into position. But you need a screw that will hold onto the bit well enough to not fall off.

Others have mentioned Phillips bits and cam-out. This is desirable. For example: Drywall installers use special screw guns (and you can get drywall bits for regular drills) that will detatch from the screw at the right install depth. Handy for that application.

By the way, Robertson screws are really friggin awesome. They are just so great to work with in most applications. It's a global tragedy that they never became more widespread.
To add, universal standards are a hard thing to decide upon. Just look at how imperial units remain, despite the existence of SI units. People will have differing opinions on which type is the best, especially as the different head types have different mechanical and operating properties.  
  
XKCD has relevant comic (as always)  
[Standards](https://xkcd.com/927/)
my 2 cts to this discussion..Note that Pozidriv screws are often mixed-up with Philips. It is definitively worth having one #2 pozidriv driver as well as a philips one and paying attention which is which. Ideally all sizes are better.

http://www.finehomebuilding.com/2015/09/16/what-is-the-difference-screw-bits-phillips-vs-pozidriv
I have learned so much about screws in this post. 

I feel like this is information that I need to store in my brain for when I'm a dad who has to fix everything around the house and answer my kids questions. Also, so I look manlier when I'm standing around the grill with the other dads at a cookout our wives organized and we start talking about manly dad stuff and I lay down some serious screw knowledge like they're ESPN stats.

Thanks everyone!
Being a Canadian most of the screws we use are Robertson, in 40 years I have only stripped two and both were really rusted 

I have had the same hand screw driver for 40 years and still going strong

The nice thing about Robertson is there are really only two sizes and one is by far the most popular 

When you have a Philips screw strip you can use a Robertson to get the job done 


When I was a volunteer at the Buffalo Museum of Science, I worked in the carpentry shop helping to build displays as well as building repairs. The guy who ran the shop was a 40 year tradesman and the best finishing carpenter I have ever met.
When he came on board the first thing he did was replace all our variety of screws for Robertsons. He claimed they were the best screws in the world. I now use nothing else.
There is a book called One Good Turn, about the invention and development of screws, screwdrivers and their various types. It's only sort and is quite an interesting read.

https://www.amazon.co.uk/One-Good-Turn-Natural-Screwdriver/dp/0684867303
[removed]
A combination of:
patent issues
purpose of use

Security screws are obvious -they are simply made so that common screwdrivers people would have laying around won't work, to make it clear that it's not user serviceable - this is sometimes a legal requirement, not just the manufacturer's wish (as it can be argued that , hey, if I wasn't supposed to open it, why did my screwdriver fit?)
Another curious case we are stuck with is the Phillips. You may have noticed your screwdriver often pops out under torque - this was originally by design. The driver cams out when too much torque is applied - this was a safety measure to prevent over-torquing the screws.
Every design has a story. There's gotta be a book.

[removed]
To add to other answer(s): Macs/iPhones use a ton of different screw types, with a new type seemingly being added in each new revision.

They do this not for any technical or logistics reason, but because they want you to take it into the Apple Store for repairs/upgrades, rather than doing it yourself.
[removed]
Lord, you could say that for computer ports, and measurements, and...everything.

People evolve standards at different points, and they tend to like the one they got used to. It's hard to get the world to standardize
I used to think that phillips head screws sucked, then i learned about using quality bits and fasteners. Combine that with learning how to use a drill/impact driver well and phillips fasteners actually work extremely well. Biggest problem is using magnetic bit holders. The phillips head actually grips onto the screw so sell that when you pull out, the bit will pop out and stay on the fastener. Have to buy ones with the retention ring. 

Robertson and torx are great for torque, but they wobble too damn much on the end of the drill/impact driver! I much prefer them for use with hand screwdrivers/ratchets, but hate them for driving new fasteners.
Square drive or Robertson aka decking screws are used a lot now in the states. You can probably attribute it to the trex boards as the screws for them are Robertson. That's probably where a lot of people really were exposed to them. Having to run hundreds of screws will do that. On a side note the bits that come in the bucket are cheapo and suck. Philips are decent and work. They usually strip because people use the wrong size bit. Most common is a #2 think drywall screw.  Or the bit is best up not making good contact or the head is best. If your running new screws with a fresh bit and apply force straight into the head it's a breeze.
A story that was told to me years ago and I didn't verify but thought was interestong regardless. I was told it was because of patents. Early on before patents expired they figured it would be cheaper to manufacturer their own screws with a different design. If I had to guess now, it's just money for having multiple heads. In construction I've never used a flathead in my life except for finishing. It's just too difficult and risky to use a flathead quickly and efficiently. 
Most people in this thread appear to be debating the cute little heads.  Nobody seems to be addressing the big bad boy screws used in critical fastener applications (also called bolts sometimes, which is wrong, but I won't get it I that.. looking at you Europeans!).  I work for one of the largest industrial conglomerates in the world.  We are currently trying to standardize on fastener types to reduce costs.

I'm  investigating the possibility of using one head type for all large critical fastener applications.  I'm leaning strongly towards an external 12 point flange head (bi-hexagonal, IFI 115, or similar), and potentially a hollow head variation of the 12 point flange head.  It has the most advantages bar none. The only disadvantage we've found is the relative unpopularity (for sourcing and services tooling) compared to external  and internal hex.  But when you are a big boy like us, we can make the river flow the way we want and corral the insanity of dozens of head types, when one would be just fine.

On the small side of fasteners, we're seeing a lot of traction in the internal hexalobular (aka torx), Robertson and pozidriv.  Phillips and slotted are going to disappear, and I really wish internal hex would to. But the internal hex is unfortunately still the most commonly used. It's a strong head type, but it's not the best drive type for mechanics working in tight places with small fasteners.

We don't have high speed manufacturing lines like the automotive guys.  That industry will tend to pick the right balance  between cost, speed and reliability.  So keep an eye on them if you want to know where the world is going.
One point i cant see covered is also a security problem if we only had 1 type of screw then that would be used in prisons. Where once you manafactured a tool which could open 1 screw you could open them all. Normally in prisons up to 15 different screw heads are used they also get there own types of screw heads made so there is little chance of having a suitable head available for purchase. 
Well, the socket head screw is vastly superior to every other type, but it was invented by a Canadian who refused to sell his patent rights to Henry Ford. Out of spite, Ford came up with other designs that were all junk for the Model T. 
I been asking that for years. The worst is when using/installing a product and there are two different types to deal with.
I think a lot also has to do with industries being used to making/using certain types of screws that they see no​ reason to change anything because of costs ie, retooling.
[removed]
Just like different types of bolt heads, it's all in the application they were meant for. Besides for your standard 3 which were made for things like keeping the heads clear or easy cleaning for removal long way down the line. If your curious the stand 3 our phillips, flathead, and Robertson's. The latter of which I use mainly since it's harder to strip, like a torque head, and common enough that almost everyone has a driver. I don't know where everyone here in the US lives that keep saying their special order in the states but I live in IN US and they're more common here than Phillips. I think torque are even more common here now.
As the name phillips suggest, it was introduced by a company and was not a industrial standard, and since everyone wants to stand out it's sadly very hard for companies to just agree on a standard. 

The biggst problem with philips is the HUGE quantity of bits, changing in depth, thickness and "pointiness" of the tip. We were constructing a wooden shed in the backyard for a client with 100s of philips screws, everyone with the exact same head. We had also the exact correct bit and therefore never stripped a single screw. 

That's why torx is so appealing, there's not a lot you can change (exept the diameter) and therefor not a lot the user can do wrong.

TL;DR Companies want to be unique so they flooded the market
Made a deck with over 1000 hex star screws. Used (good brand) 6 mm hex cat 4 screws. Predrilled all holes same diameter as shank/shaft. Never one screw went wrong. The (good brand) drill included hex point however lasted about 600 screws into the job. 

I dont think hex screws would have gone it so far.

My point is i'll good quality lasts. However for a manufacturer the least costly is either good or bad for cost or reputation. 

Avoid all "cost saving qualities" or no brand screws (and drills, drill bits). You might get lucky but less likely than to get a bad good brand tool.

However i hate it when they make bathroom light (which need replacement) fixtures with 3mm! star screw (when a philips screw would have done the job. That's what you get with fancy mirrors. Only found this screwdriver type in an electronics shop! 

However i dont think star screws would work long for brake's impact screws. And please dont use a nail to hang stuff on plaster.
One additional use I didn't see posted is that in some  assembly line situations in order to prevent the wrong similarly sized bolt or screw from being used different heads can be used to ensure the wrong one can't be used at that station. 
I've got about 10 years of hardware retail experience, and one of the more common reasons we still sell (and consequently, people still use) different head types is restoration work. When someone comes in while restoring an old thingamajig, they generally want new versions of the screws that were originally there. Sell lots of brass flathead slotted screws for that very reason.
I enjoyed this question/answer.  

Thank you.  
Believe it or not, each screw type has a specific use case and some are improvements on others. There is no universal screw because there is no universal use for it.

For example a flathead is the easiest to use and cheapest to manufacture. You don't even need a screwdriver to tighten it but there's the issue of slipping, and a lack of torque.

The Phillips head makes up for the torque and slipping issues of the flathead, there are actually different types of cross screws, such as [JIS](https://youtu.be/ZY7XO5H_6HY?t=6m6s), and fearson heads.

Robertson screws are commonplace in Canada, basically they are the Canadian version of the Phillips head. They do have one advantage: the square head tends to stay on the screw driver without you needing to hold it.

The hex socket provides once again more torque, and a form of basic tamper-resistance. There are whole other types of screws to prevent tampering, and a universal screw type would defeat the purpose of that.

More importantly universal heads do exist: the Phillips' Pozidriv/Supadriv for example, combines a Robertson, Phillips, and flat head all into one. I see them all the time on receptacle terminals.

For a list of screw heads with explanations there's [this wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_screw_drives)
Advancing technology comes up with better solutions, but there is still a lot of historical backpack to drag along.

I have, more or less, whenever I have a choice, dumped everything but Torx. They are just so much better. For a few special cases, other's might have reasons to exist, but, as far as I'm concerned, Torx is the best general screw today.
[removed]
Because companies (such as Apple) don't want you to open up their products (e.g. iPhone) to do your own repairs.  They'd rather you just buy another new product from them.  So they use very obscure screw types such as the pentalobe, and most people won't have a pentalobe screwdriver lying around.
Proprietary screws are widely used in electronics and the car industry, both for preventing people making dangerous repairs and s they can try charge extra money when you take it into the shop Apple and BMWboth use them for this reason to my knowledge 
Actually I believe its evolution of the tool. Originally the flat head was the most simple and first invented. Later the Phillips head was created for more tork and grip. Later the tool evolved into allens, stars, and torks. I think the reason we havent just come to use one is because of the other reasons posted, cleaning and usefullness.
[removed]
[removed]
I'm late to the party, and I'm on mobile so I can't tell if this has already been pointed out. (It probably has.)

Yes, hail torx and the bi-hexagonal head; praise be, an end to screw stripping for all time. 

But, we're far more likely to carry around a couple of coins (flat head substitutes, naturally) in our pockets than a six-point star headed screwdriver. Day to day, for those ~~peasants~~ people who don't do repair work or engineering every day, it's just more convenient. 

I'm sure we'll transition to more durable and reliable heads, but Phillips heads won't ever be completely ruled out, at least not for the foreseeable future until we have easily producible consumer grade hardlight technology or something. 
Well, in the early days power tools didn't have any built in mechanism to reduce torque. Driving in a ponzi style screw carelessly would result in jarring kickback. Phillips head would simply disengage by jumping out. Basically you could argue phillips head screws are obsolete.
If hand sanitizer kills 99.99% of germs, then won't the surviving 0.01% make hand sanitizer resistant strains?

Most hand sanitizers use alcohol, which kills indiscriminately.  It would kill us if we didn't have livers to filter it, and in high enough doses will kill anyway.  Some germs survive due to randomly being out of contact, in nooks and crannies and such, not due to any mechanism that might be selected for.
Sanitizers almost always use alcohol, which bacterial cells don’t really have any cellular means of developing resistance against.  You may as well worry about developing resistance to having a nuke dropped directly on your face.  Alcohol essentially saps bacterial cells of all moisture instantaneously, and to combat that they would need to develop characteristics which would essentially make them not even bacteria anymore (like a plant-like cell wall or a eukaryote-like complex cell membrane)

EDIT:  I got a few things wrong, thanks for pointing them out everyone! (no sarcasm intended).

-  Alcohol doesn’t work mainly by sapping moisture, it actually causes the bacterial cell membrane (and eukaryotic cell membranes also) to basically dissolve.  We can put it on our hands because of our epidermal outer layer of already-dead cells which basically doesn’t give a fuck about alcohol.

- Some bacteria actually can develop resistance to low to moderate concentrations of alcohol, by devoting more resources to a thickened cell membrane.

- Look up bacterial endospores.  These can survive highly concentrated alcohol solutions and cause surfaces to be re-colonized under the right conditions.
So it’s kinda like this: there’s a difference between antibiotics and sanitizer.

Let’s think about if you wanted to wreck someone’s car: you could do a small targeted attack (cut a brake line, drain the fuel, ruin the steering). For every strategy you choose, they can improve it (locked fuel door, etc). You could also take the less glamorous approach and just completely destroy the car baseball bat at midnight style. 

That’s what alcohol does, it’s the crude style, it’ll always work, and you can’t really stop it.
[removed]
[removed]
It depends on what’s in the hand sanitizer. 

The triple antibiotic soaps and hand sanitizers will absolutely cause resistance to develop. This has already been documented and it is discouraged to use those types of soaps and sanitizers. 

For alcohol based sanitizers, the mechanism of killing bacteria is much more intense, for lack of a better word. Antibiotic resistance can be through random mutations of the targeted protein or an enzyme that sequesters or degraded the antibiotic; antibiotics act in a very specific way, so resistance is just a change in the very specific mechanism. Alcohol’s effect is far-reaching and affects nearly all aspects of bacteria. It is very unlikely that all the proper mutations will be present to resist the alcohol’s effect. In fact it’s so unlikely that it hasn’t been documented to any reasonable degree that I know of. 

The 0.01% is most likely due to bacteria forming spores or improper technique over a tiny portion of the skin. 

Please correct me if I’m wrong or have any assumptions I should state. 

Edit: felt that further clarification of why spores don’t develop resistance was necessary.
You can think of spores as dehydrated cells. They have a thick cell wall that resists most extreme environments, e.g. low nutrients, low and high temperatures, low moisture, radiation, etc. so they won’t react to any stimulus at ergo they won’t acquire resistance since they aren’t really living (so to speak)
They are actually a worry when sending space equipment to other planets. How do we know if life found there is native or just a spore that decided to start populating the planet when it fell off the space equipment?
No. Alcohol basically nukes the bacteria. I actually did a research project in high school where I was looking at survival rates of bacteria after hand sanitizer application. That 99.99 percent figure is basically just a way to cover your ass if someone gets sick, because my results showed that it killed basically everything.

I did get a neat side result though. It turns out that bacterial genetic material can survive and be picked up by new bacteria after hand sanitizer use.
There are two parts to this question.

First, sanitizer probably will kill all germs; the 99.99% is given to err on the side of caution, to prevent people from suing "hey, I found 2 still living germs out of the billions I started with, you are making false promises" (and proving that those 2 germs were due to contaminated sample or the sanitizer was not used properly is difficult).

Second, AFAIK it's impossible to be immune against the alcohols used in sanitizers; there's too much of it so that even a slight immunity would not be enough; all biological processes would probably have to change to be immune.

The same way biological systems cannot develop immunity against fire or strong acids/bases, they cannot develop immunity against sanitizers.
"99.99%" is more or less a marketing safety net, as they can't just say 100%. The alcohol in virtually all hands sanitizers will kill any bacteria it comes in contact with, for reasons explained in other comments, but in the case of bacteria lucky enough to be missed when applying the sanitizer, it's just safer to say "99.99%".

Similar with the "99.9%" chance of preventing pregnancy with condoms. Sometimes pregnancy does occur due to user error or manufacturing defect. 
Since I don't think anyone else here has clarified the two words, the difference is between an anti-*biotic*, and an anti-septic.  Bacteria cannot build tolerances to anti-septics, things like bleach or alcohol or even fire.  They destroy the bacteria chemically, they make it physically impossible for the cultures, as well as most other life forms, to survive.

Bacteria *can* build tolerance to anti-*biotics*.  These kill the bacteria biologically - preventing these particular life forms from existing, some by targeting the cell wall, others by targeting the cell membrane, others by the bacterial enzymes.  

Also crucial, is that examples of anti-biotics aren't just limited to prescription pills given by your doctor.  You can find them in hand soaps and even in some hand sanitizers, in the form of "triclosan", which can build triclosan-resistant bacteria.
So, the issue with hand sanitizer is not that it isn't effective at killing bacteria, the problem is that it is very good at killing bacteria indiscriminately.

Bacteria live all over your body, inside and out.  Their behavior ranges from beneficial, to neutral to detrimental.  For most people, the vast majority of bacteria making their home reside on the beneficial side.

The reason for this is that even a bacteria with no direct positive (making food more easy to digest or whatever) but also no direct negative (making you sick) still use resources that prevents a directly negative bacteria from taking it's place.  These neutral bacteria provide us the benefit of competing with negative bacteria.

When you rub alcohol all over your hands you kill all positive, negative and neutral bacteria on your hands, which opens up a massive number of new homes for bacteria all over your hands and some of those bacteria might not be friendly.

So what do?

Don't use antibacterial soap for your hands (dishes, w/e).  Water alone removes a significant number of transient bacteria.  Seriously, it's between 50 and 75%.  Handwashing with soap and water is of course better and will get rid of 70-95% of transient bacteria (depending on study and what bacteria they're looking at).  These methods will leave the resident flora (for the most part) of your hands happy to live and compete with all the negative nancy's that try to enter to community.

The only real reason to wash with alcohol or other disinfectants is when you're practicing aseptic technique, either for maintaining pure cultures or treating people medically.
[removed]
[removed]
I can't believe this isn't on here (from what i saw), its 99.99 because there isn't a scientific statistical analysis test that can promise anything higher than that. Bleach or hand sanitizer in this case will kill anything it comes in contact with but statistically we can't prove anything over 99.99%. (this isn't to say any other answers on here a wrong but its worth mentioning analysis and standard deviations)
[removed]
Another thing to keep in mind here is that unlike anti-biotics, which go after bacteria by poisoning them (in so many words) and to which bacteria populations can evolve resistance; *sanitizer* is more like shooting the bacteria with a little gun. The populations can develop defenses against the 'poisoning' approach, but it is hard to evolve a defense against being shot. The spores (as mentioned) are resistant, but that resistance is unlikely to result in genetic drift for reasons others have mentioned.

Sanitizer dehydrates and/or denatures the bacteria, for lack of a simpler explanation. In so many words, the alcohol causes the outer membrane to 'dissolve'. A few may get too low a dose, or may be in a spot on your hand where the sauce wasn't spread well. Examples might be in the crinkle of a knuckle, or in the fold of your palm, or under your fingernails or something. Having dirt/material on your hands can also cut the effectiveness of hand sanitizer, which is why most bottles say something like "does not replace soap", or "wash hands before using".

These bacteria remain vulnerable when an appropriate dosage is applied to them for a few minutes and they aren't hiding out somewhere in a nook or cranny :).

You would not want to drink/eat enough sanitizer to function as an antibiotic, because it would also attack your body cells. You would be in very bad shape by the time enough sanitizer was in your body to do anything useful against the bacteria (for example: topical rubbing alcohol is not consumed, it is applied to surface wounds). 

tl;dr--*Antibiotics* work because they target either the reproductive and/or metabolic activity of bacteria in some way that does not overlap significantly with the way your body's cells function. They can target bacteria specifically with minimal impact on your own body. *Sanitizer* destroys the cells physically by affecting their construction, but can not discriminate between bacteria and your body--this is why overuse of sanitizer makes your hands dry and itchy. Your body cells are much tougher, and there are more of them, which is the reason you can use it without any significant damage to yourself :).
[removed]
A lot of the responses here are just flat out wrong in saying that bacteria have no means of developing resistance to isopropyl alcohol or that all bacteria that comes in contact with it will die 100%. 

Hand sanitizers kill germs by dissolving the plasma membrane of bacteria and causing the cells to lyse. Resistance to this can be formed by altering the composition of phospholipids that make up the plasma membrane, and this evolutionary trend has been observed in bacteria present on needles that were not sterilized properly. If a sample flora of bacteria present on our hands were isolated and expanded, then periodically exposed to alcohol while other competing selective pressures were minimized, alcohol resistance will occur, that's just evolution.

To answer why we haven't seen a bunch of alcohol resistant bacteria arise from increased use of hand sanitizers, multiple factors are probably at play. It may be that the change required to obtain resistance to alcohol confers some form of selective disadvantage and makes bacteria less competitive than they were originally, and the exposure to alcohol isn't as important. The high alcohol concentration may also create a bottleneck too narrow for rapid transmission of resistance genes. Uneven application may lead to survivors that had no real resistance but survived in greater numbers than resistant strains. All of these things could be affecting the evolutionary trends of the bacterial flora, but you can bet that if a lot more people start using hand sanitizers frequently these resistant strains will surface over time. 
Hey folks. This has nothing to do with the efficacy of the alcohol. It is the claim that the mfr is legally allowed to make on the label.  99.99% is called a [3 log reduction. ](http://microchemlab.com/log_reduction_and_percent_reduction_calculations). I've been out of the business for a while,  but to claim 99.999% is either overkill (heh) or ridiculous to pay to prove given the usage.  
Hi pretty late response but from a microbiology point of view yes you are correct is assuming that the 0.01% would br sanitizer resistant. 

For this to occur the cell has to have spontaneous mutations which provide a way of resisting destruction. 

What science counts on is that by mutating, the cell might also gather disadvantageous mutations which kill the cell in a different way. for example, mutation leads to alcohol resistance but this interferes with DNA replication hence cannot replicate and will die.

Hope it helps and don't hesistate to reply if you have any questions!
Alcohol in hand sanitizers is like stabbing a guy with a knife. Even if some people survive your knife attack, it usually just means they got lucky. It would take a really long term evolutionary approach to develop a natural resistance to knife wounds (tougher skin, wider bones protecting vital organs, etc) and it is likely even tougher to develop a biological protection from alcohol. The .01% that survives likely just didn't come into full contact with the alcohol. 

Non-alcohol based hand sanitizers aren't actually thought to be that effective. Warm water and thorough scrubbing are key in that scenario.
Other answers are technically wrong. 

Bacteria CAN develop resistance to alcohol, just as they theoretically can develop resistance to anything. 

The risk is low, due to how alcohol kills bacteria, basically by physically destroying their membranes. But it could happen. And if it did, you would then likely kill that surviving bacterium with some other method like hand washing before it became a problem. 

Resistance is generally only a problem if you only and consistently use one method to kill bacteria. If you have other effective methods, then you can kill bacteria that become resistant to one method. The odds that a bacterium would become resistant to alcohol, soap, and your immune system all at the same time are statistically 0.


So cleaning your hands is good. Sanitizer is good for most bacteria IF used correctly. And I've never seen anyone without a medical degree use it correctly. 

Fyi the correct way to use sanitizer is to scrub your hands with it while they are absolutely dripping wet with sanitizer for 30 seconds. If you're not dripping, you're not using enough.  


And fun fact: the best sanitizers use a mix of alcohols. For example 30% isopropanol and 30% ethanol in your sanitizer is better than 65% of either alcohol alone. We don't know why.   
3rd year immunology/microbiology PhD candidate. Haven't seen anyone mention viruses... Hand sanitizer doesn't kill viruses that don't have a lipid envelope. Hand sanitizer won't help you against things like norovirus (stomach virus). You are much better off washing your hands than relying on hand sanitizer. 
Biologist here, I haven't read all the top comments yet, but I've seen a lot of replies that are talking about bacteria evolving resistance to alcohol. So I'm going to offer an analogy to help clarify the point. 

Imagine a car. Antibiotics kill by destroying something small and specific, like snipping the wire that connects the starter to the engine. Alcohol kills by lighting the car on fire. For obvious reasons, it's easier to either make an extra wire to the starter, or to find another way to start the car, than it is to make it fire resistant. 

But it's still possible of course, but much like making a fire resistant car would have catches (like say a tank) there are some catches to evolving resistance to alcohol. The methods I'm aware of generally involve senescence (basically hibernation) or developing a barrier (like armoring your car). But an armored car won't drive around as well as a regular car, it gets worse gas mileage. And the bacterial world makes Mad Max look like My Little Pony, so if you aren't well adapted to your environment you die, and quickly. 

And that's basically why we don't worry much about alcohol resistance, some species are, but the trade-off generally makes them less infective, because they don't survive as well under normal conditions. 
Here is the issue. Say there are resistant bacteria on your hands that didn't die from the hand sanitizer due to some sort of advantage. A lot of times the features that make a bacteria resistant require the bacteria to work a lot harder to grow. As an example, maybe it has a thicker membrane which allows it to survive the sanitizer. But this thicker membrane requires more resources to make, and reduces the bacterias ability to absorb nutrients through it's membrane. If your hands were covered in hand sanitizer all the time, this bacteria would thrive because it's the only one that can survive. The disadvantage of the thicker membrane would be balanced out by actually being able to live in this hostile environment. But eventually your hands will get coated in other types of bacteria and the hand sanitizer will evaporate off. Those other bacteria who are also competing for the resources on your hand, will outcompete the resistant bacteria, and multiply faster because they don't have the burden of growing this thicker membrane. This is because the thicker membrane doesn't provide any advantage on unsanitized hands, but still comes with all of the downsides.


There are a lot of different mechanisms that provide a selective advantage in organisms given the right environment, but almost none come at no extra cost. Things like alcohol, bleach, and other harsh cleaning products attack the cell in so many ways it would be difficult to find a cell that existed with all the necessary components to survive such an onslaught. The resource cost to the cell would be enormous and would only exist in the most minute of quantities if at all. 

The reason hand sanitizer says 99.99% is more to cover there butts than anything else. 
Anytime a product says "99.99%" it means 100% for all intents and purposes except legal. If they claimed 100%, and 1 germ or microbe was found under a microscope, they would be sued for false advertising. But rest assured that you are killing everything
The 0.01% (that's not a correct number) refers mostly to bacteria and virus species which don't die to alcohol, rather than a proportion of a species which is normally susceptible. For example the clostridium difficile bacterium cell wall structure protects it from the toxicity of alcohol gel.
So the way this is calculated is by a log reduction in the kill of many, many types of bacteria. The hand sanitizer is diluted to it's MRC, or minimum efficacy concentration, then tested against the bacteria and if they reduce the growth from say 1e8 to 1e2, that's a 6 log reduction, or about a 99% effectiveness. It might be that at full strength there is total kill, but like what was said already, the killing might also be indiscriminate, and not based on mechanism, like penicillin is. Also there are several, intense tests these products must pass, if a product makes it to market, it has been researched, tested, and likely mimics one already available and known to work. Developing sanitizers that don't confer resistance is obviously a goal and is considered by companies. However, not all mechanisms of action are known, so rigorous testing and model systems have to be used, but basically, very few actual new chemicals are used in desiging new hand sanitizers, so their properties and effects are well known.
Despite the push-back answers you're getting from me too not-scientists who are incorrectly copy and pasting claims that alcohol cannot be resisted, the correct answer is actually yes.

Triclosan is one of the most common agents in these hand washes, and [resistance genes are well known](http://ec.europa.eu/health/scientific_committees/opinions_layman/triclosan/en/l-2/5-risk-resistance.htm).  The scientific community is angry because triclosan does not appear to confer a consumer product benefit, but resistance genes resist things we actually care about.

The alcohol in hand sanitizer evaporates in 5-10 seconds, but it takes 5+ minutes to kill most kinds of bacteria.  The breathless claims that bacteria cannot learn to resist simple alcohols is utter nonsense; our liver cells can do it just fine.

Acupuncture, which uses alcohol sanitization extensively, is [well known to create alcohol resistant mycobacteria](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC140401/).

The triclosan resistance in staph is [believed to have kicked off one of the seventeen mechanisms underlying full spectrum resistance](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4295542/).  This isn't theoretical.  We have a strain of what's commonly called "the flesh eating disease" that resists literally everything we have to stop it, including the shit so heavy duty it kills the host.  [Hand sanitizers are believed to have played a significant role in creating this](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16922622).  This is [well studied in the literature](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/07/170703085348.htm).  There is [extensive data](https://academic.oup.com/jac/article/46/1/11/695646/Triclosan-and-antibiotic-resistance-in).

Also, triclosan's entire point is to kill bacteria, and it succeeds (just not on the ones on humans.)  Supporting bacteria keep bad bacteria at bay, but [triclosan broad-pattern wipes out benthic communities](http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/es401919k), leaving nothing to keep the monsters in check.

It's not a "could".  It's a "we were able to measure it 30 years ago, and it's a very serious problem."

The medical communities that refused to deal with DDT or BPA are actually sounding alarms about [how bad this is](http://aac.asm.org/content/48/8/2973.full).
It doesn’t make resistant strains, but it allows strains that are already non-soluble to flourish. Like C. diff, for instance, which has a hard outer shell & is only killed by bleach. It is one of the .1%. Handwashing with soap for at least 30 seconds will wash it away (but not kill), 
You’re confusing antibiotic resistance with bacterial biology.
Bacteria spores will survive in alcohol.  When I worked in a microbiology laboratory, we would actually store certain bacterial strains (spore formers) in alcohol to prevent contamination from other microorganisms and to provide conditions to assure they remain in the spore state.  Spore forming bacteria form spores to assure survival in non-optimal conditions.  The spores are quite resistant to temperature, pH and other harsh environments.  This assures the survival of the bacteria.  Only certain types of bacteria produce spores. 
The question highlights the difference between an antibiotic and an antiseptic. Antibiotics screw around with the bacteria (inhibiting mitosis, damaging the cell wall), and an antiseptic is like napalm, killing everything (viruses, bacteria, a few skin cells) it touches.
I was told a while ago that the reason they put 99.9% has nothing to do with the germs actually killed but our ability to test for all the germs. As said elsewhere, alcohol is thorough. We just can't test for all possible germs present. Not sure if it's true, but it made sense to me.
Yes.  This is part of the reason C. Diff infections are becoming more prevalent. Alcohol, the active ingredient in hand sanitizer does not kill C. Diff. spores https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20429659  Bleach does, but not alcohol.  Before you get the bright idea of adding bleach to your hand sanitizer, be warned, that makes chloroform.
While it has been pointed out that sanitizer dosent help germs evolve resistance normally (alcohol based sanitizer)   there are some anti-biotic based cleaners that could (triclosan) which i believe has been banned in soaps.  Also sanitizers are just a placebo and have almost no measurable effect on how often you will get sick. 

http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2017/say-goodbye-antibacterial-soaps-fda-banning-household-item/
One danger of sanitizer however is that it can kill the healthy microbiome living on your skin, which was preventing pathogenic bacteria from taking root due to 'competitive exclusion'. This allows the potential for bad bacteria to get on your skin and make you sick if you sanitize your hands and then go somewhere dirty.
[removed]
Some questions: 1. When they say 99.9 percent of germs, does that include viruses and fungi?  2. Do alchol based hand sanitizers get absorbed through the skin? 3. Germs don't die instantly, right? I am guessing contact time matters?- my disinfectant spray says allow 30 seconds to a minute to kill certain microbes. 4. How do native bacteria on our skin repopulate if we kill them with hand santizers?

Common belief is that if we select against a population, that only those resistant will survive. However that is not really true, the bacteria that survive can survive through a myriad of ways, like being in the correct location to survive in the environment, but another one of which we think for evolution would be a mutation. However, if the bacteria doesn't have the mutation that will allow it to survive the hand sanitizer, the reality is that random mutation chance is too low. Instead it would usually pick it up from the environment, from another bacteria that already has the gene, through horizontal gene transfer. 
No scientist but i believe numbers like that are cover your ass numbers, remember birth control is also 99.9 percent effective but that .1 gice them a buffer incase a womam gets pregnent so she cant be sued.

Aka if it didnt say that how man many lawsuits theyd get if someone using it gets sick.
Aha- In my field! While the 0.01% may survive, that does not necessarily mean they are "actively resistant" to that drug, in this case alcohol,  by means of an active resistance mechanism. There exists, in any population, quite a different level of metabolic and various other transcriptionally different populations from the majority of the bugs. As such, there are naturally "resistant" bugs that do not encode a particular resistance gene, but are functionally resistant due to their transcriptional profile. If you want some pubs on the topic let me know- a bit tricky linking them on the phone in all
Well... It depends on the mechanism of how something kills the bacteria.

You could make poisons to kill a population of mice, and over generations they might develop a resistance to it. But no mouse survives getting snapped in a mousetrap, and so it would be impossible to evolve a resistance to being crushed in mousetraps. 

Hand sanitizer is just overkill. There's nothing to resist.
This is like a university level multiple choice question haha. No, they would not. When we talk about evolution in application to bacteria, viruses etc, resistance to a drug/treatment is a physical change at a cellular level. For example, changing the protein coat of a virus so that drugs can't target them, or changing something that has to do with the life cycle that a drug previously inhibited. However, alcohol just kills cells, kinda like a nuke would wipe out a city I guess. No mutation is going to provide protection against something that destroys on that level rather than inhibit. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
