Student is frantically on Reddit trying to get attention to the fact that his friends are being raped and murdered by his government.

Quick FYI:

The comments in this post have a lot of words which trigger our moderator robot here, and so comments may disappear then reappear as our team gets to them.

**Please report any personal information seen here.** Calls for violence will be removed. It is important in situations like this for misinformation to not spread. 

Best wishes.
SPREAD THIS FAR AND WIDE: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1UNmSi2jlixyWYTHZhZVMPInTav-BiJ4G

Bangladeshi Govt is already spreading messaging of "fake news" for this crackdown

edit: (WARNING NSFL)[THEY CANNOT GET AWAY WITH THIS](https://drive.google.com/open?id=13l9qyKkUcgAAOt7pbgh_7k5zFIz412W-)


This protest is something I've been following with a lot of interest since it began because it was the most wholesome and well organized protest I'd ever seen, especially for a country like Bangladesh where protests turn violent really easy. They were doing amazing until government and political organizations went onto the streets wearing school uniforms and carrying out violent deeds like burning buses, and law enforcement turned violent too.


There are several students now dead and missing, all they did was demand safer roads in a country where people die from road accidents every single day. They took to the streets and checked licenses, regulated traffic, exposed a couple million people including government vehicles, officials and service workers for driving without valid licenses. They've been doing a better job than traffic regulation and law enforcement officers in the city, all they wanted was safety.


This is a country where bribes and corruption are rampant, and traffic regulation staff can be bribed. This protest was entirely peaceful, wholesome and supported by most citizens. The government has dealt with this with violence and other evil things carried out by "student political parties". They've also cut all mobile data in the country, as well as slowed internet speeds, as well as actually arresting people for posting things online that indicated dissent. Multiple journalists have been beaten up as well as their recording equipment destroyed or seized. Also, the country is a tyranny disguised as a democracy in international eyes. All the political figures in the country have either been trying to twist this event and make it fit their agenda, or giving canned responses about it.


They need help. They need international citizens to write to their embassies, political parties and news outlets. There are children getting beaten within inches of their lives, people going missing, dying, and propogandised as violent, when it was the most peaceful and nonviolent thing ever. They need you.
I can provide video evidence and photos which i collected from peoples personal facebook account. as the news is being censored people are live borad casting the situation via their own facebook profile pm me if anyone wants photo and video evidence
I don't know where to start, this is horrifying situation. [Internet is gone in my country](https://bdnews24.com/bangladesh/2018/08/04/authorities-slow-mobile-internet-to-quell-student-protests) They've slowed it down to **1.28 KBPS** that is not a typo.

I will make this as short as I can, and I've tried to submit this elsewhere but my reddit posts get removed too (though thats probably because of strict mods and not goverment censorship hopefully.)

* It started when a 2 students were killed by Bus who disobeyed traffic laws.
* Soon tens of thousands of protestors came out on the street enforcing traffic laws by thesmelves ensuring no one else has to die, all this incredibly peacefully.
* The government sent out, what I can only describe as their version of "Hitler Youth"
* Rape, Murder, Assault by the Hitler Youth have been carried out. 
* Any posts on Facebook, Youtube, that ~~make light~~ display these crimes against humanity seems to dissapear instantly.

People are having their livestreams taken down, YOUTUBE videos are taken down from popular youtubers.

My freinds in Bangladesh are having their facebook posts removed, some are even being blocked and banned. HOW CAN FACBEOOK bend to GOVERNMENTS like this?

I don't know if the people in my country have access to internet or not right now. Websites reporting on this from Bangladesh are so slow right now I can't acess them. Someone please try accessing https://www.dhakatribune.com/ I can't.

I am in Singapore right now so I am able to access the internet just fine but I can't seem to contact any of my friends and families back home. It seems the government has cut off internet access to deter protest of an entire country. This is horrifying, this can not be acceptable in the modern world. They are doing this so that international media can not get a hold of the horror coming out of Bangladesh.

Our voices are being actively silenced. We need your help, whoever is reading, just know that this is going on, please let the world know about this and I would like ANY advice on how to set up a way for communications with my country to still go on.

Edit:

I usually hate making edits, as it deters from the original comment but I need to thank all of you for incredible support, I am slowly seeing more and more international news media get information (although some of them are accidentally reporting government propaganda as they can't verify a lot of info)

I am safe, and for the foreseeable future I will be, thank you everyone for asking.

Please Join our live thread for further information:  https://www.reddit.com/live/11e4mknpbhjqr


Edit: [Link to chang.org petition](https://www.change.org/p/united-nations-enlist-bangladesh-chhatra-league-bcl-as-a-terrorist-organization) provided by u/Michimik.

If you look at u/farhadjaman's profile, you can see how badly peaceful student protesters are being beaten, raped, and murdered. Their government is removing social media posts and likely going to block the internet in that region. u/farhadjaman's posts have been removed in multiple subreddits and he is begging reddit to help the world become aware of the atrocities his government is currently inflicting on peaceful student protesters.
29 July, 2018. Diya, Karim and some fellow students finished their classes. Maybe they were feeling the thrill of returning home like all other teen-agers. They were standing beside the road for a bus. A bus (Jabale Nur) tried to overtake another bus in an intention of getting passengers first. But this unnecessary overtake took two lives there. The bus smashed those students beneath it. Dia and Karim were killed on spot. And some other seriously injured kids were taken to hospital. 
Well, Mr. Shahjahan Khan, naval minister of Bangladesh government was asked about this brutal accident that day. He replied with a hideous smile that  33 people died in India some days ago, but that was not a great issue for them. so it's not logical to get exited about this.   Yeah, nice logic, huh!
Students already raised their voice for justice for their class mates. And this kind of reaction, from a guy who represents our government, made this issue stronger. Students protested, not only against transport owners but also against the government. Governments silence in this kind of incident was never to be expected but not shocking for Bangladesh to be honest. 
Well, student started a countrywide movement. Students allover the country tried to get involved in this, practically on road or virtually on social media. They proposed 9 demands in order to make roads safere and reduce the chances of road accidents. 
Students claimed their demands in a peaceful way. Yeah, they blocked some roads, and congregate together. but communication was not fully stopped. Maybe people felt some kind of disturbance, but to be honest most of the people were positive about this movement, at least social media says so. 
This movement was not all about some blockings, slogans and stuff. Students started to control the roads. They started to order the vehicles. And roads in Bangladesh never looked this much organised before. They checked licence of every driver and vehicle on road, though it is something that traffic polices should do. A huge number of drivers were found illegal on road and they were submitted to police. And surprisingly this number includes police politicians, ministers. Isn't it obvious for a system where licence is hardly checked on roads and if you are caught without licence, you get another option, BRIBE THE POLICE. But people in Bangladesh were really satisfied with these youngsters.

Whatever, students peacefully continued this movement for six straight days, and the government barely took any step. On the seventh day, 4th of August, students were also on roads with their demands. Then Bangladesh Chatra League (a student wing of present government) attacked on students with direct or indirect support from Bangladesh Police. Students were brutally attacked at Jhigatala, Dhaka. As far news from students and witnesses there, 3 or 4 students are already dead. 4 female students were raped at their party office. And then these cowards attacked students all over Dhaka. Students died, girls were harassed, some students were  badly injured.  They took out an eye from a student. Unbelievable! And another shocking point is, Bangladeshi media is kind of not interested in these attacks. Still they are highlighting on how this movement is disturbing our regular life! 
It's really tough for a guardian to let his son/daughter attend the movement in this situation. And if a student attends, it is a life risk now. And maybe the movement got it's unofficial end here. All the students wanted was safety on road. I think less corruption, more awareness could bring safe roads. Maybe the government was not ready to say no to corruption. Maybe they could not love public support in this movement. After all they got an election this year. But using police and chatra league to remove these kids was unacceptable and unforgivable.


Now our last hope is the "INTERNATIONAL MEDIA". our government is removing every evidence from social media and they are also trying to block Facebook.
If we don't get any international media help, maybe the coutry will start vanishing from this moment

Students of Bangladesh need help. 
We need the attention of International Media

We Want Justice

[deleted]
**Edit: Now 6th on the BBC News' 'Most Read'. Moved four places higher in 40 minutes, at this rate [we can get this article](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-45069935) the most read on BBC News.**

Several international news agencies are now reporting - UK, Norway, Netherlands, France. Keep it up!

It's the top story on the BBC News app under World News, and is now in the top ten 'Most Read' articles across the app. 

Jesus this is heartbreaking. /u/hastagelf there isn't much I can do being in America, I don't even really know what to say. This is sickening and evil. 

Edit: tweeted your post to AP, Reuters, Amnesty international, UN human rights commission, human rights commission, human rights watch. I feel so helpless but hopefully one of them will see it.
At this moment, at 2 am in the morning, the Chhatro League (the monstrous student league of the ruling party) is raiding homes in the Bashundhara neighbourhood with sticks and rods, checking up people's phones. Any hint of dissent leads to that person being beaten up. This is what we're living in.
Yeah, we should do what we can to help them. Giving them a channel to communicate and spread information is crucial
Washington Post is running the story now. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/worldviews/wp/2018/08/04/protesters-paralyze-parts-of-bangladesh-after-a-speeding-bus-kills-two-students/?noredirect=on
even the hospitals are not taking in badly injured students
I feel like YouTube and Facebook have a responsibility here and they are shirking it in a colossal way. So much for free information and the internet and whatnot.
[deleted]
They were/are doing the same stuff in Cameroon. The "President" started closing down schools because he felt they sewed anti-gov sentiment and had armed gaurds attacking students trying to go to school. They were murdering innocent people in the streets. I've seen first hand video taken of what could only be described as a war on citizens. Oh and once these videos started popping up online the "president" cut the internet for that entire part of the country. 
[deleted]
I feel for him and all of the innocent, but what can we possibly do to help? 

Most countries aren’t doing the world’s greatest job of managing their own houses right now.
And r/pics removed his post about it, which also makes this r/worstof worthy
And the mods of r/pics removed one of his posts because of the title. Fucking hell, their mods are one of the worst. 
I can’t believe the mods of some of the subreddits are removing posts for inappropriate titles, look at what he’s posting, the world needs to see this.
This is REAL patriotism and courage. Throwing yourself in the line of fire, in an effort to save many others, and not backing down in the face of danger. Truly admirable and we are all with you and your people.
Internet has been throttled here in Bangladesh. 3g and 4g has been switched off. I was passing by Science Lab where most of the attack happen and I saw a group much older men chasing uniformed students in the street. 
[removed]
6.16am in Australia. This atrocity is getting news attention now!
**The BBC News' article about Bangladesh is now at Number 6 'Most Read' on the BBC News app. It moved four places higher in 40 minutes, at this rate [we can get this article](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-45069935) to the top of the 'Most Read' list on BBC News.**

Edit: It may be personalised but the article has dropped off the top ten 'Most Read', though it's still the main article on the 'World' news feed. Please keep clicking on the article for views so more people can see it!
Even though more media outlets are covering this, they're severely watering down the situation. 

[The BBC](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-45069935) is only saying that "people have been injured" and that "one woman states she was molested while trying to film the events".

[The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/worldviews/wp/2018/08/04/protesters-paralyze-parts-of-bangladesh-after-a-speeding-bus-kills-two-students/) hasn't even acknowledged the fact that atrocities are occurring as we speak, as they only seem to be interested in focusing on the triggering event of the two people killed by the bus last week. The article focuses more on traffic deaths in Bangladesh then the current state of affairs.

We need to do anything we can to get ACTUAL coverage of what's happening instead of allowing a vanilla version of this event from being covered.
[deleted]
Not the first time mods/admins removed posts/threads like these.

Fuck is wrong with them?
Hey /u/washingtonpost can you explain why this isn't on the front page of your website, like, *at all?*

Hey /u/Particle_Man_Prime,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Bless this kid. So much of the time we never realize how fucked up other governments are other than the ones we live under. Spread the word about this.
I hope others are also upvoting this for visibility 
if you're in the US please tweet, instagram DM, or anything to journalists in the country. There's no mention of this on any US news site
The whole situation is absolutely appalling. The student is so brave standing up to this brutality. They are PEACEFUL protesters and STUDENTS.
Just a reminder to all you shit heads around the world right now gunning for a new rise in fascism.  This is what you're asking for, this is the future you want.
Looking at his post history, it's tragic to see his posts from a few days ago – shots from *Rebel Without A Cause,* Johnny Cash photos and other typical college kid ephemera – compared to the horrorshow that he's now trying to document for the world to see.

The thing about tyrannical, authoritarian regimes is the thin, brittle line between "It's okay, it's only a *bit* worse than it was yesterday" to being compelled to say, "This must end."

If you sense your government is slipping towards authoritarianism, led by a lying, tainted despot, appointing corrupt, insulated hacks brought in to destroy the departments they run from within, whose idea of governing is to hold yet another political rally where he screams the greatest hits from the disingenuous claims that got him into office in the first place, then the time to fight and protest is *before* their thugs swarm the streets to break heads and run down peaceful protesters.

And if elections are still in place, vote them out. While you still can.

Like, hypothetically, just to pick a random example month, this November. *Hypothetically,* of course. But yeah: vote this November.
I've written about it and I'm messaging every media outlet I can. I have downloaded and saved the evidence backlog as well. Realistically, is there anything else I can do?

[https://ablenaari.com/please-spread-the-word-children-are-being-raped-and-murdered-for-protesting-road-safety-in-bangladesh/](https://ablenaari.com/please-spread-the-word-children-are-being-raped-and-murdered-for-protesting-road-safety-in-bangladesh/)

EDIT: I SPEAK BANGLA. Can't read or write it. If anyone needs me to translate anything, please do tell. 
[deleted]
I wrote to the German embassy. I hope they may be able to help atleast the injured students, which get rejected by hospitals ...
Holy shit you linked his account.  You literally signed a death warrant on this person's head.

If he wasn't behind VPN + TOR he is going to be picked up and killed by his government.

Why /r/bestof why?  He literally asked for people not to link to him.
Holy fucking shit

What's the rest of the world waiting for...these kids can't defend themselves


edit: everyone saying we should invade need learn how to rub 2 brain cells together for once lol invading was a bad idea 70 years ago

There's a reason they disabled everyone's internet there, people need to start thinking of fighting back with their brains

props to the those who brought up economic sanctions or just plain spreading awareness over the internet

People need to learn what's happening in Bangladesh because it could happen to you no matter what country you live in, even in America, Americans have been killed for protesting. No country is safe 
We are really scared out here. For our lives, for our loved ones. I can't believe you can this a "independent" and "free" country.
 One of the government linked groups attacking students is led by this man:

[https://www.facebook.com/rabbanibsl](https://www.facebook.com/rabbanibsl)

His name is  Golam Rabbani. He is the president of the Chhatra League that have joined the police in killing kids.
Normally I don't up vote because it's usually some wave of popularity; however, this is serious and I believe my vote counts more than the US election. 

Edit: I realized this was my porn account, but the seriousness is the same. I'll continue to do more through other means.
I am 300 km from this in a neighbouring country. If history repeats itself in Bangladesh and there is a revolution. I don't think there will be a lot of help from India right now in this moment like there was in 1972.
I'm watching as news stations in the UK glide over the brutal murder and beating and simply focus on the protests. 

I also seem to have seen tweets and accounts deleted from people asking for help and awareness inside the country. I'm absolutely terrified to think that this is the reality we live in.
You've probably heard the story of two little mice falling in a bucket of cream. One of them gave up quickly and drowned. But the other one didn't give up, he struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. 

We're in the bucket now. Don't give up now. The last few days what the kids did was unimaginable and phenomenal. What happened to them today is unimaginable and brutal. 

#WeWantJustice 
Our species do not deserve to be at the top of the food chain. I’m embarrassed that even in our day and age that tyranny and dictatorship still exist. I know there is little I can do and for that I am sorry.
Bangladesh is not a democracy anymore. The opponent political party leader is being held up in Jail while government is letting our murderers and rapists from jail. 

Now prime minister sheikh hasina is using her dogs to rape and murder school children. 

BANGLADESH IS NOT A DEMOCRACY!
It's really sad, I have a female friend who is Bengali... She's been fortunate that she grew up some place else. She told one thing that really stuck with me, when last she went back to bengladesh to visit her Nanu she was talking about humanity with her female cousin there... This cousin said that "Here (in bengladesh) they're evil and people will kill you for nothing..." I can't imagine growing up in a place like that, with such a basic lack of empathy for people's suffering..  everyone is capable of good and bad to some degree, but such a level of cruelty I just can't relate to... 
Right now, he's asking for people to stop linking to his comment because he wants to go unnoticed by his government, I think we should follow through with his wishes
This needs more visibility!
Why is the Indian army sleeping???? Fucking March there and hand the people responsible for this to the mob. This is literally one of the purposes of their existence. Help the people of our allied neighbor!! Indian here.
The best thing we can do outside of Bangladesh is continue to talk and inform others. Share this story with everyone you know. We have the power to project the voice of these students and we need to use it. 
Many news sites are spinning this as "students have screwed up bus service and are responsible for horrible road conditions in Bangladesh," including the Washington Post. Its driving me nuts that any news source would okay the headline like "students paralyze city." No, the government killing people with buses has resulted in this, not the students protesting the horrible conditions.
Well fuck. 

The country media is saying the injuries are minimal, whereas on site sources (doctors) are reporting significantly higher numbers. Fortunately the larger media is picking up on this story, so Bangladesh should start feeling some international pressure (I hope)

I know this has been asked, but is there anything us redditors can do (aside from contacting our respective government representatives)?
Literally no media in our country is reporting or covering what has been happening. So our only way to spread such news was through facebook. Surprisingly all the posts that I had shared started disappearing. What is happening?
Fuck me! Shit is really hitting the fan over there.
This is just like Tiananmen square 
Please stop! He needs the word to get out but his government is tracking any social media posts and blocking them. This being on the front page puts him and his family in danger. Spread the news not the messenger. 
Here's a repo of many videos and pictures (1.6gb) including a link to a torrent file that contains all the files in the directory.

I suggest you all seed if you can.

https://files.scd31.com/Bangladesh/
Some Bangladeshis on my fb hv also posted similar posts. 
A post linking to another post gets gilded 30 times.

What the fuck, Reddit?  Stop wasting your money on Reddit gold, put it towards shit that's actually useful.  Donate that money to charities.
US government you want to stick your nose everywhere, where are you when the people need you??? I hate my government. Upvoting and spreading the word, really wish I could do more.
Holy shit, can't believe this is happening in 2018
So..... What? What can I do..?
I'm a bit out of the loop - I've read the basic backstory on the protests, but why would the government respond this way to people protesting unenforced traffic laws? I really don't understand the logic there, the protesters say, "We'd like to not be run over by a bus" so the government sends out fascist militias to murder, torture, and rape protesters? I have to be missing some information there because that doesn't make any sense. 
Why isn't Indian government helping them? 
Posted to Twitter and attached links for further information. Spread the word, guys. 
Fuck the government of bangladesh.
Man after reading this iv never felt more useless and distressed for others I'd Like to hear in any way I can help
I had no idea this was happening, very weird that thier is such less media coverage.
It's a pity that this is happening as students are a future in the nation.
Sitting here Star struck. All I can do is to let you know I know the truth and I will talk about this in my current area that I am in. 
Spoke with my family in Dhaka few hours ago. They sounded pretty distressed at what they saw and didn’t want to talk over the phone.  
You can contact the US Bangladesh Embassy here: 
http://www.bdembassyusa.org/index.php?page=contact 
[deleted]
Fucking fascists. I wish anyone in Bangladesh a swift recovery. How do we help? I am an American citizen, and the last thing I want to do is involve my dictator-planting government.
This makes me realize that we are well and truly in the age of information. Power and control just by blocking access to information and communication. It's scary how much control governments and corporations have over people across the entire world. Very big brother-esque. Makes me vehemently support space infrastructure and development to keep this from happening. I should switch to the aerospace industry 
This is important, and this needs to be on the front page right now. 
Oh my God this is horrible 
I particularly like how the r/pic mods first removed the post. Further proof of how heartless people really are.
In Serbia, a highly popular newspaper and two TV stations are reporting on the atrocities in Bangladesh.

I'm praying for you guys. I'm spreading the news as much as I can.
Real talk I hate that this post has more upvotes than the guy's actual comment. I mean any upvotes this post gets is good too since it gets more eyes onto what's happening to these students, but fuck I wish more people would support the direct source and get that more visibility too.
If you have a twitter please help get the hashtag trending and @ news sites! 

https://twitter.com/indigoostrich67/status/1025790116856561665?s=19
Guys, just help us spread the message. The world should know what is happening in Bangladesh. It's only morning now, and today is gonna be a long day...
#WeWantJustice 
Some facts we need to know about our beloved motherland Bangladesh:
1.We live in an independent country
2.The value of a life is 20 lakh taka here in Bangladesh.
3.Death is a thing of joke here.
4. Demanding justice is unnoticeable.
5.Our internet is shut down when we protest through online.
6.Chatro league is a student organization.
7.Accidents are so frequent here that they shouldn't be a discussable issue.
8.Police is for human safety here.
9.Students control the country way to better than the Government.
If there's anything reddit is good for it has to be this. Uovote, share, post on other social media and talk to people about this shit!
This front page link to his comment probably got him killed.
There is another dictator in rise. What a surprise. 
Every time a community suffers the negligence of its government and take even the slightest action to self-govern they are always astonished to find out quikly that the state is not their friend.
NSFW is in profile. Prayers to you guys.
Biden wins by a single vote in a Massachusetts town, u/microwavewagu recalls how he drove 1 hour to vote there after being denied at his local polling place. Every vote counts!

A few years ago in my city there was a State Representative race that was a literal tie. 

It just so happened that this race would also decide the control of the State House. The tie was broken by someone selecting a name out of a bowl.

And that’s how the republicans took control of the Virginia House.
Technically, everyone who voted was that single vote
But how would this affect MA electoral votes or the election? Is this just about bragging rights?
And what does he get for "winning" the town?  MA's 11 EVs were decided by 1,020k votes.
some girl drove 20 hrs though
You are allowed to vote where you are registered. He wasn’t denied at a polling station, he was an idiot who tried to vote in the wrong place, then has no idea how his vote is actually counted if he thinks winning a town is important. 
Wth are all the people in the comments congratulating him on?
Yeah, that's not how this works. MA went for Biden by over a million votes.
This qualifies as a best of?
Biden 65.7% 2,304,022 votes

Trump 32.5% 1,138,716 votes

It was REALLY close in MA
In the small town I grew up in, I was the last person to turn 18 before the 2016 election. Hillary won by one vote, and it was the first time the town had ever gone blue.
Democrats win 2:1 in Massachusetts. That single vote doesn’t matter.

If ever the state flipped, then this would be interesting. No one I vote for ever wins.
Interesting that in MA you can vote in a place an hour from where you live and still be in the same voting district.  Having the full slate of candidates for all levels of government be the same on the ballot in such a big area seems very weird. You can't, so far as I know, vote for candidates outside the district you live in.  That generally would be voter fraud. 

And yes, this made no difference except to highlight how well Trump did in one town in the otherwise solidly-Blue Massachusetts.
I get that this isn’t much of an accomplishment but why the hell are people trying to tear down people from voting? Like the whole reason this mess is happening is because people don’t vote. Don’t discourage voting in any way shape or form, shame on you people.
This reads like something a 14 year old would write for a C+ paper in a US Government class
There's no such thing, at least not in a meaningful way, as winning a town
How does winning a town by one vote in a state that’s heavily blue matter.... at all? That’s not how states are won in the electoral college. This is bottom of the barrel liberal electoralism propaganda
Never believe your vote doesn’t count. Even if you’re not in a swing state, if everyone voted your local elections may end up looking significantly different. Always do your research and vote.
The title was longer than their post.
This is the dumbest shit in the world. I’m sure none of the other tens of thousands of votes that Biden won by in MA if it wasn’t for one vote. 

Who comes up with this shit?
Thanks to the Electoral College, my vote did not count.

Abolish the EC.
Guys... it's a shitpost. That's what we DO on r/Boston.

The whole sub is a giant inside joke. See our history for such hits as "Port City" and "We're a bird sub now"

Mascots include Elliot Davis and Keytar Bear.
But vote breakdown by town doesn't matter, so...
Uh you can’t just go somewhere and vote? You’re registered to an area?
Why am I getting downvoted? That’s now how voting works.
Fact check: This one vote meant nothing
This is the most irrelevant post I’ve ever seen
If you believe this, then I feel sorry for you...
MA is overwhelmingly blue Biden won by over a million this one vote means square root of jack shit.
Reddit: Make sure to VOTE. Every vote counts 

Also Reddit ITT: Who cares? Your vote doesn’t count
It’s a wild feeling, being that “one vote”. I first voted in the 2016 election and (like a lot of you probably) felt like my vote was futile. I know MA is a blue lock, but feeling like your vote actually had a big enough difference to turn a whole town blue? Crazy. I’m never getting rid of my “I Voted” sticker that I got the day my vote flipped a historically red town. Go us!!!! We did it!!
Concerning Massachusetts, does anyone think it's kind of messed up that the Governor, Charlie Baker,  didn't cast a vote for President? What the hell kind of example is this?
This also happened in Sutton,MA. One vote more for Biden
A single tear dropped off a DC voter’s face.
Every vote counts... if you live in a swing state
I highly doubt it came down to 1 vote. But it makes a great headline
I call bs on this. In Massachusetts you can only vote in the precinct where your physical address is. So you can't just drive an hour to be some hero. You'd get denied cus your name isn't on the list.
Does Massachusetts vote for president by town?  If not, why is this being used to show how every vote counts.
Biden won Massachusetts 65% to 35%, but yeah “every vote matters”
So if every vote counts... why was the popular vote overturned by the electoral college last time around? Honest question.
It was nice to see MA go full blue, but I can't say this really proves every vote matters. It wouldn't have changed anything electorially if Trump had taken one town in a blue sea. How much more weighted is each blue vote in MI compared to MA?
On the other flip of the coin is the republican that stayed home, which is a bit less of an exciting story.
Towns don't have separate electors in Mass, whoever wins the state gets all the electors, so you can't "win" a town in the presidential election.
Until republicans demand a recount and the ballot that u/microwavewagu drove an hour to submit is either trashed or disregarded for one reason or another.
Yes in a state where Biden won by over 1 million votes. His one vote made all the difference
Winning a town means nothing, though, of course. The one vote that tips a town from red to blue has exactly as much value as the millionth vote in an already deeply-blue region in the same state.
This isn’t the positive story this post suggests that it is. This man shouldn’t have had to drive an hour to fucking vote. What a disgrace.
It is so disheartening to think anyone is voting for Trump.
Someone somewhere didn’t vote for Trum and their conservative family will never let this go ahah enjoy thanksgiving.
Plot twist, his vote still didn’t count for shit
I was getting pressured by my family not to vote so I wasn't going to. On the day, though, I had to take my car somewhere to get a sensor replaced, decided to clean it up too. And thought "no one would know I took 30 minutes to vote, because mechanics and car washes can take a while. " So I snuck off to vote.
I'll take things that aren't real for 2000 Alex.
Every vote counts... except if you vote in California... cuz that's just a blue ass state
So not to be that guy but  Biden won by 1 million votes in Massachusetts. That one vote wouldn’t have made a difference actually.
God Almighty.

Name any job, any other job in the world, where you'd go into the manager's office and they'd say, "Well, it turns out that you lied on your resume, you've been working 5 hours a week on a full salary and most of _that_ time you spent on your phone sending tweets, you refuse to turn in any financial reports, we have extensive security cam footage of you jacking off onto the keyboards and shitting into the coffee maker, you've been embezzling from the payroll account, you've been giving away trade secrets to our competitors, you've insulted and alienated most of our clients, used company facilities to throw bunga-bunga parties on the weekend, several female employees have filed sexual assault complaints with HR, there are a bunch of Hispanic children locked in the janitor's closet, the company is 3.1 trillion dollars in debt, and 250,000 employees are dead.  So, we're having trouble deciding whether or not to let you go."

When and how did half the population of the entire country go bat shit insane??
BUT THEN 100K VOTES WERE FOUND AT 4AM! AMAZING
Masshole here!!! Anyone know where this was ?!
I mean didn't Biden get 100% of the votes in some town...

...a town with 5 whole residents?
In the big picture it doesn’t matter. Massachusetts always votes blue.
That's one one intense. Trump is gonna say some shit
This example doesn’t matter, but others do. I worked on a county executive election in 2014 which came down to one vote out of 40,000. One vote!!!
I'm not an American, so I'm not sure how the whole voting works and what not, but I am an advocate for voting and I will be using this story a lot in the future to urge people to vote.
Yeah but it was a different vote that won it
What is the point of this article?  Electoral votes are decided by popular vote within the state.  So this guys vote was just as valuable as the other Biden votes.
Brb making an “I got whelmed in Dakota” shirt
every voice counts. every voice matters. im listening to you all
I wouldn't advertise this for two reasons, one: electorally it was basically nothing, and two: that guy's definitely getting some sort of death threat for being an "outsider".
Yet you have Georgia and 60095 votes going to Jo Jorgensen that could have gone to Biden and flipped it Blue.
Redditor jokes about Trump claiming credit for airline passenger safety in 2017 few hours before Trump actually does exactly that

Does this mean he's to blame when the next one crashes? Or will that be everyone else's fault?
> Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/948195478428102657

[This is the latest I can find on his air traffic control privatization plan.](http://thehill.com/policy/transportation/357871-trumps-air-traffic-control-overhaul-would-trigger-spending-cuts?amp)

You may remember this press conference from 2017 where he didn't seem to quite grasp the idea that signing this bill wasn't the same as passing a law. The Senate dropped it shortly thereafter, as it somehow created cuts in Medicare, FEMA, military retirement and other things.
so before i joined in i googled to see if he did actually do anything.  the only thing i could find is something about cancelling an obama era idea that they had to be honest about the cost of bag fees. i guess being able to mislead people about bag fees saved lives. 


fucking lol. 
To the trainers, policy makers at the faa , engineers, pilots, mechanics, etc. who have worked for decades to get commercial aviation to this point, this tweet must be really fucking insulting. 
America has finally peaked and gotten to the point of predictable self-parody.  I can't even comprehend my country right now.  
That's how predictable Trump is. He will take credit for anything that makes him look good. Everything else is FAKE NEWS! 
We need to announce that no children were molested in 2017 and see if he takes the bait.
You gotta be fucking kidding me. 
[removed]
The funny thing is, if this weren't completely ridiculous and he actually was "very strict on Commercial Aviation," would that mean that he was enacting a bunch of big bad **REGULATIONS**?



So... you think regulating businesses is good, then?
This would be funny if it wasn't so sad.
How I imagine /u/theonetrueNathan is [celebrating his accurate prediction.](https://media.giphy.com/media/SYRI3emkYimmA/giphy.gif)
Meanwhile, [coal worker deaths have increased](http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/367034-coal-mining-deaths-skyrocket-in-2017). Asshole was so busy keeping planes in the air he forgot to not kill coal workers.
The only thing he’s done for air traffic is clog up the eastern seaboard on his weekly migrations to and from Mar a Lago. Shuts down the entire fucking area for a half hour every time there’s an Air Force One flight in or out.
So... If a terrorist attack on an airplane happens this year, we can hold Trump personally responsible?
[removed]
Remember, anyone on his side of the aisle not calling him out on trivial bullshit like this is part of the problem.  Enabling idiots is a huge problem in Washington, get out and vote anytime you have a chance people!
Trump's law: assume the stupidest thing he couldn't possibly say.  
He'll say and possibly do it.
[deleted]
When CNN reported this yesterday, the Facebook comments were filled with trolls thanking Trump for this achievement. Lol
The same thing happened under Bush. People were joking they were going to reclassify fast food jobs as "manufacturing" jobs since you assembled food instead of cooking it. Within the month someone at the Bush labor dept seriously proposed it although it ultimately wasn't adopted. 
Last summer I made a joke about the possibility of Trump defending child molesters. It only took 3 months for it to become fact. 
I rose relatively well through the ranks of the FAA, writing federal policy, before resigning as a manager last summer. And, based on my experience, I can tell you with 100% certainty that President Trump has had no impact on aviation safety. (I would say the same about nearly any past president, at least since the DOT/FAA have been a thing.)
Does he also claim credit for all the people that were beaten up and removed from planes in 2017 too?
The dude is either a dementia ridden old man, or an absolute genius mole intentionally trying to undermine the republican party.
Should we tell him about the people dying at neo nazi protests since he was elected or...?
Jesus, we are truly in a post factual era with this moron of a president. Even his own airplane during his campaign had a pilot error induced incident with no fatalities, with Pence onboard, on a severely botched landing by the FO. This was confirmed by the ntsb in the official final report (below). That was 2016, but still intellectually dishonest to claim that he is some new stallwart supporter of aviation safety.

http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2016/10/27/mike-pence-plane-laguardia/

https://app.ntsb.gov/pdfgenerator/ReportGeneratorFile.ashx?EventID=20161027X20715&AKey=1&RType=Final&IType=IA
"I've been very involved in UGA football this year and look!"
I know it will never happen, but I wish that I would live long enough to see trump escorted out of the White House in handcuffs. 
Yep and his sycophants will just eat it up. 
So he takes credit for any little thing that goes right with the nation but when things go wrong he is no where to be seen and all of a sudden it’s everyone else’s fault but his.. sounds like a child 
Trump just took credit not just for US passenger safety, but for the passenger safety of the whole fucking world - in places where he has no jurisdiction. 

Holy shit this guy is full of himself.
[removed]
"Oh did something work good while I'm in office? It was me, I did it"
This dipshit is so fucking stupid, he doesn’t even realize that the current administrator of the FAA is from the Obama administration, who started in January of 2013...
He makes america look like one big joke
I don't know how people still support this absolute embarrassment of a president.
Every time I see a thread like this I sort by controversial and always see comments from Trump supporters saying things like "This isn't humor","This doesn't belong here", "oh look another anti-Trump circlejerk", etc. but the other thing I have noticed is these people never even attempt to justify or defend what Trump did that the topic is poking fun at, they just attack reddit as a whole instead. 


All those Mexican birds flew back down south after Trump got elected!  Thanks Trump!

*"You do realize birds migrate south every winter, right?"*

SHUT UP, FACTS.

(I assume this is how Trump voters think)
He's responsible for every good thing that happens, and every bad thing is someone else's fault. That's narcissism 101.
Trump is so good, he has the ability to improve WORLDWIDE airline safety.


Jesus fucking Christ, ill take anything that'll get this moron out of office.
[deleted]
This is so fucking embarrassing. I cringe every morning when I remember this clown is president.
Can’t wait for him to claim how tough he is on crime that his justice department did the impossible and indicted a sitting president. 

I’d give him a ton of credit for that. 
Trump is a walking joke. I feel sorry for the citizens of the United States.
Remember when we used to joke about a Madman in North Korea who is famous for taking credit for shit he didn't do.
Does this mean he will take the blame when a plane eventually does go down?
Zero deaths, but how many beatings?
How is this the safest year on record when anyone could be knocked unconscious and dragged off the plane for refusing to give up their seat?
Not only did Obama appoint the head of the FAA, Trump has signed executive orders to remove regulations that made airlines safer. 
I read his comment and got a good laugh because it wasn't that far from the truth. Went back to bed for a few hours and now this.
Come on... 2018 has to be the year we're done with this guy
how did they swing this one over on T_D
We are living in the meme timeline
Is this our country's equivalent of jumping the shark? 
What are the numbers on shark attacks this year? Maybe we can get him to try and claim responsibility for that too?
This actually isn't funny anymore. This guy needs to gtfo out office. 
He really is insane, isn't he? 
I wonder if this will trigger Trump supporters.

*sorts by controversial*

yup
He's a psychopathic walking parody at this point
But did he make the trains run on time? Sad! 
The Executive Producer of the United States, the greatest human comedy in the world, claims credit for work initiated by a stage hand
What he said is kind of true.  As long as he is on the golf course he can't mess with the airlines.
Wow.  Trump never ceases to surprise, while being totally predictable at the same time. 
"Hey don't crash"  -Donald trump 
"Haters will say otherwise but 2017 has been asteroid free thanks only to me. Also, no black holes since I took office, clearly because of me and no one else."
Orange clown, orange clown, please leave town, orange clown.
There have been no extinction level gamma-ray bursts in the past year. Thanks Trump!

:|
And 2018 should be safer yet. With advancements in technology there should always be improvement
Trump, sadly, is easy to predict.

Anything good is his doing. Anything bad is something others did to him. 
The quality of political best ofs are extremely uneven, but this is pretty damn impressive.
When is Trump going to take responsibility for Roy Halladay's death?  I'm waiting patiently, Donald, and his family is too...
Sir, Just because you now fly on the most capable passenger jet, air force one, does not mean that you have done anything.
Trump's team trolls T_D for issues that will resonate with his base. I would not be surprised if they are also trolling other subreddits, looking for issues to stoke outrage among the opposition.

Gotta keep everyone busy with fake, emotional issues while the real changes get made. 
The sun comes up in the morning: Due to Trump; there was no sun before he took office.

The weather is cold where you're at: A Deep State scheme.
I feel like I am living an episode of Black Mirror.  
Okay, can one of his supporters defend this move? I promise to not antagonise people that respond. I just want to see how anyone could possibly defend this. 
If you flew and didn’t die, you too can take credit. Put that shit in your resume. 
Sunrise will hereafter be referred to as "Trumprise."
Trump is such an arrogant little shit, he didn’t do anything but still takes credit for it. Just shows how shitty and predictable he is.
It was kinda fun for the first few months, and comical every now and then, you could find the funny in the sad, but at this point you run out of things to say or think. The fact that he doesn't understand or realize obvious things, the fact that he doesn't know where, how or when to take credit for anything. The stupidity of everything. You could continue to make jokes and puns, but it's exhausting and repetitive at this point.  At this point in his presidency, every time I see something like this, I can only muster up enough strength to think to myself...

"what a moron"

And that is the least and the most you can say about him anymore.
So, Osama Bin Laden was killed under Obama's administration but we shouldn't be thanking Obama we should be thanking our military and our soldiers for the accomplishment but when airline safety reaches record numbers we are supposed to thank Trump but not our pilots?
So we’re all gonna be a part of one of the biggest societal collapses in history. That’s something 
Its just sad at this point. I never thought the POTUS would become the laughingstock of the world. 
The president of the United States is a crowing buffoon.
Not bad considering he did it all in between golf strokes. 
For fucks sake... what have we come to.
He is the modern day King Canute. 
It's almost like we should just make, fake news so Donald can claim achievements of something that never happened. Making his presidency more of a farse than it already is. 
Coming soon the official White House press release: Dear Leader Trump Again Scores 126 Holes-In-One During Week Of Golf Outings.
This is fucking unbelievable
How did he even get elected? This is the big question.
Quick, some Redditor please claim the President has resigned in disgrace.
America is the biggest global joke.

If that's how a superpower acts. We're all fucked.
User launches site to search forged comments in your name to the FCC in an effort to collect evidence of astroturfing. Comcast sends Cease and Desist.

[deleted]
[Comcastroturf.com](https://www.comcastroturf.com/) is the website in question. Points to the developer for a clever evocative name.

edit--

People keep saying that the name *comcastroturf* is trademark infringement, but as mentioned in the linked post, website domain names are protected by free speech and fair use, as cited by several court cases of the same subject. The whole point of the post is that it's ironic that comcast is in such a rush to get this taken down, when the tool can be used to verify their innocence.
This is the best thing I've seen on Reddit in weeks. A user that's fed up with Comcast's bullshit is doing something about it. Getcha popcorn ready, boyz!
[removed]
[removed]
Is there way that I could help with figuring out which comments are real? I wouldn't mind knocking on a few doors if they aren't too far from me. 

Edit: R.I.P. my inbox. I just wanted to help find out if any of them were genuine... 

Edit2:It's not stopping... Send help.
The comcastroturf site works fine for me, however the fcc site search refuses to load. Anyone else experiencing this?
How is this legal for Comcast to do? Use your information to post as you on a government board? This seems like it would be an easy class action lawsuit, but I'm not a lawyer so I could be completely wrong. 
I love a good circlejerk but the cease and desist was not sent by Comcast or their lawyers. It came from Lookingglass Cybersolutions, a service that crawls the tubes looking for your trademark and sends an auto-generated C&D when it finds a hit. Lookingglass is not a law firm and Comcast is probably not even aware of this site.

I switched from Comcast a year ago to a local cable provider. Much faster internet, better prices, and more add-on options. Plus they randomly give us a free month of HBO. 
Wow, the copy/paste Anti Net Neutrality comments specifically mention wanting to promote "a truly free and open internet for everyone", when that's the exact opposite of what killing Net Neutrality will do, as evidenced by Comcast fighting against this very website!

I'm sure people already know this, but without Net Neutrality, internet providers can block, filter, prioritize, and charge more for whatever content benefits *them*, which is anything but fair or "open".

I literally think those that oppose Net Neutrality (and don't have a vested interest in blocking it) don't fully understand it...
the search didn't work so I manually put in the information and discovered I submitted a comment back in 2014 too for net neutrality (14-28). No fake comments either =)
[deleted]
God, our country is shit. People will literally do anything for money, even fuck over and lie to their fellow countrymen. Comcast has zero shame and is utterly fucking disgusting.
The "Top Filer Names" on the search site is fun:

* [Adrian Morgan](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Adrian%20Morgan&limit=25&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)
* [Marcy Ingham](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Marcy%20Ingham&limit=25&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)
* [Michael Smith](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Michael%20Smith&limit=25&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)
* [James Brown](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=James%20Brown&limit=25&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

All saying the same thing.  Also, it looks like we have our culprit right here: [CFIF](http://www.cfif.org/v/index.php/commentary/62-technology-and-telecom/3596-center-for-individual-freedom-mobilizes-americans-opposed-to-the-obama-administrations-title-ii-internet-power-grab-)
From their site
> The message concerned Americans are sending to the FCC points out the harms of the Title II approach and supports Chairman Pai’s current plan to repeal the Obama Administration’s power grab.

And then the site goes on to quote the message on all of these FCC messages, verbatim.

Edit: The CFIF organization is a 501c(4) and it champions dark money, previously it helped tobacco companies too, and I'm betting good money that Comcast paid these guys to astroturf the FCC site.
John Cena chimed in. 

https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/10510151828171
WHat the fuck? I submitted a comment myself, this is what i said;

"It's my understanding that the FCC Chairman intends to reverse net neutrality rules and put big Internet Service Providers in charge of the internet. I am firmly against this action. I believe that these ISPs will operate solely in their own interests and not in the interests of what is best for the American public. In the past 10 years, broadband companies have been guilty of: deliberately throttling internet traffic, squeezing customers with arbitrary data caps, misleading consumers about the meaning of “unlimited” internet, giving privileged treatment to companies they own, strong-arming cities to prevent them from giving their residents high-speed internet, and avoiding real competition at all costs. Consumers, small businesses, and all Americans deserve an open internet. So to restate my position: I am against the chairman's plan to reverse the net neutrality rules. I believe doing so will destroy a vital engine for innovation, growth, and communication."

Searching my name gives me this;

"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone."
[deleted]
LOL my name is on there 4 different times all from different cities, and states. Yet they all say the exact same copy and paste anti NN comment. 

Edit: just noticed 3 of which are all posted on the exact same day, the other is a day or two ahead of the others. 
Is the site working for anyone? Blank page for me.

Not comcastoturf but the FCC page.
I went and looked, and it seems that my name is not listed on the filings at all. Which I find more concerning than it being used by someone else, because I consistently file my comments whenever these issues come up and it looks like they've been scrubbed from public record. Is there any way to see what happened to my comments over the past 3 years?
Sure would be awful if this cease and desist letter elicited blowback on Comcast in a sabatoge-esque fashion on their company property. 
It seems to be case sensitive on my end.

John smith returns nothing
John Smith returns many
I'll probably get buried, but I thought companies have a legal obligation to protect their intellectual copyright.

Edit: trademark! Not intellectual copyright!
I always tell people that when I worked for them before they'd even ask 

 A) I did actually work for Satan

 and 

B) everything you read about them is true
Not me, but 5 submissions under my (rather common) name with various addresses all over the country.  All contained exactly the same copypasta:

*The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone.*
I typed in "John Smith" and received 131 filing results. All of them were the same copy/pasted anti-net neutrality statement about Obama and Title II being too much regulation.  Each comment had a different ID, this is astroturfing at it's finest!

[Link to search results, see for yourselves!](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=John%20Smith&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

Oh hey I'm Canadian and have a pretty unique name and even I apparently weighed in on this hahahaha
I'm so pissed about this. I searched my last name just to make sure my name didn't pop up in any odd way. After seeing all is well and my name isn't being used I started reading a few of the latest submissions.

And WHAT THE HELL people are writing "Obama's attempt to regulate the market is destroying jobs", "please roll back his regulations," and "title II is a positive step towards a free and open internet"?!?!?

It's like someone duped a bunch of ignorant or stupid people by saying, "hey, Obama tried to regulate the internet, but Trump is gonna fix it, we will file for you if you sign this."
So... my name wasn't used, but I keep finding "common names" like, James Jones, or even Jane Doe. Which all were submitted on the same day, at the same time, with the exact same message ( a lot of them have fake addresses as well). 

Obviously I can't report a case if it isn't my name, but is there anything I can do for ones like these that are blatantly obvious to be fake?
Found one from [Lebron James] (https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/10511018494827). Same anti Obama script as the rest.
Found the name of my gf's mom on the list. Although they're in a different state, the comment is the exact same and posted on the same day as other bots. I know mom doesn't know what Net Neutrality is. I have doubt this other person, if they exist there, would know about it. Does anyone recognize Central Islip, NY among the bots and bs that you've seen?
After everything he's said on the matter I was rather disappointed to see that John Oliver has come out as opposed to Title II
Thank you so much for the people who fight for us folks who have no idea how to fight back. Seriously. 
Search "Adam Smith". 9 different claims from 9 different people named Adam Smith with each person residing in a different state. Each one with the exact same wording.
I'd imagine it's because they are using "comcast" in their domain name.
I think it's safe to say you couldn't pull this shit in most countries, I wonder why you allow it to happen there. Seems weird to me.
So basically since you accept their terms of use, you are basically giving them authority to use your name and address? Or is this completely illegal?
Gonna be honest, I'm not surprised all five Donald Trumps are against it.

My favorite part is his address. That's gold, Jerry! GOLD!

Filing Detail
ID - 1050966234897

Proceeding - 17-108

Name of Filer - Donald Trump

Type of Filing - COMMENT

Filing Status - DISSEMINATED

Viewing Status - Unrestricted

Date Received - May 9, 2017

Date Posted - May 10, 2017

Address - 1600 Pesylvania Avenue

City - Albuquerque

State - NM

ZIP - 87109

Zip4+

Brief Comment

The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC t Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone.

Edit: formatting (sorry, I'm on mobile)
We need to start an expose attack against Ajit Pai everywhere. Just like we did against Tom Wheeler when he was considering ending Net Neutrality a few years back. He backed down. 
Start deluging his twitter account, Facebook and everywhere with demands that he stop this BS 
[deleted]
The front page right now: http://i.imgur.com/cSev6rV.png

But I'm not even mad because of how important this is. Fuck Comcast.
I looked up my zip code and there are a shitload of identical posts containing words like leftists,  liberals, soros, Obama ...wtf like they are trying to destroy the internet
Is this the same filing featured in the John Oliver show a few weeks ago?  If so, why ***isn't*** my name showing up when I search??
Hopefully someone is documenting all of this and keeping records before they try an hide it
I searched for a common name just to see what would happen and apparently all 26 people named "Bob Smith" have exactly the same opinion about "Obama's regulatory overreach." A sixth grader could tell that this was astroturfing. 
I made a pro-Net Neutrality comment to the FCC, but they don't seem to have any record of that...
HAHAH, if you search for "james smith" you'll get the same comment about "The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama..." from 8 different james smiths in 8 different states and addresses
So I just tested this out, using a super generic name (apologies to those with this name): Mike Smith. I got 17 results back. Out of those results, I found the fourth and seventeenth to be interesting. Both were submitted by a Mike Smith living at 4348 Fred Gardner Road, Kershaw, SC, 29067. At first I thought that maybe comcastroturf.com had pulled a duplicate record, but upon looking at the ID on each, the numbers differed: 10510176689255 for one, 10511134950812 for the other. Can someone explain this? Did the ISPs just get incredibly lazy/sloppy and reuse identities on these filings or is there another explanation?

Edit: spelling and it occurred to me to ask if someone could duplicate this
I typed in my own name and nothing came up. HOWEVER, I typed in a friend the name of my friend and his name came up twice. Not him, but both names had the SAME COMMENT written. THATS SOME FAKE SHIT RIGHT THERE
I found two with my name with two different addresses with the same exact comment. I didn't see my actual comment though. Man these people are so fucking shady. 
What do I do [now?](http://i.imgur.com/5phlheP.jpg)

[proof 1](http://i.imgur.com/w3erJbc.jpg)

[proof 2](http://i.imgur.com/JatJ1WI.jpg)

[proof 3](http://i.imgur.com/zDoUFQs.jpg)

Edit: xposted to OP
Just for funsies, [here's Trump's bot message](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/1051126405757).
So my grandpa has a comment posted as well. Totally doesnt sound like him. So do i sign the petition? That it?
I'm happy to see someone created www.comcastroturf.com to get to the bottom of this. 
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 50,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit50k](https://twitter.com/Reddit50k) and subreddit /r/reddit50k!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit50k/status/867182124012494848

--------------------

^^All ^^75,000 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit75k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit75k

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^100,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit100k](https://twitter.com/Reddit100k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit100k
Couldn't find the name of any family members, but I did find Jim Beam and Jack Daniels.
Is the site open sourced? Have they provided any guarantees they are not collecting names entered on that site for any purpose other than the one intended, or are not retaining any of the names provided?
Has net neutrality already been effectively dismantled? Are sites traffic and speed being affected yet? 
Great, my name wasn't found and I tried to submit twice and it made me believe that it worked, twice...but someone is able to spam the system? Great job FCC (webdevs).
I clicked search on the site and Nothing happened. It didn't even attempt to load anything.
So say Comcast or time warner or whoever is in fact responsible for all the fraudulent comments, how illegal is whatever they're doing? does it fall under identity theft or some other law? or is it the kind of grey area where they have nothing to worry about?
In case of an emergency you can go to:

www.comcastashadow.com

www.comcastaspell.com

www.comcastdoubt.com

and my favorite:

www.fidelcomcastro.com
Both my partner and I made legitimate comments on that Docket and no results are showing for either of our names.(i.e., there should be results and there aren't any) :(    
(edited to make more clear)
Anyone else unable to load the actual fcc page? I tried going there manually and clicking on the proceeding itself and that won't load either.
Wow, not only is my comment deleted, but another posting in my name with different address has a similarly worded post against net neutrality. Really creepy, America shouldn't be like this at all.
Indian here, I have learned three things about USA from reddit.

1. Comcast sucks.
2. Time Warner Internet is evil.
3. Mr. Rogers was a good guy.
There are 634 people with the name Howard used as a first name or last name. All 634 people wrote the exact same thing, down to the same punctuation... in sure its just a coincidence. 
[removed]
Redditor lists all the times IPSs have illegally broken Net Neutrality laws.

This is just a tangential issue, but for me one of the things that these types of posts makes clear is that fines for breaking the law need to be a percentage of a company's gross income for the prior year. 

None of this "you broke a law, so here's a million-dollar fine"

No, instead make it " you broke the law give us 2% of everything you made last year. 20 billion? Ok, give us $400,000,000 as a fine."
There's also when Netflix had to pay fees to Comcast

https://qz.com/256586/the-inside-story-of-how-netflix-came-to-pay-comcast-for-internet-traffic/
See also - FCC faking the "attack" on their commenting system - https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/6odans/fcc_now_says_there_is_no_documented_analysis_of/dkgxguo/
Here's another list from /r/outoftheloop

[linky] (http://reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/7elxew/whats_going_on_with_net_neutrality_ask_all_your/dq61ar0)

Edit...
I'll just paste it
From /u/the_brutally_honest

Also for anyone who tells you that "Net Neutrality is solving a problem that doesn't exist"... or anything along those lines:

Here's a brief history on what the internet companies were doing that triggered Net Neutrality to be put in place:

MADISON RIVER:  In 2005, North Carolina ISP Madison River Communications blocked the voice-over-internet protocol (VOIP) service Vonage. Vonage filed a complaint with the FCC after receiving a slew of customer complaints. The FCC stepped in to sanction Madison River and prevent further blocking, but it lacks the authority to stop this kind of abuse today.

COMCAST: In 2005, the nation’s largest ISP, Comcast, began secretly blocking peer-to-peer technologies that its customers were using over its network. Users of services like BitTorrent and Gnutella were unable to connect to these services. 2007 investigations from the Associated Press, the Electronic Frontier Foundation and others confirmed that Comcast was indeed blocking or slowing file-sharing applications without disclosing this fact to its customers.

TELUS: In 2005, Canada’s second-largest telecommunications company, Telus, began blocking access to a server that hosted a website supporting a labor strike against the company. Researchers at Harvard and the University of Toronto found that this action resulted in Telus blocking an additional 766 unrelated sites.

AT&amp;T: From 2007–2009, AT&amp;T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing VOIP phone services on the iPhone. The wireless provider wanted to prevent iPhone users from using any application that would allow them to make calls on such “over-the-top” voice services. The Google Voice app received similar treatment from carriers like AT&amp;T when it came on the scene in 2009.

WINDSTREAM: In 2010, Windstream Communications, a DSL provider with more than 1 million customers at the time, copped to hijacking user-search queries made using the Google toolbar within Firefox. Users who believed they had set the browser to the search engine of their choice were redirected to Windstream’s own search portal and results.

MetroPCS: In 2011, MetroPCS, at the time one of the top-five U.S. wireless carriers, announced plans to block streaming video over its 4G network from all sources except YouTube. MetroPCS then threw its weight behind Verizon’s court challenge against the FCC’s 2010 open internet ruling, hoping that rejection of the agency’s authority would allow the company to continue its anti-consumer practices.

PAXFIRE: In 2011, the Electronic Frontier Foundation found that several small ISPs were redirecting search queries via the vendor Paxfire. The ISPs identified in the initial Electronic Frontier Foundation report included Cavalier, Cogent, Frontier, Fuse, DirecPC, RCN and Wide Open West. Paxfire would intercept a person’s search request at Bing and Yahoo and redirect it to another page. By skipping over the search service’s results, the participating ISPs would collect referral fees for delivering users to select websites. 

AT&amp;T, SPRINT and VERIZON: From 2011–2013, AT&amp;T, Sprint and Verizon blocked Google Wallet, a mobile-payment system that competed with a similar service called Isis, which all three companies had a stake in developing.

EUROPE: A 2012 report from the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications found that violations of Net Neutrality affected at least one in five users in Europe. The report found that blocked or slowed connections to services like VOIP, peer-to-peer technologies, gaming applications and email were commonplace. 

VERIZON: In 2012, the FCC caught Verizon Wireless blocking people from using tethering applications on their phones. Verizon had asked Google to remove 11 free tethering applications from the Android marketplace. These applications allowed users to circumvent Verizon’s $20 tethering fee and turn their smartphones into Wi-Fi hot spots. By blocking those applications, Verizon violated a Net Neutrality pledge it made to the FCC as a condition of the 2008 airwaves auction.

AT&amp;T: In 2012, AT&amp;T announced that it would disable the FaceTime video-calling app on its customers’ iPhones unless they subscribed to a more expensive text-and-voice plan. AT&amp;T had one goal in mind: separating customers from more of their money by blocking alternatives to AT&amp;T’s own products. 

VERIZON: During oral arguments in Verizon v. FCC in 2013, judges asked whether the phone giant would favor some preferred services, content or sites over others if the court overruled the agency’s existing open internet rules. Verizon counsel Helgi Walker had this to say: “I’m authorized to state from my client today that but for these rules we would be exploring those types of arrangements.” Walker’s admission might have gone unnoticed had she not repeated it on at least five separate occasions during arguments.

Source has links to each case where you can read the legal documents about it: https://www.freepress.net/blog/2017/04/25/net-neutrality-violations-brief-history

[deleted]
That's not all the times... Comcast regularly identified and throttled any and all torrent traffic
2007(?)-2009: Verizon Wireless blocks access to the device GPS and therefore all third party PalmOS and Windows Mobile mapping/navigation apps and forces users to use their slow, unstable, inaccurate (potentially dangerous) VZNavigator... for an extra $20 a month.

Anyone remember that?
So what is the legal way to break Net Neutrality laws? 
##A Timeline

*"But we aren't doing anything wrong!"*

"Fine. But we're gonna make this rule just to help keep your word."

*"But... didn't you listen? We're not doing anything wrong already*"

"Good. Glad to hear it. But then why are you so concerned about us making this a rule if you're not doing anything wrong and don't plan to?"

#".....GOVERNMENT OVERREACH!!!!!!!!!!"
This kinda needs to be at the top of all these "save the net" websites. Preferably with sources. It's the ultimate answer to "why should I care?" and it all happened while the rules actually were still intact!
Internet Provider Services
They got something very wrong on that list.

[AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon blocked access to Google Wallet.](http://www.dslreports.com/shownews/TMobile-Blocking-Google-Wallet-to-Benefit-Isis-124298)

[Sprint was the only carrier that didn't and also the only carrier that fully supported Wallet plus full Google Voice integration.](https://www.pcmag.com/g00/article2/0,2817,2385986,00.asp?i10c.encReferrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8%3D)

While we're on the subject of T-mobile...

[They're also forgetting the T-Mobile BingeOn and Music Freedom which zero-rated specific services.](https://newsroom.t-mobile.com/news-and-blogs/binge-on-music-freedom-new-services.htm)

Verizon, AT&T, and T-mobile all have a history of not being net neutral. 

Verizon and AT&T are the worst about it.

T-mobile has been sneaky about it. People don't really see what T-Mobile is up to all the time and love them nonetheless.

Sprint, currently the weakest of the big 4 and not always 100% net neutral, was always the most net neutral of them all. They were also the only carrier to never get rid of Unlimited data during the rise of the smartphone.

The redditor's list is also missing a ton of ISP attempts to block torrent traffic and extort netflix plus Comcast's current plans to zero-rate their own streaming TV service by only making it available on Comcast's "slice of the internet" as a loophole.

Edit: Full-disclosure - I am not a Sprint employee but I am a Sprint customer mainly because they've continued to offer Unlimited data and have been the most net neutral of the 4 carriers.
If net neutrality is an important issue for you, make sure you register to vote and support a candidate that will uphold net neutrality: [Click here to find out how to register to vote in your state.](https://vote.gov)
"we've never had issues without it"

yeah because we haven't ever been without it in any modern sense. fucking stupid. 
E-mail FCC leadership. Blow up their Twitter accounts too. The [five commissioners](https://imgur.com/a/CCJTH) are the ones who will vote tomorrow. [Contact information here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership).

Twitter accounts:
[@AjitPaiFCC](https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC) / [@MikeOFCC](https://twitter.com/MikeOFCC) / [@BrendanCarrFCC](https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC)

[@MClyburnFCC](http://www.twitter.com/MClyburnFCC) / [@JRosenworcel](https://twitter.com/JRosenworcel)
The women are in favor of Net Neutrality and are strongly opposed to this Thanksgiving week vote.
Good thing the administration's idea is [reads law] ... an honor code. Awesome. 
_sigh_

That comment doesn't include the original links. See the [original comment.](https://np.reddit.com/r/KeepOurNetFree/comments/7ej1nd/fcc_unveils_its_plan_to_repeal_net_neutrality/dq5hlwd/)
Theres ooooooh so many more examples as well. 
In order to save the internet, one of these 3 men have to change their mind and vote in favor of net neutrality. Tweet at them directly and let them know what you think:

https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC

https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC

https://twitter.com/mikeofcc

Not many people have tweeted at them from what I can see, this might be the best way to make your voice heard.
Trying to start a protect outside FCC hq in DC. Also found this Took about 2 seconds to find but here is Ajit Pai information if you want to contact him https://www.beenverified.com/people/ajit-pai/ he is the first one
Is what T-Mobile does for some streaming providers not counting towards data limits a violation?
This proves ajit to be a liar. 
ISPs are *currently* breaking net neutrality by [favoring their own mobile video services over competitors'](http://fortune.com/2017/01/11/fcc-verizon-att-net-neutrality-2/).

The practice is called zero rating.  You watch your ISP's content without data charges.  Sounds great until you realize they are now earning money from both you *and* content providers, and you end up with slower service to non-ISP content.  So you pay more and have worse service.

Guess which administration [stopped the investigation into zero rating](http://fortune.com/2017/02/03/trump-fcc-zero-rating-att-verizon/) as its first order of business !
Here is a White House petition to [save Net Neutrality.](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)

Edit: Please share this link. We can achieve more than 100,000 signatures and show the White House how we care about Net Neutrality. 

Comment from u/peaceloveArizona on a ama just here to spread it
I never been such a fan of IPS myself, but I like the vivid colors. While TN is fast, colors look washed off.
I'm curious how these "ISP's" (cause a cell carrier isn't an ISP) broke laws that weren't enacted until April 2015?
What I want to know is what fucking computer engineers/coders/etc. would sell out one of humanity's greatest achievements to enforce such things?

If you're reading this, you're a bad person and you should feel bad.
There are Legal ways to break laws?
If that isn't enough to concern you also think about their "high speed lanes" rhetoric. Every lane is a high speed lane because it has to be: as the internet and the media consumed through it evolves Internet Serivce Providers have to update their shit around the clock to keep up. Despite this America's internet infrastructure is still way behind other countries. If they can set "fast lanes" and "slow lanes" they won't be forced to improve their service at even their current rate. 

Competition is great, I don't know if anyone recalls those Google Fiber posts from years back but at the prospect of permanently losing customers the monopolistic ISP of the area suddenly offered far greater deals to try and keep people whose residence won the Fiber lottery. But even Google/Alphabet threw in the towel trying to take them on. Net Neutrality is basically the closest thing they have to competition as it drags them kicking and screaming into each new era of the internet (online gaming, SD videos, HD videos, HD livestreaming, 4K videos). America's internet will stagnate without Net Neutrality.
But I keep reading (in literally every Net Neutrality thread, for some reason) that there's no reason to believe that repealing Net Neutrality will result in ISPs abusing their power...
I hate it when people say its not necessary. If it wasn't necessary, it wouldn't have a name.
IMPORTANT: The OP's link is mistitled. That is **NOT** all the times that ISPs have illegally broken Net Neutrality Laws!
Don't forget the T-Mobile Pokemon Go incident of 2016.
Get this one up there, its stuff they have already done before and it will only get worse once there are no laws to abide by
Your hypothetical version of events frightens and confuses me. Especially if ALL radio stations where Rush Limbaugh 24/7.
Why don't the people target these companies and their executive teams. Take a few of them out and instill fear so the rest become socially responsible. 
So no laws have been broken since 2013?
Has anyone planned a protest literally at congress outside when they vote? We can't let this happen. 
Huh. The list was much shorter than I was expecting.
Ajit Pai is A JIT BAG, Philly folks know what I'm talkin' about (go iggles).
Phew, Virgin Media aren't on that list.
Isn’t it more like all the KNOWN times they’ve broken those laws?
Would you rather a multitude of competing private entities have the ability to play favorites with internet traffic, but a massive financial incentive NOT to do so, or would you rather the federal government, with no competition, to have that same ability, but with a massive financial and political incentive TO do so?
https://youtu.be/0kkaY5lJLMk
As someone who doesn't live in the USA and hearing all the crap the US government does to its citizens I am so happy to live in Europe instead. 
Not to nitpick but the linked comment is a reposting of someone else’s comment.
> 2013, Verizon literally stated that the only thing stopping them from favoring some content providers over other providers were the net neutrality rules in place.

What rules were in place in 2013?
In all of these examples the behavior stopped and the culprit was punished--without a net neutrality law in place. Is there an example of an ISP behaving badly without consequence?
I want to avoid tethering fees. Anyone know how to do that? It would sure be nice to have a screen larger than a Samsung Galaxy 4 to watch a movie on.
It amazes me how many people think they understand Title II.  They just talk about it in generalities and act like it is some panacea to every problem they imagine ISP's create. 
So all of these issues were resolved *before* the 2015 Net Neutrality rules went into effect?
Net neutrality, as a law, was infected on June 12, 2015, according to Wikipedia.

So almost all examples are anticompetitive behaviour, and not breaking net neutrality law. Just saying.
Misleading. No laws were broken because net neutrality was not enforced by the government ever in those examples.
As opposed to legally breaking the law? Legally illegal?
I noticed all of these instances occurred of before net neutrality legislation, so how did these issues get resolved and if they were resolved why is the law necessary?

Also it is curious that no one mentioned things like T-Mobile treating data from Netflix differently than it does from other streaming services
Place a big 📡 dish in your garden

Fry everyone (and yourself) including everything upto 500m radius

Create your own internet by connecting zombie self to raspberry pi

Tada no more net crap

Maybe call it ZombieNet or something.
I'm very worried about this change, but to be honest we shouldn't panic. Trump won, and that gives him a lot of power, but odds are looking pretty good that he'll be out in three years. If NN is really such a bad idea, the next Dem prez/congress will legislate NN into law.
When I see this "red flag" it is a cue to do exactly the opposite. Want to go against the proverbial man? NN is not what it seems. Look at the people and companies behind this push...
This stuff happens literally everyday it's not even a historical context. ISPs purposefully and accidentally block or reroute traffic constantly. It's invisible to most users thanks to the magic of BGP and ASNs. 
Suicidal 13 year old has a life changing conversation on a ski lift with "a strangely familiar sounding man with a scarf over his face" who turns out to be Danny DeVito. Arnold Schwartzenegger sees the post and offers to pass on the message of thanks to Danny.

[deleted]
https://i.redd.it/f8cbxc3lqthz.jpg

Literally the next thing down on my Reddit feed from IASIP 
This is the kind of post I'm always scared I'll see on r/quityourbullshit in a few days
I can't even imagine how weird it would be to get on a ski lift and Danny DeVito be the person on it with you
He offered him an egg of wisdom in trying times.
[removed]
[removed]
"Alright, guys, here's what we're gonna do... we're gonna save a 13 year old kid from committing suicide."

"The Gang Gets a 13 Year Old Kid to Commit Suicide"
All I can imagine is Frank Reynolds saying "Can I offer you a nice egg in this trying time" and "your mom is a hoor"
Do you think Danny and Arnie played nightcrawlers during the shooting of Twins?
Boy tells story, no one believes him, famous star saves the day.

Man tells story, no one believes him, famous star saves the day.
Man the internet really is amazing, years later that 13 yr old kid wad able to share his story on a Til post and got the attention of Arnold Schwarzenegger and now can send his message to Danny DeVito
I'm currently at my cousin's funeral. He was fifteen and took his life. I wish there were more people in the world that noticed things like this and had the compassion to help, including myself. Author of the story was actually very brave in my opinion for seeking help, I believe most are too afraid to ask. My cousin may have been, or he may have just asked the wrong people. If anyone happens to read this and is feeling this way, please ask me. I'm not the quickest to respond every time, but I swear I will. 
It sounds like Danny paid the troll toll; he got into this boy's soul.
[removed]
This is definitely true. I went to the same school as Danny. We all noticed him in a class photo on the wall at the school. When Danny said he had gone to a scrict catholic school I knew the story was true. 
This is amazing... but damn that family. Letting their kid be abused and not believing him because they think he is manipulating them. Some people should never have kids. 
I hope Arnie pays the troll toll.
I still feel so weird that Mr. Schwarzenegger is a Redditor, every time he writes here it's amazing and uplifts my spirits
Whether or not that really was Danny DeVito, I am glad someone was able to validate and listen to the then 13 year old's emotions and thoughts regarding suicide. I had a rough time at 13 dealing with suicidal thoughts and self-harm. I talked to my mom about it one day and all she told me was that depression wasn't real and I was too young to have thoughts about dying. I didn't feel confident enough to talk about it with anyone else until recently at the age of 20.   
  
I hope that more and more people realize how damaging mental illnesses can be and to take them seriously, regardless of age.
I love how Reddit brings together famous people and us common folk.  Whether it is Shatner posting on /r/Outlander, Mister Savage in various prop subreddits, or Arnie in the fitness subreddits, it's great to see them geek out over stuff they love along with the rest of us.
How did Danny DeVito get on the ski lift!?
Not exactly related but I just wanted to unload as well.. many years ago,  back when ICQ was a thing and you could randomly search for strangers to add, I came across this very shy sounding girl. I was a socially awkward teenager then, often masking it with aloofness, yet she didn't seem to mind and was very much receptive to what I now know to be extreme dad jokes. We didn't really exchange any personal info aside from our age, gender and location but we hit off and talked for several hours until she had to go. 

From that day forwards, we'd chat on and off. I learned about her school, her life while I (being somewhat private) only let her in on bits and pieces of mine. We drifted apart eventually over the years as newer forms of messaging eclipsed the last one. She wasn't 'tech-savvy' and rarely came online much but before we lost touch for good, she appeared one day; many years later from when we last spoke. Her usual, "Hey, buddy, how ya been?" on my screen. The sender came from an unknown email and I was hesitant but piqued. Realizing her name was on the email, I asked if it was her and she said yes. Apparently she got locked out of her older account and had to make a new one. She then sent me this cryptic message that was written in the way you would imagine someone would write in their diary. I wouldn't remember the exact message now but the gist of it was some time back she was contemplating suicide but was grateful for this stranger who came out of the blue and talked her out of it. I had a shock and immediately asked when this happened and who helped her. That's when she told me I did.

She told me that on that particular evening, she was in a dark place. She never let on the exact details but looking back now especially at some of the subtler clue, I think she might have been raped. She said she had lost all hope in the world and was planning to off herself that night but because she had no one to turn to at the time, she tried to perform a random search for the heck of it. I was the first person she matched with.

Unlike the people she'd met in the past, she said I didn't make a move on her; I just genuinely wanted to chat. That it made all the difference for her and somehow touched her at the core. I didn't know what to say then except for to thank her for the compliment and that I was glad my actions amounted to something positive. We caught up just like the old times, but that was the last time I heard from her. For some reason she never did come on again and I never did seek her out. 

It's been nearly a decade and then some since all this happened and seeing this suddenly reminded me of her. If everything went as planned, she should have been married by now to her long time boyfriend. Possibly with kids. I don't know why, but the thought of how much time has gone by sometimes gets to you; overwhelms you when you think about it. For me, it feels like not much has changed, other than my surroundings; but it has. 

An entire age has gone by in the blink of an eye. Back then, the thought of a messenger seemed so foreign and exciting and yet today we can hold an entire conference in the palm of our hands. So much has changed..

With any luck, she might have 'moved with the times' now and be on reddit. She might even see this. And if not, that's fine as well. Such is life as they say. I just hope wherever she is right now, she's happy and nowhere near that dark place she spoke of. 

That's all. Thanks for reading. 
Nice that he's still in Close contact with his brother and gynecologist after all those years.
I was very disappointed to finish reading this post and not have it end with Undertaker and Mankind.

Would've been u/shittymorph's finest work by far.
Anyone else think the mystery man was gonna end up being Benjen Stark?
And then he went off and shot Batman Returns like a fuckin boss.
What a class act. Props to Danny DeVito.
One of the reasons Reddit is such a great place...
Thanks for posting this, this morning I was completely suicidal (anxiety and self worthless issues) but this made me feel better A LOT. 
Also, tell governator he's my inspiration to workout (but I'm never gonna bulk please don't hate me arnold)  
Edit: hate, not have. You can't have me, arnold. Well, okay, maybe a little.
Wait wait wait... Danny DeVito can ski?
Probably told her about being in Vietnam to help offer some perspective 
And the top post on r/IASIP is him saying suicide is badass lmfao
Without going into detail, I can confirm that Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman are absolutely wonderful. I have zero doubt that DeVito is a wonderful man who has changed the lives of quite a few people for the better.
Never ceases to amaze me the neat all be it odd connections made on reddit.
I find it ironic that the top post on the Always Sunny sub right now is a still shot of Frank saying suicide is badass. 
"I'll be back... With an update from Danny."
He just wanted to frack the mountain!
He got into the boy's soul
Now THAT really is 'best of' material. 

Awesome all round. 
disappointing that he did not offer you an egg in those trying times.
This is wonderful, but I must say the image of Danny DeVito skiing is HILARIOUS! That would be like a monkey humping a football while sliding down a hill. xD 
This title sounds like it's straight from /r/SubredditSimulator 
All I can picture is Arnold Schwartzenegger using Reddit to watch cat videos and it makes me happy.
Did OP at least buy him a Rum Ham?
Twins is my favorite movie that either one was in!
I met Danny when i was in 5th grade at the angels vs giants world series. He was sitting right next to us and was the absolute coolest guy. Still shorter than me in 5th grade too. Behind him was dr. Phil who was rude and snappy when i tried to talk to him before the game started. At the end of the game, Danny walked next to me as we left the stadium and asked if i enjoyed the game, shook my hand and went on his way. To this day, that was one of my coolest celebrity encounters. Dude's awesome. 
I expected that story to end with either a Loch Ness monster or the Undertaker. Reddit has ruined me. 
>Everything he said was true. I went on to great things.

Little do we know this kid went on to be the Scranton Strangler, the most infamous serial killer in the history of Scranton, PA.
only arnold could believe in such obviously fake story.
Talked him out of it? But suicide is badass!
Are you sure it wasn't Coldhands? 
When he isn't fucking hoors behind a Wendy's dumpster with his Magnum Dong he is saving kid's lives. 
This was the most wholesome thing I've read all week!
This is the nicest thing I've read on the Internet in some time. 
Arnie is a beautiful human being.
Danny Devito:  I've never been skiing before though.
Sometimes the internet surprises me with the ability to actually do good.
He truely has a magnum ^^dong sized heart... <3
I always love it when people give celebs gold. I remember when Bill Gates did an AMA and was flooded with it. It's actually adorable, treating them like one of us. 
He seems like a nice man. I was at the theatre for an early showing of 'The Bodyguard' and something happened to the equipment on stage which meant they had to stop the performance mid scene.

Danny DeVito climbed up on stage from his seat in the audience without prompting and started chatting to those of us watching to keep us occupied whilst the stage crew dealt with the fault.
I bet DeVito has some solid center of gravity on skis. 
Mama always said " you never know what someone is fighting, be nice just in case it helps." 
That´s because they´re Twins - united outside and in. 
Thats like fucking black mirror episode :D
Like Devito could disguise himself behind a scarf.
Don't be fooled, Frank is still buying the Ski Lodge. 
This is why I still have hope.  I see good stuff like this on reddit and it gives me hope.  Even in the face of all the nasty stuff going on in our world.
Dr. Mantis Toboggan to the rescue!!!
What kind of world do we live in where a 13 yr old feels like taking his/her own life?
And that young mans name was Albert Einstein. 
It horrifies me that some people are so selfish that they would let another human being, a child, possibly commit suicide just for some sexual gratification.
Is this true? Where does it say that?

Edit: found it, why the hell would link it to Arnold's response and not the post itself?
Danny Devito lied to us he said suicide is badass!
How does one not *instantly* recognize DeVito? 
Danny Devito is a great guy. I don't know him personally but the characters he portrays really speak to  me. I like him. I feel I could be really good buddies with him. My fave of all of his portrayals is Louie on Taxi which is a whole lot like 'Throw Mamma from the Train'. Something about the bravado of the lifeviews of the characters he plays is inspiring to me and I think it helped me throughout my miserable life, in the sense of humor I bring to circumstances that may have been overwhelming in some way.
Every comment from Arnie I see I just read in his accent it's so hard not to
jeez musta been a big mountain 
Why would Danny DeVito be riding the ski lift with a random 13 year old and not with his wife who was apparently there to ski with him?
I'm jaded enough to wonder if this is a story created by Hollywood publicists. 
[deleted]
> This is the moment I decided to not be suicidal anymore.


I doubt that it's that easy for someone who really is suicidal.
The trewwwwwash man knows kiddo.
the np part of the link isn't working. and what the fuck, this guy decides to broadcast to the whole fucking internet stuff de vito chose to share in private? shitty move.
I'm just trying to figure out why Schwartzenegger is on reddit... 
r/thathappened confirmed to be on suicide watch
When I'm dead just throw me in the trash
The user /u/Dr_Midnight uncovers a massive nationwide astroturfing operation to protest the quarantine

This absolutely warrants a look and a great sleuth job by the OP.
/r/Conspiracy mods are removing this left and right.  

This is *literally* a conspiracy.  Fucking morons.
Can someone ELI5 the computer stuff?
[removed]
Massive isn't a good word. Digging further, it looks like three separate domain grabs, two in Florida and one using a registration proxy service out of Arizona.

[I'm still looking,](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassMove/comments/g3toiz/a_post_by_udr_midnight_collating_information_on/fntnme1) I just have to slow down. The capatchas stop me after ten or so.

I'm going to keep going with cities and territories after I finish states.

Edit: it looks like most of the domains aren't in use, which leads me to believe it could be a domain grab for resell. The registrar using the proxy in Arizona looks like the culprit here. The majority of the addresses from that registrar are active, and they're all functionally identical.

Edit 2: [I've finished tracking domains.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassMove/comments/g3toiz/a_post_by_udr_midnight_collating_information_on/fnue8th) TL;DR: There are definitely two campaigns at work here. The vast majority of these domains are likely a money grab.
Just remember, the Russians did very similar activities supporting Trump in 2016:

>[Mueller identified 'dozens' of US rallies organized by Russian troll farm](https://thehill.com/policy/technology/439532-mueller-identified-dozens-of-us-rallies-organized-by-russian-troll-farm)
If anything was going to be astroturfed it'd be this. The financial benefits are too large to avoid.
I dunno what’s worse...the fact that the people behind this stuff didn’t even try to hide their dishonesty, or that regular folks bought into the bullshit so easily and blindly. It kinda makes me sad...how easily people can be manipulated.
Great. The President is supporting a shadow (not in the shadow anymore) group that is going to get a whole lot of people killed. And he knows, and doesn't care, so long as it helps his hold on power.

Remember when he put kids in cages, and we people didn't care because it was 'them'.

And when he betrayed our allies and people didn't care because it was 'them'.

Well, now it's us. And it was absolutely predictable.
The conspiracy subreddit keeps deleting it for some reason. I know they have an agenda, buts it's just ironic, the conspiracy subreddit is in itself a conspiracy lol
It's a common name, but I'd be curious if there's any relation to the former UF student body President who invited Don Jr to speak at the university and has some connections to the DeVos family: https://www.nytimes.com/2019/11/21/opinion/donald-trump-jr-university-of-florida.html
I follow our governor on social media and for whatever reason I often fall into reading people's comments on his posts, and I noticed the amount of negative responses to his posts increased significantly overnight.  I check out the profile of the commenters and they're mostly super generic obvious troll accounts utilizing the same phrases.

Anyone remember the Hillary for Prison demonstration back in 2016 that was organized by the Russian's Internet Research Agency?
TIL what astroturfing is (it's more that fake grass) as well as losing another shred of hope for humanity. Unfortunately it's unlikely any of them will see it because they stick to Facebook but I'll say it anyway 

Stay at home if possible, work from home of possible, limit your outings. If not for you for everyone else. It's not politics it's logic. Stop being idiots, there is no need to put the world at danger for any nations economy or free will. It's not quarantine or house arrest, you can leave but you shouldn't unless you have to.
Reopenwi and reopenmn were both created 10 days ago with an Arizona address. Both websites redirect to bland gun rights websites with identical layouts and membership fees to join these "non-profit organizations". The MN and WI gun rights websites were made in 2013 and 2016 respectively, registered to the SAME ARIZONA ADDRESS making some of these reopen websites
Seeing the internet slowly turn into a weapon of misinformation through the course of my lifetime is pretty disheartening.
I imagine a bunch of wealthy investor types want the “rabble” to beg to go to back to work so that our government doesn’t tax the shit out of them like we did in the past during economic crises.
Dang, the Darwin Awards are gonna be interesting this year.
Wait... are you saying there's a concerted effort to dupe the American public?...

Shocking....
Holy shit I found one for my state and it has the exact same description. [Screenshot here.](https://imgur.com/gallery/x3KnBuP)




Called them out for it and got banned. At least some people got to see it first.
Stop harassing an old hippie. He bought those domains to keep them out of reactionary hands. This is all a giant misunderstanding.

https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/04/reopen-liberate-urls/

Can we have  one national crisis without this godforsaken website using it as a reason to start a deluded witch hunt?!
So, about an hour after trump started messaging "liberate Michigan," I went to godaddy, because I'm that guy, and someone had registered www.liberate_____.com" for every state I checked. That's not a super cheap venture, and they did it for every state. This whole thing isn't grass roots. It's an organized, well funded and planned movement, that's leveraging social media and the internet.

Not saying Russia. But, really, come on. Whenever crazy shit is happening, ask "who does this benefit." If we get wrecked by a second wave of this virus, while other countries are doing just fine, it's going to blow a gaping hole in any shot to rebuild our economy. Who does that benefit? Super powers that are already positioning themselves to be first out the gate. Delaying our recovery by a few months would be a huge benefit to Russia and or China.
Rich people convincing middle class and poor people to die so they can sell more widgets.
[deleted]
Wtf does "astroturfing" mean?
Man... This makes me so sad for our country.
**Update**

The wrong guy is getting blamed. The man who bought the domains did so because he noticed the pattern and wanted to stop the astroturfers from being able to. 


https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/04/reopen-liberate-urls/
they want to be able to blame the bad economy on the Democratic Governors  who wouldn't open up businesses.  This way Trump can say he tried but no one would follow his directions.
This is just the Teabagger redux.

Remember the teabaggers? They demonstrated over government spending. 

Until Trump came to power and he and the GOP Congress deficit spent more than Obama ever dreamed, and not a peep.

These T-bag D-bag hypocrites should be summarily and blanket ignored.
Not trying to say Russia is involved, but look at the whois domain records for [reopenmd.com](https://reopenmd.com) and look up the guys email address against the [haveibeenpwned.com](https://haveibeenpwned.com) site. He has/had an active account on [mail.ru](https://mail.ru) \- arussian email site.
anyone still here? What happend? where is the comment gone? why was it deleted? was it really inaccurate?
I have stupid friends in Phoenix, AZ posting operation gridlock posts for this week. I can’t believe how many stupid people are buying in to this bullshit.
[https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/04/reopen-liberate-urls/](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2020/04/reopen-liberate-urls/)

&#x200B;

This might not be as simple be as it seems
Where can we find the comment now?
What is this called? Social terrorism? It's akin to screaming fire in a theater and causing people to get trampled.
This is so Trump can later claim that he bowed to the will of the people.
This is literal fascism at work. What's stopping rich funders from astroturfing support for a right wing coup?
We need a boomer 
, maga hat wearing, explain to me like im 5, explanation here. Most ppl. Wont understand this, let alone accept
They do realize they're killing their own supporters off by doing this, right.
So is this the part were this information spreads and nothing happens and the people who started it all get away without any jail time even though everyone knows that they did it?
From the Buzzfeed article about Michigan:

>"You're going to see some massive protesting going on," Matt Seely, a spokesperson for the Michigan Conservative Coalition, told BuzzFeed News. **"We've been asked to basically share our template with other groups to do the same thing, and we've done that."**

That explains why they're all copypasta of the same event description, but that doesn't mean that it's organic or not astroturf. Just that like minded idiots are lazy and bad with communication.
Seems like these groups could be charged with some kind of a crime. They're literally encouraging people towards their death for political motives.  Given how dangerous going out is, does it qualify as protected speech?
Yo real talk, I’m starting to get worried...and that’s a feeling I get as often as viewing Halley’s Comet.
Oh please, wapo or nyt, please pick this story up.
sure this will get buried but I made a basic video for the social media plebs https://youtu.be/H4vUd81uFpo
I wish there was a subreddit to investigate state actors, lobbyists and politicians who do this.

Reddit is getting so much poison from this, it's going to have an aneurysm at some point. /r/hailcorporate is too focused on product advertising, but there's a bigger need for political actors.
Where the fuck are the yahoos from /r/conspiracy on this? For once there is a legitimate goddamn conspiracy with real evidence aaaaaannnnd crickets.
Adding to the stupidity, the object of their outrage, at least for the Michigan protests, were for items that everyone can currently buy, even under localities with stay-in-place orders active. Things like gardening supplies (Home Depot is still open, folks) and hair dye (likewise, drug & grocery stores) are plentiful and available to anyone who wants to get them.

If only these cretins were immediately shunted off from these “protests” to their own compound for two weeks – or a chartered cruise ship. Along with one first aid kit and the default Prepper pack of kevlar vests, MREs and mall-ninja knives.

I believe the situation would sort itself out by itself in roughly one month.
Go upvote the shit out of that comment. It's clearly being downvoted by people who don't want it seen. 300 upvotes with that many awards? No fucking way. Should be in the thousands.
The US government astroturfing their own citizens?! No, it can't be! /s

- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Earnest_Voice
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mockingbird
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_Operations_Roadmap
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagon_rapid_response_operation
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COINTELPRO
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentagon_military_analyst_program
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fake_news_websites_in_the_United_States
Wow.  Also you can look up businesses (and the owners thereof). Just search Florida LLC records.  This surely is being fronted through this business.  Where's anonymous when you need them.
I really hope OP here forward all the awards to /u/dr_midnight - awesome work sir
Why is it this doesn't appear in "top posts last 24 hours"  despite having more awards then any of the tops?
The implication alone scares the shit out of me to be honest. This isn't a fun time to be alive, by damn.
u/washingtonpost, you guys looking into this stuff?
Look up the names of the protesters who invaded the site of the Florida Bush-Gore ballot checking. GOP employees.
In my light research, Aaron Nosbisch, is involved with all these domains.

[https://www.aaronjnosbisch.com/](https://www.aaronjnosbisch.com/)

How do I know this?

The domains use the Google analytics account of UA-60996284-XX. You can check [reopenmn.com](https://reopenmn.com)'s source for the account. Anyway, one domain comes up in particular: "[midwestfreedomenterprises.com](https://midwestfreedomenterprises.com)"

This domain is connected to Aaron Nosbisch. See this:  [https://docquery.fec.gov/cgi-bin/forms/C00514653/800976/se](https://docquery.fec.gov/cgi-bin/forms/C00514653/800976/se)

And according to this fec.gov, this is connected to the alt-right super PAC: Liberty for All Action Fund.  
See:  [https://ballotpedia.org/Liberty\_for\_All\_Action\_Fund](https://ballotpedia.org/Liberty_for_All_Action_Fund)
Does anyone know why the whole thing got taken down?
This has now been deleted from /r/maryland. What gives?
MIRROR? this post was popular but looks to have now been taken down.  Was it out of embarrassment? or are they trying to sell the rights to a documentary?
The original comment is gone anyone have a screenshot?
Anyone have the original comment, op deleted it
Could be astroturfing but also Russia for sure
Hard evidence of stuff like this is pretty rare.  I hope this story has legs.
/r/conspiracy is all over this one right?  No?  Weird... You'd think they would care about it?
The state gun groups mentioned are all run by the “Dorr Brothers.” They run fake nonprofits and do attention-grabbing things to get people to donate to them.
I think the part that angers me most, is how media outlets cover these like they’re organic protests. 

Both sideism drives me insane.  It’s okay to call someone out as batshit insane. You don’t need to say “ XYZ wants to protest over the lockdown, do they have a point?” And then 8 paragraphs in say “no, all 80 public health experts explained why they’re flat out wrong”
Facebook needs to go. I have no idea why anyone would bother with it now.
Stop pretending there are good Republicans/Conservatives left. There aren't and they are a threat.
The Russian bot campaigns are trying to get us sick us at this point. The gullibility of Trump people is going to start costing lives.
Its so obvious MAGA trolls are Putin-bots.
Remember the tea party protests were astrotrufed as well. Then they took over the government. So don't think this kinda shit isn't effective, it is.
But but I was told only George Soros did this sort of thing
Thank God we've got the Dr. on the case

Seriously tho, wildly good sleuthing for reddit lol
Damn someone should write an article about this
Read an article in the Atlantic that describes same to a T: https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/03/the-2020-disinformation-war/605530/
I saw like 10 people holding Trump signs on a street corner, is that what this is about? I'm sure they thought it would be way more, but what we are finding is that Trump people can't spot a bot campaign or maybe *don't want to*
Hmm this post was right below the one about Trump calling Putin at least 4 times in the past two weeks. When did trump start backing off the Easter Opening?
The Great Hack was all about this kind of work, it sure af didn’t end with Cambridge analytica
So what are things i can do to stop this? I’m staying in since i am unemployed and broke and have nothing but time on my hands.
After Pres Trump denies offering Elizabeth Warren $1m if a DNA test shows she's part Native American (telling reporters "you better read it again"), /u/flibbityandflobbity posts video of Trump saying "I will give you a million dollars if you take the test and it shows you're an Indian"

Thread drinking game-

Sort by [new](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/9odc81/after_pres_trump_denies_offering_elizabeth_warren/?sort=new) and start scrolling/drinking.

Take a drink if in a comment:

1. The commenter argues from the lowest amount (1/1024) of ancestry and doesn't appear to acknowledge that any other possibility (Up to and including the highest amount, 1/64) exists. Feel free to also do this for the reverse.
2. The commenter suggests that Trump meant Indian from India. Extra drink if the phrase "Dot not feather" or variation thereof is used.
3. The commenter uses the phrase "who cares" in this thread with over 25,000 upvotes and 2700 comments.
4. The commenter suggests that Trump should give her some fraction of that million in relation to the ratio Native American Warren is.
He said doll hairs, not dollars.
[deleted]
Does anyone remember the South Park episode where Randy made out with the Indian Chief to try and fool his DNA test? 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Didn't expect the drinking game to go this gooood(ง ื▿ ื)ว 
As a Native American who’s much much much higher percentage than her, and most folks I’d imagine. I find this all utterly and ridiculously hilarious. 

Also this thread is hilarious as well 😂
All of you incredibly intelligent people have surely read the Cherokee Nation's response to this, right?

I went ahead and posted it so you could all continue to be well informed...

>"A DNA test is useless to determine tribal citizenship. Current DNA tests do not even distinguish whether a person’s ancestors were indigenous to North or South America," Cherokee Nation Secretary of State Chuck Hoskin Jr. said. "Sovereign tribal nations set their own legal requirements for citizenship, and while DNA tests can be used to determine lineage, such as paternity to an individual, it is not evidence for tribal affiliation. **Using a DNA test to lay claim to any connection to the Cherokee Nation or any tribal nation, even vaguely, is inappropriate and wrong**. It makes a mockery out of DNA tests and its legitimate uses while also dishonoring legitimate tribal governments and their citizens, whose ancestors are well documented and whose heritage is proven. **Senator Warren is undermining tribal interests with her continued claims of tribal heritage**."

http://www.cherokee.org/News/Stories/20181015_Cherokee-Nation-responds-to-Senator-Warrens-DNA-test
Apparently she is between 0.097 - 1.56% Native American....
Can you claim status at .1%?
Even Richard Spencer is considering endorsing Warren now that we know she is 99.99% white. 
# Cherokee Nation's official statement: http://www.cherokee.org/News/Stories/20181015_Cherokee-Nation-responds-to-Senator-Warrens-DNA-test
This is a weird hill to die on. 
[removed]
She is *at most * 1.5% native. That's the bar now? 

By that measure nearly every African American is actually white. 
This is one hell of a drinking game
He'll staple the million bucks to his tax returns, I'm sure.
Wait wasn't the test result that shes below 1% Indian? In what world do people think that qualifies you as Indian. How is this upvoted?
She might be 1/1024 Native. That counts nowadays? 
How come Reddit is pushing all this crap to the front page???
I'm 2% black, have a family relative about 6 or 7 generations back who was black. This does not mean I can claim I am black.
But she’s not Native American
I’m playing the drinking game and oh fuck I’m gonna die
She's not an Indian. So technically the asshole was right.
He meant from the country India. Easy mistake to make.
That @SenWarren had the confidence to release a document saying that she MIGHT be 1/1024 Native American knowing that the media would treat it as a victory tells you everything you need to know about everything.
Much as I hate to agree with the man, if he said "if it shows you're an Indian" and it turns out she's only like 1/1024th Native American, I don't think he has any obligation to pay out.
the results said she is somewhere between 1/64th and 1/1012th indian lol; im going to go out on a limb and say that means youre not an indian 
The current argument is that he said that he would do this "in a 2020 debate with her". As in, it was all a hypothetical, including the promised million dollars.

I'll leave it up to you to decide whether that's a reasonable argument to be made in this situation.
Shes within margin of error of not bring Indian 
1/1024 DNA does not make her Native American.
She has 1 native relative within the last 6-10 generations

If that makes you Native American then we're all Native American
Just reading the first 6 comments I see sorting by new, I don’t think I will go further...

Good luck to the others!
Try not to die of alcohol poisoning!

EDIT: Got popcorn, and I’m watching these live. Anyone care to join?
remember to drink a glass of water when doing drinking games.
>“Correction: Due to a math error, a story about Elizabeth Warren misstated the ancestry percentage of a potential 10th generation relative. It should be 1/1,024,” the Globe said in its correction. That would put the percentage at .097.

Also:

>According to a comprehensive DNA study by the Genetic Literacy Project, an average White person in America has 0.18 percent Native American DNA.

>**This means Sen. Warren has statistically *less* Indian DNA than the avg. white American.**

Come on guys.  I know everyone just wants to own Trump but Warren is ridiculous.  She just literally proved she's more white than the average white person.

EDIT:  Adding sources:

[Boston Globe Correction](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/boston-globe-botches-math-in-big-elizabeth-warren-scoop-on-native-american-ancestry)

[Genetic Literacy Project Study](https://geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/01/07/claims-that-us-is-a-genetic-melting-pot-appear-overblown-if-youre-white/)
Slow news day? How is this bullshit nonstory the most upvoted post on reddit? You people will upvote anything that has to do even slightly with Trump. 
[deleted]
So...should he give 1/1024th of $1million?
She's actually less Native American than an average white person...lolol
Trump Supporters: He never said that

There's video proof

Trump Supporters: fake news made up by Communist News Network!!!! That video is fake.
He meant to say “Will’nt” sort of a double negative 
Does anyone rember when he tried to sue Bill Maher over a similar off the cuff bet?

https://youtu.be/KiECm8o5Ogo
He should give her 1/1024 of a million dollars since that’s how much Native American she has
In a world where nothing matters anymore.
[removed]
"The lying fake media said I would pay a million dollars but if you go back and watch what I said in reality I said I would pay a million doll hairs" 
Damn, the mods be here trying to give everyone alchohol poisoning.
so she hired her own test with 0 independence and its between 1/32 and 1/1024 native american? oh wait it didnt even compare to native americans. it compared to mexican, columbians, and people from peru.  the test literally didnt even compare it to native american DNA.

wut? crazy how this got botted to the top of best of so fast. 

yea shes totally native american.
Trump stopped emotionally and mentally maturing at somewhere between 8 and 12 years old.
I loathe trump and I don't know the in's and outs of how senator Warren behaved concerning her 1/32n'd Indian heritage but I feel like the spirit of Trumps gripe is valid.  We all are like...almost part everything depending on how far back we go into our ancestry right?
[removed]
How about a nice compromise? 1/512th of a million dollars is a cool $1,953.
We've always been at war with Eastasia
I hope people are actually drinking to these comments.
Reminder that Donald Trump's once sued Bill Maher, who had said he would give Donald 5 million dollars if he could prove he wasn't an orangutan.

[Link](https://youtu.be/izlS15orhP0)

I think Warren has a case.
Ugh guys this is embarrassing.  Getting this to the front page is embarrassing.  This bolsters the criticisms of the lefts identity politics. She greatly exaggerated her nativ American heritage.  The actual result is a fraction of a percent.  Clinging to this makes the left look silly.  
The video evidence only shows him explaining an entirely hypothetical situation....here we go again...he does enough REAL stupid shit, why do you morons have to make shit up and twist shit to look bad? It only hurts your position.
Remember back when having only 1 drop of African or Native blood meant you're legally not white?

 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-drop_rule
I think it's no longer news that what he says is only relevant while he's saying it. Certainly the other world leaders have already learned as such
[deleted]
I wouldn’t call having 1/32 Native American DNA automatically making you  a Native American. 


Edit: she has between 1/64 at most and 1/1024th at the least of Native American DNA. less than 1%, she isn’t a Native American  
What he meant to say is that will given't a million dollars. Like a double negative kind of thing, only without the double.
Well she’s not Indian so I guess Trump wins!
3%???? Holy shit literally everyone in this thread would get 2% this ethnicity or 3% this ethnicity if they did a DNA test. I'm 8% Arab based on my DNA test and i'm 100% Scottish. God knows what happened to your ancestors during the middle ages, mongol invasions and various other conflicts, you cant account for it all..... birth control and abortions didn't exist back then.
If she is 1024th American Indian, then President Trump owes her $976.56 to settle the bet.  I think he should pay up and admit he was 1024th wrong.
She is the whitest you can get, every American has more Native American blood in them than her
I'm 10% Native American, but I don't claim anything. Maybe now I should since you can be 99.9 white and say you're Native American.
What’s 1/1024 of $1 million? 
1/32 doesn’t constitute her being an Indian. Sorry not sorry. 
People who think she’s Indian should be happy with buying milk and getting 1 percent milk and 99 percent water. 

The circle jerking is beyond imagination.  This shows how delusional the left is. (I’m not a trump fan) being 1 percent of some thing doesn’t not grant you claim. 
Wait a minute...are you telling me that Trump - Donald J Trump..."The Stable Genius" and "Billionaire" made a statement that he had no intention of fulfilling?

&#x200B;

I am shocked. Shocked, I say. If you can't trust a con artist, serial philanderer, sexual assaulter, and racist demagogue, who can you trust?
Is this what we're mad about today 
So if I’m 1:512th black I can put down that I’m black on social papers and school financial aid?
Sorry guys, I watched the video on AF1 and I see why people are confused. What i actually said is million dollarsn’t
Echochamber intensifies. Why is this even news? BREAKING: ELIZABETH WARREN 1/64 AMERICAN INDIAN. Who the hell cares? Because Trump said he'd pay her in some hypothetical future debate? Jesus Christ. Easy Karma farm and tons of views for the news sites. What a shit show this presidency has made the "news" cycle.
What test shows she is Indian?
Does having one black ancestor in my family 7 generations ago mean I’m black? Can I use the n word now? 
I don’t know why lying is seen as a positive trait among Trump’s supporters. I guess just throw it on the pile with cheating on your wife, screwing over contractors and anyone you can, being a shit father, etc. 
Calling her part Native American is a stretch, that is why she didn't a regular test like 23andMe. Bustamante has concluded she might be 1/1024th Peruvian, Mexican or Colombian. 
Um guys thats not the same thing. The title even admits that trump said proving she was an indian. Her results prove she is not an indian. 

Likely if we all took tests we would have the same if not more native american in us. 

Trump didn't say,
"Take a test and prove you have any bit, like 0.06% of native american in you" 

No he was making fun of her for abusing affirmative action to get into law school. 

There's a quote from 1996 about diversity at her school and she was used as an example of native american diversity....

Come on guys. 
I guess nobody wants to point out that she MIGHT have some NA dna going back 6-10 generations. Wow, she really showed him....
Are we still saying Indian? It baffles me when almost everyone should know that Colombus was a shit man who thought he landed in India and whoops turn out it's a new countinent. They are Americans, Native ones in fact. They have been called Indians based off of one of the most colossal blunders in history... Also pay the lady you orange orangutan.
Yeah, maybe you should read it again as well op. He said if it shows you're an indian. It showed she had a very very small percentage of native american dna. That's not really being an indian/native american...
Can't even join a tribe with how little native american she is...
Ok, but 1.6% is the MOST she might be Native American, and as little as 0.01% Native American. Trump's statement said he would pay IF she was actually Native American...

That % is so low it's effectively meaningless. If it were the case that she could claim to be Native American with that %, then half the population of the world could declare themselves to be any race they wanted to.

This is cringeworthy to me against Warren than anything.
I thought Warren might have had good prospects for president, but not if her political instincts are this bad.  She's less than 1% Native American, and she's going to claim that as a victory?  Like actually call attention to it, and challenge Trump about the million dollars?  She needs to fire her political advisors. 
[removed]
He should pay 1/1024th of a million... 
Bill Maher was sued by Trump because Bill said Trump was a monkey.

Bill was taken to court and said it was obviously a joke. 

Now Trump doesn't want to man up? I bet he doesn't even have a million dollars liquid cash.
Has there ever been a pro-Trump post reaching the front page on /r/politics, /r/bestof, /r/news, or /r/worldnews? The decent deeds he's done? The bias on here is unreal, and unfortunate. Hard to take anything seriously.
She’s not an Indian. Anyone who thinks 3% Native American means you deserve a 400,000 dollar a year teaching gig meant for a minority is just lying to themselves. 
Who cares. Like legit, who gives a flying eff about this. Move on with your lives, go outside, enjoy some sunlight and shh.
 The test shows she is 1/1025 native american.

This proves once and for all that she is not native american at all.
Alright, I hate the guy as much as the next sane person but Elizabeth Warren is not native american.  The boston globe article in question is directly quoted as saying.

" Bustamante calculated that Warren’s pure Native American ancestor  appears in her family tree “in the range of 6-10 generations ago.” That timing fits Warren’s family lore, passed down during her Oklahoma  upbringing, that her great-great-great-grandmother, O.C. Sarah Smith,  was at least partially Native American."

Im not saying Trump is a good person or right, because he's definitely lying about the offer. However, saying Elizabeth Warren is native american is like saying red paint is really blue because you put one drop of blue paint in the red paint bucket.

I just get kind of annoyed when people grasp at straws for a minority status just because it gives them an edge in something.
Where’s the money lebowski?
[Called it](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/9ob7sp/elizabeth_warren_releases_dna_results_shes_native/e7sxprv/?context=1).  I know, least impressive prediction ever...but bragging rights are bragging rights.
I'm sure he didn't mean: "I'll give $1M to charity if you're 1/1000th indian."    But then who the heck ever knows what Trump means.  
Native americans just called the rich white privileged old lady out on her fake race card bullshit. Priceless.
It’s obvious... he doesn’t have a million dollars to lose on a bet, so it clearly never happened.
https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2018/10/15/warren-addresses-native-american-issue/YEUaGzsefB0gPBe2AbmSVO/story.html

that correction tho lol 
Do people even know where this meme came from? ~~Warren put on her Harvard application that she was ethnically native american to exploit affirmative action.~~ Having .1%-1.32% native american DNA does not even qualify her to be identified by Native American tribes which require atleast 1/16 to receive benefits.
This makes Warren look much worst than it does Trump. 

Edit: Apprently she changed her ethnicity from white to Native American in 1989, the year after she was hired. If anything this just shows that Harvard was trying to cheese through some affirmative action hiring mandates.
She's not even any where near being Native American. Hell I have more African ancestry than she has Native.
[removed]
3% lmao. Fucking pathetic. I guarantee anyone on this thread takes a DNA test and they'll get at least 3%. Warren is a fucking joke.  

Edit: 1/1024 lmaaaaoooo
If it wasn't for Elizabeth Warren, I could never claim I was native American if I was 1/1042
American Politics is so exhausting and its infecting every crevice of Reddit,  where things always this politically charged in the states?
"But let's say I'm debating Pocahontas." When did they debate? He set up a hypothetical situation, maybe you all need to read it again as President Trump suggests. 
I'm late to this story, can someone explain why we should care if she has a Native American ancestor 6-10 generations ago? Like, is she trying to say she's not white or something? The DNA report itself says she's at least 95% from European ancestry. What am I missing? 
lying about the bet is stupid and Trump should be ridiculed for it, but Warren and the media's angle here is so preposterous:

David French
@DavidAFrench

> Warrenistas: We’re going to dunk on Trump all day. She’s Native American and we have the DNA tests to prove it.

> Conservatives: lol the test shows even Trump might be more Native American.

> Warrenistas: You’re so petty! Stop focusing on distractions while the republic burns!

https://twitter.com/DavidAFrench/status/1051882963577667584
It's never about the truth, but always about politics...
He said she “isn’t” but meant “is”. It is so easy to mix up the two 
Johnathan Karl went online and said he didn't because he's a fucking hack reporter
"...and it shows you're an Indian."
I wish she hadn't taken the test.  this can't end well for either of them.
This is so stupid it hurts. 
I think lesser percentage of heritance might count for more when a large percentage of their people were massacred in genocides? That's just my thought \_(..)_/ comparing this to being 1% white/black/Asian just doesn't really equate to me
If history ever needs to see why and how america has become what it is today, they only need to watch semantic arguments and double downs  supporting terrible leaders who do nothing for society or the citizens, and only look after their "legacy and money"  


and here you are all, arguing what level of asshole they are compared to the other assholes.   


you deserve this world. 

&#x200B;
/u/handlit33 does the math and finds Donald Trump would have won GA had so many of his supporters not died of Covid-19.

In the same vein, it seems apparent that Trump's relentless and unapologetic disparagement of John McCain was a major factor in losing Arizona. McCain is practically a saint in Arizona, and in addition, his daughter makes daily appearances on a very popular talk show that is watched by millions of suburban women, a demographic that Trump once had, and lost, and was struggling to get back. Between the two, it is hard to dismiss that Trump's constant insults toward McCain and his family, even after his death, probably cost him enough votes to lose Arizona. He only has himself, and his enormous mouth and ego, to blame.
The math isn't accurate anymore since Biden is now up 4k votes in Georgia.
i’d love to see his face if people told him the 250k+ people who died of covid would have won him the election
Another aspect of this he left out is that nationwide a third of covid deaths are African Americans, which is a huge over representation. If that holds up for Georgia, and I read some stuff earlier that it was actually higher in Georgia and a lot of the deaths were concentrated in AA neighborhoods and it's more like 50%, then about 2500 to just over 4,000 of those deaths were likely Biden voters, based on other voting trends.

I mention this b/c this is exactly what Jared Kushner meant when he said Covid was mostly affecting blue states. These were the people's deaths that didn't matter to him.
I live in the Atlanta Metro area and can confirm that the conservatives young and old did not take the virus seriously. I quit hanging around groups of people not wearing masks or not taking precautions. But, those are not the full amount of people that would have voted. There are enough offended left leaning conservatives that did not want him president again, and enough people who did not vote in the past that felt the same.
A little bit ironic, don't you think?
He only cares about them because they're not here to help him win. Otherwise, he wouldn't give a shit if a million average Americans died.
Trump would have won if he embraced the seriousness of covid and emboldened his supporters to vote by mail.  Instead he spent his time and our money trying to prevent democrats from voting.
Can I get an archived link? It was deleted.
/r/braves legend /u/handlit33.
I’m convinced that COVID lost Trump this election. If he had taken it seriously and didn’t spend every waking moment downplaying it or using it as a hyperpartisan weapon against the Democrats he would have won, likely by a large margin.
Anyone got that deleted comment?
AxBxC=X

If X is greater than the cost of a runoff; we don’t do one.
Simply put - if the pandemic hadn't happened, or was much more well-controlled; he simply wouldn't look as incompetent.  So many high-risk people from reasonable households abandoned him en masse when he wouldn't support wearing masks.

I knew guys that were supporters who left him quite literally the next day after his infamous press conference where he outright said it wasn't necessary.

He did this to himself.
Even the slightest, halfheartedly human response to cv19 could have won him the election. But you know...Trump's gotta Trump.
Something interesting about this is I doubt 1 covid death = 1 lost vote. If you take into account family members who lost faith in the trump administration due to relatives dying from covid a covid death could mean multiple votes lost.
I live here in Ga (Macon) and everyone sees it as a joke although we went through a rough period (summer spike).  People refused facemasks. I work in the service industry and I had guests come in that didnt have to wear them, but I did. They would get mad we were wearing them and forced by my company to wear them. We had good precautions where I am at, and no positive employees in a month now, cause we are strict. I know so many trump families who were hit by this.
Hell we should be thanking the Libertarian party. If they had voted with the Republican Party Trump would have won Wisconsin, Georgia, Arizona, and potentially Pennsylvania. We could owe Trump’s lose to those idiots that believe that voting third party does anything other than undermine your closest ally.

Edit: Watch till the end for why voting third party is the same as voting against your interests https://youtu.be/s7tWHJfhiyo
For as much as Trump complains of Covid if he had even remotely handled it , he could have won by a landslide. It was literally a gift and because he is dumb and a whiny baby and refuses to listen to experts is the reason he blew it. 

It’s literally his fault it hurt his chances and he wants to blame everyone but himself
Regardless of this math, he would have won if he didn’t insist that covid was a hoax and instead made an effort to prevent its spread by encouraging mask usage and didn’t vilify the cdc. Turns out getting re-elected is easier if you just do a halfway decent job.
It's much simpler.

1. They believed Trump will win
2. They were too lazy to go in person
3. And they did not used mail-in voting because their dumb president told them not to.

But that's not all. There is another factor.

When some TV station did asked people who voted for Trump/Biden about their motivations, majority, like 84% of Trump voters voted for Trump and only 16% said that they voted against Biden. While Biden voters in majority (60%) said they vote against Trump.

So in reality - because Trump f\*\*ked up and could not maintain any level of civil behaviour, he pissed off many people that went to vote for the first time just to not see his ugly face anymore.

&#x200B;

So not only some of his voters died, not only they did not used mail-in and were too lazy to vote in person, not only some did not went because they were sure he will win - he also mobilized more people to vote for Biden than Biden.
Trump is a narcissist.  His supporters are suckers. He is a user.
By the way it scares me to think that without a pandemic to prove just how incompetent and uncaring he really is, the Donald could have easily won a second election.
Haha, it's crazy to see u/handlit33 on r/bestof since I'm so accustomed to seeing him on r/braves.
Trump is the worst President in history, and 69 million Americans just proved they are dumbest voters in history.
Fun fact, handlit is the mod of r/braves and a regular content contributor to r/baseball .  We all like handlit in those subs
Of course, if they hadn't screwed up USPS so bad, Biden might have had bigger leads all over the place, we may never know how many mail in ballots were not delivered in time (most of which would have been for Biden).
Their stupidity is thinking covid would only impact urban areas that are deeply democratic. Did they think republicans would somehow be impervious to it?
I fear that if  it wasn't for the pandemic, DT would have won in a landslide.
Deleted before I could read it.  Sounds pretty ridiculous to me.  How could /u/whogivesafuck have known the political affiliation of all who died?
Also need to factor in the dead persons relatives, a preventable death in the family might change someone's vote.
That's really fucking morbid
I kept thinking about this possibly leading up to the election.
/u/handlit33 big time famous now eh bud?
r/braves and r/baseball is leaking
Covid is not evenly spread in the population.  It's caused more death in urban and marginalized communities.  This was not factured into the math.
Its a decent post and arguable point. As those numbers are do close, using statistics with margins of error and based off generalizations makes the exact conclusion questionable but definitely interesting.
Georgia's lead has widened by now... but it's still a good point
Hilarious and yet a little tragic. But I don't really feel bad for the antimaskers and Trumpets who died. So... I'll chalk this up to a win.
Who cold have guessed that correcting black people every time they say "Black Lives Matter" would lead black people to get out and vote
Haha a president has to try to not be elected for a second term.  It doesn't happen often.
Except deaths aren’t uniformly distributed. The virus disproportionately kills black people in Georgia (~50% of deaths and ~32% of population) and the vast majority are in Atlanta metro.
It's a fun trivia fact. But at the end of the day, Trump would have won the election if he had... *been a better president in any way possible*. 

If he had just not fucked up so much he would have destroyed Biden. Instead he energised a voter base to vote against him that otherwise would have slept through election day. If Trump had been a generic corrupt Republican, he would have won. But he chose to be bombastic, arrogant and stupid and it cost him his second term.
I'm very confused. This isn't r/braves and yet I see /u/handlit33
I'm sure this was an unbiased analysis that could be replicated
How does he know how many voters would vote for Donald duck
he probably would have gotten way more votes had he had a more appropriote response so its a moot point
Are there any studies on whether more Democrats or Republicans have died by Covid?

I’d actually be shocked if more Republicans had died just based on most Reps being in rural areas that haven’t been hit as bad, but I’d love to see some data if anything is available, even though I’m sure that’s not a very high priority of things to track for medical professionals....
Roughly 50% of the people who died in Georgia because of covid were African Americans. And roughly 50% of covid deaths in the state were in strongly democratic leaning counties. I appreciate the math but I think its oversimplified and doesn't hold up if you break it down by racial demographics (although it's not like I have specific data on these 8k deaths either so these are all guestimates!). 


https://www.kff.org/other/state-indicator/covid-19-deaths-by-race-ethnicity/?currentTimeframe=0&sortModel=%7B%22colId%22:%22Location%22,%22sort%22:%22asc%22%7D


https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/georgia-coronavirus-cases.amp.html
The 300 counties that voted the most for Trump, had the highest levels of COVID infections in the US.
It’s a brutal thought, but I figured the 230k deaths involved a bunch of conservatives who didn’t wear masks, while more dems survived because they followed the guidelines.

Also older people are more likely to vote conservative than young people, who are more likely to vote blue.  We know that covid tends to take out the old.

Considering we have counties and some electoral swing states with thin margins, the 230k deaths likely put a big dent on votes that would have went to Trump.
Isn’t the majority of cases/deaths in big cities tho which usually favor democratic heavily?
Please Santa...For Christmas all I want is for him to know this fact.
I think so... working on a budget.
Whole new meaning to “live election results”
Also Jo Jorgenson got 61k votes.
It took a literal ACT OF GOD to get rid of that fool.
r/Braves legend u/handlit33, mind you
So you're saying, Trump _killed_ his chances at a second term by not taking covid seriously


But really, very sad and the death. even sadder those numbers are about to spike and hard.
[deleted]
I am deeply sorry for the comment I am about to make, I do know we are talking about the end of real people who were fathers, children, etc of someone:

&#x200B;

\*hysterical laughter\* !

&#x200B;

Once again, I am deeply sorry about that comment.
He probably would have won Arizona if he hadn't shit on John McCain.  Finally the asshole of America got wiped.
Well I would say the double whammy kicked in.   
  
Not only did Trump kill off many of his natural base, those who survived told Trump and the GOP to take their “MeeMaw and PaPaw should want to die of Covid” and stick it.  
 
Telling voters they should die is never a good strategy.
Hi guys epidemiologist here, I wasn't going to respond but couldn't help myself as I stumbled onto this post. 

It is possible to examine this relationship more meaningfully as CDC and the USA more generally  has decent data on covid-19 case fatality rates stratified by state, county and other relevant demographic factors .

Huge disclaimer: these models even simple ones come with a whole bunch of assumptions that may not hold up once the data is crunched, on top of biases which can render it all null and void but there is data to at least check how it adds up if those WHO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING give it a try ....maybe the guys at 538 lol!

For competent individuals it's  fairly straight forward to get a rough check  if there might be some kind of statistically meaningful association by running a basic binomial regression stratified by a couple key demo groups , case fatality rate and clustred by county if they have  some time on their hands; mine is better used elsewhere and apart from punditry I'm not sure what value answering a question like this might have.
 ..
I'd personally be surprised if there was a meaningful association given where Biden's high vs low margins were. I think it's probably more likley he lost because as others have stated he encouraged voters not to use mail in ballots.  

I also think conversely Democrats  did the opposite and probably removed barriers for many voters in the process increasing participation .

On a more personal note as someone whose livelihood it is , to know about these things , the president was not just incompetent in managing this public health  crisis; he was criminally negligent in more ways than many fully realise.
Ha. 

Ha ha. 

Hahaha. 

Hahahahahahahaha. 

Bwaaaaaaahahahahahshaa.

What a price of shit.
What’s really frustrating is that Trump had this in the bag, all he needed to do was actually do something about the Covid outbreak. Heck he could at least pretend to care not even 10% and his crazy base and some more would’ve brought him over the top.

It’s almost as if he wanted to lose.
This is fucked, and definitely not best of... Jesus Christ
/u/handlit33 braves gifs and this?? Damn dude! You’re killin it!
If you add covid deaths + possible disenfranchised voters from his anti mail-in-ballot and voter fraud rhetoric trump could have very possibly won the election.
While the masks would be made in China.
From r/Braves to r/Georgia, u/handlit33 does it all
This is as close as he'll get to making America great again.
So China meddled in the election. Let's get em!
Biden: Trump inherited a growing economy and like everything else he's inherited in life, he squandered it. u/fatmancantloseweight backs this up with sources

lol this post got reported 92 times. I only need to approve and ignore reports once tho. Stay mad chuds.
He's absolutely right. 

  

If President Trump did almost nothing (played golf, showed up once a week to sign whatever McConnell puts in front of him. let Facui and co. handle the pandemic, and LAY OFF TWITTER) he'd be sailing to reelection right now.
Boy howdy, I do love the warmth of a good ol’ dumpster fire comment section
You can say this about everything. Remember Trumps claim that less Black people are going to prison under his administration? Well guess what’s been steadily decreasing since 2004? Incarceration rates among minorities is plummeting and has been for a decade and a half. Mostly because drug crimes are not automatic prison sentences anymore. This has nothing to do with Trumps policies. He, again, inherited a trend set forth by local communities and was championed by democrats under Obama.
The economy was already resurrected after the Republicans left it in dire straights once again in 2008.  They did what they could to stifle it for Obama by having the power to squash any meaningful infrastructure build plans. Then they gave corporate America and the richest people basically a 20-30% raise in the form of tax cuts and deregulation which artificially raised corporate earnings and boosted the stock market. 

Now watch as the bills come due from them increasing the deficit to the stratosphere, infrastructure still needing tending to and the economy in shambles from their negligence and mismanagement of the pandemic, wag their fingers at the Democrats when the economy doesn't rebound right away.
[deleted]
Just as Fortune reported that in 2015 trump would have been 3x as wealthy if he had just invested in index funds.

Now that we found out more about his financials he would of been even better off just doing nothing.
I am waiting for his full tax returns to be leaked. So we can finally see what an awful businessman he really is.
If you owned a business would YOU hire a person with his personality and past business experiences of failure and bankruptcy?  I don’t think I could rely on him to even be a janitor.
I wish these posts helped persuade people to vote literally anybody but Trump. But right now it seems people have already chosen a side and there’s nothing to do to change that. It’s sad and I’m concerned for tonight and our next four years.
While it is absolutely true that Trump inherited a growing economy, and that Trump's economic policies have been disastrous, several of the claims by u/fatmancantloseweight are not correct. I've written a response here, with links to the actual data: https://www.reddit.com/r/WhitePeopleTwitter/comments/jn12tu/were_in_the_home_stretch_folks_please_vote/gb10bnt/
I’m so sick of the idea that the president is solely responsible for the state of the economy. Any candidate will brag about how they presided over a recovery or their opponent presided over a recession, etc. As if an economy doesn’t have its own cyclical nature completely independent of who the president is
Most of what he said was wrong but there were a few things he got very wrong or was highly misleading. 

He was right that Trump inherited a hot economy. Any fool can see the data beforehand and see it was all trending very well since about 2013.  It’s also true that Trump’s tax cuts mostly benefited the rich and that it significantly increased our deficits and our debts.  However, much of the rest is pure garbage with so much misleading data. 

>) and his trade war with china, growth slowed down and eventually, turned into a contraction just before covid19. this contraction is now blamed on covid, when in actuality, it already happened prior, from his trade wars.


Not True. The contraction occurred in Q1 of 2020 – when COVID had shut down China (a major global partner) and shut down the US in March. This is extremely inaccurate and it’s a big part of the argument he made – that the economy was already in contraction before Covid19. 

> so to put it in layman's terms, the average american faces higher unemployment, and lower quality of living as rgdp shows, and the 1% broke new records in wealth, due to the rising stock market. this means wealth disparity grew under trump.


This again is true only AFTER Covid19.  This one is highly misleading – while he doesn’t say that the statement there was before Covid, it doesn’t clarify it and it follows shortly after saying that the US economy was in contraction before covid. 

**Summary: This does not belong in this sub. It’s filled with false claims and/or highly misleading statements that are crucial to much of the argument they made**. A more accurate post would mention:

1. Trump inherited a hot economy 
2. Trump increased deficits with massive tax cuts that mostly benefited the rich.
3. Those tax cuts likely kept the economy hot at the expensive of big deficits. 
4. Economy was slowing late 2019 but was still solid before Covid. 
5. Median incomes did rise through 2019 (highest every median incomes adjusted for inflation)….having started that rise since 2013. 
6. Covid killed the economy. 
7. Trump mishandled Covid.
Did any of you actually read the “sources?” They’re all biased opinion articles. No facts. Research your own shit, don’t be force fed trash.
You can’t say he’s not consistent.
Lol, I love how trump supporters are like hes a self.made millionaire.  Ahhh no, hes not.  His dsd loaned him a couple mil and gave him most of his real estate clients to start.  That's not self made.  And hes had 13 failed businesses including trump university.  The amount of delusion and lies is insane and the evidence is there to provide facts and they just stick their head deeper in the sand saying fake news...fucking bat shit insane
Squandered is the first word after every project taken on by Trump and his family. He squandered. She squandered. They squandered. The Squanderers. Unfortunately, they squandered our entire country's potential. Nice work Trump. And nice work to you red neck dumb asses. Thanks all for squandering. The US will never be the same. But at least we know we fucked it up ourselves.
>it was already in steady growth (and continuously reducing unemployment) when trump took office (which he quickly took credit even before he implemented any policies).

If you prefer this information in visual form, here is a chart:

["The precise moment when Trump took over and fixed the economy"](https://imgur.com/a/qmIIAB5)
While I much rather see Trump be the loser on today's match, I do not believe it accounts for a the moving pieces. 

The volatility of the market is high due to the pandemic, and by that I mean that this situation is unprecedented in recent years (SARS from the early 2,000 isn't equivalent as it barely had anything outside of Africa) and thus it is almost impossible to quantify it accurately. 

That being said, my point doesn't actually dispute the larger point, pandemic or not the simple fact is that the economy is worse off than 4 years ago, that's factual...


Edit: much->match
In these unpresidenting times
Except wallstreet and his friends. They made more money they had ever imagined.
One thing he didn’t mention was the fact that Trump single handedly takes credit for “bringing manufacturing back to the USA”

Nevermind the fact that Trump’s own campaign merchandise is made in China. Or that he sold all of our PPP supplies to China while refusing to place orders with American-based N95 manufacturers who had all of the capabilities to make us the equipment our healthcare professionals needed and STILL need,

American manufacturing officially entered a recession under Trump. In 2019!! Before the virus! He hasn’t done shit to “bring manufacturing back to the USA”

But ask any Trump supporter and they’ll confidently claim that Trump has been the greatest thing to ever happen to US manufacturing.
I always tell Republicans the economy is good because of Obama's presidency. I compare it to football. If your team is up 49-10 in the fourth quarter and you take your starting quarterback out, you don't give credit to the second stringer coming in.
Im pretty sure the COVID lockdown had a major cause in this,  before we weren't doing terribly, but he just couldn't keep his damn mouth shut at all.
This guy spammed a whole bunch of sources but didn't cite anything. Guess why? All his sources pretty much contradict his entire post lol. 

The pandemic killed the economy,  but it was doing very well before that, and the trade wars did not have any significant impact

EDIT: I meant any significant impact to the economy as a whole, obviously there were people that were hurt by it, didn't mean to discount them
mfs be destroying trump everyday and his supporters still don’t care
If you look at [every relevant economic indicator](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/09/05/trump-obama-economy/) (growth, unemployment, median income, etc), none of the trends changed when Trump took office. They kept changing in the same way, at the same rates, under Trump as they did under Obama.

The only exception is debt. The deficit during Obama's last year in office was under 0.67 trillion, and in 2019, it was over 1.4 trillion. So take from that math what you will.
*190,000+ US Manufacturing jobs lost in 2019, before COVID. The Fed lowered interest rates 3x in 2019. You have to have the IQ of a gold fish to think Trump improved the economy or even came close to doing well with the economy. Despite slashing regulations, i.e. jobs, and oversite, more jobs, he hurt this country worse than almost any natural or man made disaster. Trump is a disaster, at every level.

*Article says 175,000: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/trump-steel-tariffs-raised-prices-shriveled-demand-led-job-losses-n1242695
People who give Trump so much credit are deeply ignorant. Staffers have routinely described Trump as lazy. He just sits around and lets everyone else do the work, while occasionally signing something and doing rallies.

Just because a person is president doesn't mean they are the cause of x, y, or z. Like the "record black employment" thing they like to flaunt around. Look at a damn trendline. Trump literally did nothing amd just inherited the trend.
Takes a special kind of intelligence to think the economic drop was Trump's fault rather than, idk, a pandemic that was caused by China's failure to contain a virus. And to imply that the economy would have been fine if it weren't for Trump... What an outstanding display of such intelligence. Truly, a masterpiece of a spectacle to be observed throughout the next millennium.
How delusional can you people be?
I was thinking oooh this is gonna be good. But, if im being completely honest here, i dont know because reddit wouldnt load the comments

Jezus christ i hate this app.
Tired of winning? I know I am.
He's a bankruptcy businessman. He declares bankruptcy to avoid his failures, did people expect anything less with this country? If he could have declared this country's bankruptcy and got rid of all of the debt  he totally would have and then bragged about how great a businessman he is for bankrupting a country
I love this. Thank you. Now I have sources all in one place to discuss this with my dad. 

Back when I was in middle school and high school, my dad and I would travel to New York for Father's Day trips. He used to live in Manhatten. One day he took me to Brooks Brothers because he loved their suits and wanted to surprise me with one. We walk past a display table full of books by Donald Trump. I guess it was Art of the Deal. I'll always remember my dad's reaction. He scoffed and said, "Sure. I could have been a millionaire too if my dad lent me a hundred thousand dollars." He went on to tell me about what a lying phony piece of garbage Trump is and how lots of people in New York despise that dude.

Then Trump runs in 2016 and because my dad is a lifelong no questions asked Republican, he votes for Trump. He'll be okay he said. He's good for my wallet her said. Stocks and the economy will only be good under Trump he said...

I'm sure he voted for him again too. Love my parents, but they're definitely politically brainwashed.
So he makes a bunch of ridiculous claims then backs it up with highly biased media articles. All based on a downtick in the stock market which he says isn’t that important anyways. 

No look at unemployment numbers 

No look at welfare recipients 

No look at job gains across industries to include transition from dead end roles. 

People love to go knuckle deep and pretend they’ve got a fist in. Then they make absurd conclusions based on a disorganized mash up of propaganda. Pathetic.
This is some r/averageredditor shit. Obama’s economy was poop.

Trump 2020!
How was the economy and the stock market doing before "da Covid"?
Reminds me of when I fact checked someone quoting Trump’s claim about black people having low unemployment thanks to Trump. According to the Bureau of Labor, black unemployment rates dropped from 16% to 8% by 2016 before Trump was even in office. Under Trump, it’s only dropped from 8% to 6% before covid.
What’s RGDP? Return of Gross Domestic Product?
God bless the people still willing to supply links to sources for Trump supporters who demand them.

I stopped long ago because Trump supporters always argue in bad faith and will disregard any fact that puts their cult leader in a negative light as "fake news".

The best way to stay sane is always recognize when you're playing chess with pigeons.
Is this a joke? This is a clearly an amateurs opinion with just a source bomb at the end. The “sources” don’t come close to backing up the many claims this guy made. But I guess all reddit needs is an opinion they like and the illusion of “facts” that back it up.

Edit: wow everyone missed the point of this. I didn't post evidence, because all the evidence that was required is in the post being referenced. 

Here's an example though, OP says, 

>"after his tax cuts (and loans) to the rich (which gave the stock market a sugar high which quickly crashed back down, but at the expense of a drop in rgdp and employment, and doubling up the national debt) and his trade war with china, growth slowed down and eventually, turned into a contraction just before covid19. this contraction is now blamed on covid, when in actuality, it already happened prior, from his trade wars."

But, his sources don't prove this at all! Here are his sources, that you can reference. I dare anyone to find me the proof in these sources for these claims. 

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-45827430

https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2020-10-30/trump-s-economy-really-was-better-than-obama-s

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-45827430

https://www.jec.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/2c298bda-8aee-4923-84a3-95a54f7f6e6f/did-trump-create-or-inherit-the-strong-economy.pdf

https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/09/05/trump-obama-economy/

https://www.dw.com/en/trump-and-the-us-economy-what-can-he-take-credit-for/a-54945982

None of you will, of course, and that's my whole point. Someone doesn't need to be right on Reddit to get upvotes or to r/bestof's front page. All you need is to say something reddit agree's with, and the illusion of "facts" that back it up. Case and point.
Biden 2020. Be safe and look out for the people around you. We have got this, come what may.
If Biden wins the election today all Faux News will talk about is how all of the problems with our economy now are because of Biden's impending Presidency and not because of Trump's inadequacies over the past four years.
This has been the case for the last several presidents. Republicans fuck everything up and a Democrat has to fix it.
Somewhat related but how has the stock market done under Trump? I'm still young and didnt start investing till around 2017 so I haven't followed it for past presidents like Obama. If we don't look at the crash this year and focus on say Decemeber 2019 back to when he was elected did we maintain a pretty steady growth compared to Obama even though Trump inherited a good economy? Or has it underperformed compared to Obama years, I genuinely don't know and I've seen conflicting sources on the topic.
Everything Trump touches dies.
If you just bothered to read the sources that he posted, you would see that his comment is wrong in several areas as others posted and as it is addressed in the highlighted comment. I am surprised how people don't read the sources when they are right there. 

The very first one (BBC link) already disproves several points he made in the beginning paragraphs. There are other points that are disproved in the other links. 

Why is this here? Moreover when people are still discussing this as seen on the comments? If you're going to post something, should it be something that is being heavily contested as it is and being accused of having misinformation?
Just woke up here in the UK and the vote is far too close to call...only Trump is doing better than projected. Why do I get a sinking feeling he's going to win again?
[deleted]
I'm sorry correct me if I'm wrong.   Was the economy not soaring until covid?  CA resident, on the surface i've made more and paid less taxes than I ever have, with Trump in office. My work(construction) was absolutely exploding, work on the books for years.  Now with companies hesitant to bring workers back, and everyone working from home, I fear a significant decline in the amount of building taking place.
What an inaccurate statement.
We really need to level set stuff like this prior to a new administration so the whole country has the same knowledge going forward.  We have too many points of view on facts when facts have one pov.
republicans believe based on faith, they cannot comprehend facts.
Dang reddit is going to riot tonight. How do I board up my reddit window.
Always talking about the "failing economy" but never pair it together with the pandemic. The economy was great before that happened.
Sketchy claim IMO.  The economy was booming under Trump and booming up until covid hit.  When covid hit it all fell apart.  If covid hadn't hit, the economy would probably still be booming.
Growing economy?  It was all debt you fools.

[https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GFDEBTN](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GFDEBTN)
Weird that people would think that someone who has zero political experience and has failed at everything else in his life would make a great president.
someone should cross post this to /conservative and see how long it takes to get banned.
Proud to have helped to get this fucker out
Trump supporter: "dow grew by 25% under trump!"
Me:  "dow grew by 250% under Obama"
Trump supporter:  "lol Obama started in a recession"
Me:  "and taking office in the greatest recessions since 1940 somehow made his job easier?"
Trump supporter:  "lol president doesn't impact economy"
Me: "then why bring it up?"
What's fucked is half the country is too idiotic to realize this and just laps up the horseshit that is shoved down their throats
It amazes me that people can’t see that COVID is the reason for the economic downturn.
Kind of wanna see what else he can do

Unleash apocalypse? Another civil war? Portal to the underworld? Sign me up
[removed]
People keep blaming the economy on Covid-19.

However, the economy started to collapse 5 months *before* the first Covid-19 death in America.

https://wallstreetonparade.com/2020/05/wall-streets-financial-crisis-preceded-covid-19-chart-and-timeline/?fbclid=IwAR2Mqq73xmQKxWCa2IiXU84FdxXVvJe3OxLChbneaJ5prxvBGUXdMzcupuw

Trump kept Wall Street artificially propped up, to this day, on $6,600,000,000,000 (6.6 trillion) that he threw at Wall Street.

If a reputable polling outfit were to ask Americans what caused the current financial crisis on Wall Street, they would say the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic. If Americans were asked in the same poll when the financial crisis on Wall Street started, they would tie it to outbreaks of the virus in the U.S. this year.

But as the timeline below and the chart above clearly substantiate, the financial crisis on Wall Street began in earnest on September 17, 2019, almost four months before the first death from coronavirus anywhere in the world was reported in China on January 11, 2020 and five months before the first death in the U.S. was reported on February 29, 2020, having occurred one day earlier on February 28. (See the New York Times coronavirus timetable here.)

This big disconnect between what people believe about the current Wall Street crisis and the easily documented facts show just how effective Wall Street’s spin doctors and protection racket have become at promulgating a false narrative through mainstream media outlets. (To help get the truth out to the American people, Wall Street On Parade has chronicled each milestone in the crisis in an investigative series that now includes more than seven dozen articles.)

The reason that it’s critically important for Americans to understand that Wall Street is getting another massive bailout from the Fed for a crisis it started before COVID-19 was on our shores is because the structure of Wall Street, with trading casinos allowed to own our largest commercial banks, is far more deadly to the future of America than COVID-19.
He's a mile high and an inch deep.
