That time where Tuco saves half of the universe

This is a masterpiece!
This is so well done omg lol
One of the greatest things I’ve had the opportunity to set my eyes upon
The editing in this is fantastic.
This was the 14,000,607th possible outcome. If only Strange had looked a little further...
Tuco Salamanca snorted an infinity stone and that made him worthy to lift Mjolinir.
That has to be one of the highest effort memes ive ever seen, and ive seen a lot.
Toit toit toit
Tuco would've also stuck a few infinity stones in his grill. Would've made one hell of a desk toy for Hank...

...who would've promptly tossed it into the river
This is one of the best memes of all time. Maybe THE best.
video from https://youtu.be/96-3VUxfNKc

original creator's reddit u/capra1117

I highly encourage everyone to subscribe and support the original creator here https://youtube.com/c/AlternativeCutsStudios so he can make more videos like this
Everywhere I go I see his face
Absolute genius
This is unbelievably high quality. Thank you to whoever made this masterpiece
The only being in the universe scarier than Thanos is Tuco welding Thor's hammer.
This is amazing, the animation, the perfect blending, perfect edits, everything.. Simply Brilliant!!!
Hey I'm an original author. It's kind of a shame that some people don't post a link to the source. Or a link just from youtube because who has time to click the link instead of waiting for the reddit page to load the video automatically xD But thanks for the comments anyway
The way he casually takes the stone and crushes it is hilarious
Amateur video editing has come too far.
I never imagined I needed something like so much
Infinity meth
I watched training day the other day and noticed that tuco's character in there is pretty much the same.
God tier edit right here
The edit is amazing
Yeah this is the one
Lol this is one of best edit i have seen
Holy Shit the editing is literally God tier
Reaaaaallly good editing
What a masterpiece! 😂
Holy shit, whoever did this needs a job at one of those big movie studios
This is so well done it makes me wanna cry
u/savevideo
Love Doakes in the end.
u/savevideo
I love it
This is tight!
Absolute masterpiece.
This is a fokking masterpiece
u/savevideo
This has to be one of the highest memes I've seen
u/SaveVideo
That's incredible
Oh man this is legendary! No words.
Does this guy work in a major studio???

This is too good not to be professional...
Yah. This probably my favorite video of all time. No big deal.
This is A+++ quality.
u/savevideo
Holy shit, this is awesome
daam such a good edit
I fucking love this
This is amazing
u/savevideobot
madman meeting with another madman
real one wins
This is done very well!
Epic
This is a pice of art. Well done!
This is a masterpiece. Please tell me a YouTube link is available. r/marvelmemes would love this
I Cant stop watching this. It is perfect!
This meme maker is a modern day DaVinci.
The title says half but this is where Thanos was going to shred the *entire* universe down to its last atom.
This is God level editing.
This is the greatest thing ever
This is too well made
The creator outdid himself! This is a masterpiece
Omg that’s so good!!
This is what internet is for. Good job.
Why does this actually fit in perfectly with this scene.
….TUCOMAN vs Green Bastard
Damn that was amazingly well done is an understatement..
I was praising the editing then Mijolnr came out LOL
I love how casually he breaks down the infinity stone.
This is absolutely beautiful.
Whoever made this is a genius
Yo, this a masterpiece… Bitch!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’m dead 😂
It's a fucking crime that this stolen video has more upvotes here than it has actual views [on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96-3VUxfNKc).

Reddit is cancer.
[deleted]
I'm just commenting so the scholars will record my name in the history books
Do that thing, do that thing, do that-do that thing!
Everyone knows only Flynn is worthy of the Hammer
Holy mother of christ this is god-tier shit

NGL this is a masterclass in video compositing and color grading
[deleted]
After all of these years living on Earth, I finally found the reason God gave me eyes.
u/savevideo
I love how he’s holding mjolnir but still punches him and splits his knuckle lol.
This is the best edit I have ever seen in my life!
u/savevideobot
Lmfao fuck
u/savevideobot
Mam, the contrast between the whole thing and the very end. Talk about a sudden drop in quality.
u/savevideo
Reshoots ruin eveything, his shirts changes between the shots
u/savevideo
Tuco Bringer of Peace.
u/savevideo
Bravo, bravo. Best thing I’ve seen all week
I think this just might be one of the most impressive things I’ve ever seen in my life! Holy shit…
🤣hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
u/savevideobot
Wow...usually videos like this don't do anything for me.  This was a masterpiece however.
u/notmyweight this is so well done
See you boys at the top!
Amazing
[deleted]
That was tight!
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
This is gonna play about 50 times before i go back to werk
u/savevideo
Holy shit this edit was cleaner than Walter's meth.
Perfection
Wooooh! Tight, tight, tight! This was amazing 👏
u/SaveVideo
u/savevideobot
S-tier editing. Instant legendary status meme
That is awesome!
Thank you
That...I...WOW.
this is absolutely incredible.
u/savevideo
Well done
u/savevideo
Some fries motherfucker
That last clip....  isn't that from Dexter?
Whoever did this, please make more. Please!
I hated this scene in breaking bad because its so cartoonish and over the top.

I feel like it works better here in this gif then it did in the show lol. This is a masterpiece.
God damn hahahahahaha
[deleted]
This is canon
#DOAKES
Best true story I have seen in ages. Woooh!
r/combinedgifs
Amazing.
/u/savevideo
Holy shit. This is so good.
This did not happen 
This is fake 🥸 
Breaking 
Bad
Ok
How could one even do a perfect edit like this. It feels like Tycoon (autocompleted that) was recorded on a green background. The lighting is everything and in here it’s perfect. Even the masking of the hair and everything.
That compositing is better than most of Marvel Studios' recent work.
This is genius
u/savevideobot
Amazing
I'd actually watch this
I wanted to use my last 20 coins to love this post so hard but I can't.
This is the most original, beautiful thing I've seen on Reddit in months.
This may be the greatest piece of video I have ever seen!
Thank you for making my day tight!
Surprise Doakes is icing on the cake to this masterpiece.
Dude... that could fool some lesser, uninformed people =)
Holy fuck I’m crying laughing. So well done. Bravo.
This is fantastic.
u/savevideo
Fucking amazing.
Way too good editing. Bravo
The lighting... The lighting!!!! Wow that's so good!
u/SaveVideo
Holy shit
This is genuinely one of the best edits/ videos in general I’ve seen on Reddit, so well done!!!
I need more from this artist.
This is insanely great.
u/savevideo
This was way too good. PERFECT COMBO IN FACT IM SMILING WAY TOO HARD
Give this man all the gold
This is amazingly well done. Great job!
I always thought the Tuco parts were cringe and over the top. The way he reacted to meth made me laugh. Like dial it down a bit.
This is so much better made than I expected.
Amazing!
u/savevideobot
This is some sick editing
That was probably the cleanest editing I've ever seen in a meme video.
holy shit that editing though
u/savevideo
Lol omg
Lol oh shit this is the best thing ever XD
That was a damn fine edit sir.
OUTSTANDING work!
this is so well done
9/10 snorted yellow not blue crystal 

Get your attention to details on point
This is insanely well done. I would’ve thought that was actually filmed there
This is a god damn masterpiece
God damn. The effort.
This is the highest quality meme ever made.
Cool how I just started watching this and now I’m getting posts about it on Reddit.
Holy shit this is amazing
This is a media-based Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
What the actual fuck
OMG HAHAHAHAHA TIGHT!
As soon as Tuco snorted the yellow gem, this song https://youtu.be/uId7G-802xg started to play and I was so confused
Brilliant, brilliant!
Fucking gold
The editing here is amazing
This is my new favorite thing ever.  It used to be my kids but now it's this.
Clean.
How long did you spend on this hahah, love it
This is the best mash up of anything I've ever seen!!! Kudos
This is incredible!
Next level
It would have been awesome if it ended after 'tight, tight, tight.'

This is otherworldly in how great it is.
Holy fuck, the way the lighting is done is impressive.
I never knew I needed this…but I’m glad I have it.
[deleted]
When does this multiverse air?
What's with all these professional video editors making meme edits
When will taco?
"Blue, Yellow, Pink..." Holy fuck, that line fit in so fucking well.
r/Highqualitygifs
u/savevideo
This is EXCELLENT!!!
Holy fuck, this was done perfectly.
Only Legend does these kind of editing. Straight to the point.  Favorite scenes and acting.
Now this is content
Love ❤️ it
Breaking bad with a touch of Dexter. Ma man
This may look like a joke, but in an infinite amount of universe, this scenario is very likely to happen 😆
u/SaveVideo
I can’t imagine how long this took to rotoscope and render
Man there is some talent out there!
Now that's just pure talent
Is that dude from training day? 
“You ever had your shit pushed in?”
This is amazing haha
Hall of fame content
nice
Goddamn 👏👏👏
This is incredible! Thanks!
Crazy sonofabitch did it.
u/savevideo
This has no business being so god damn well made.
Ah yes breaking bad back on the front page. Good times.
Hahaa this was so good
Wtf that's some good editing
How this so well done ? To me it looks like Studio quality, like an opening skit at the oscars or something.
Can we get more? Asking for a friend
Lmfao
Mad respect to whoever did this.
I fucking lost it with the cut to Thor saying "I knew it"
The way “blue, yellow, pink” worked so smoothly in this
When the Mexican music starts playing and cuts to Thanos’s shocked face, I started laughing hysterically, had to pause the video to catch some breath. Kept laughing more until I saw Tuco with Mjolnar and that did the job 😂😂😂 this is the funniest thing I’ve seen this year probably. Thanks for good laughs
u/savevideo
Whoever did this should be the working for marvel
Incredible.
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
I couldn't listen right now but I didn't have to
If I could give more than one up vote, I would. Amazing
This is why the internet has been invented.
Amazing
best video hands down ive ever seen
Lmaooo that is the greatest thing I have ever seen!!!
Salamancas muscle keeps everyone in line including Thanos
Ok that's the best god damn thing I've seen in a long time. Epic applause. Standing ovation. Take all the awards and someone else's.
Great actor!!
r/unpopularopinion, i kinda hate everything related to marvel but this is just too good lmao
Hahahahahahhahahaha I love you
Sometimes people amaze me with what they can do. I’ve seen enough impressive shit for one month… this was all I needed. I’m good on everything else. Holy fuck, this is incredible lmao.
Who is the guy he beats up?
Best edit ever. But seriously, very well edited.
Omg.  So good, thank you for this!
u/savevideo
Actually incredible
This may be one of the best things I have ever watched 😂
!savevideo
Amazing, truly amazing.
FUCKING GODDAMNIT.
This belongs on r/highqualitygifs good job. This is amazing
Holy crap what a time to be alive during such fantastic editing.
This is absolutely amazing!! Great work OP!
Awesome, this is the way!
This is sure to be a timeless classic.
This is incredibly well done
This is amazing
nice
Amazing
Mad skills here! Wow 🤯👏👏👏👏
The absolute quality of craftsmanship here sets the bar *very* high.  I don't think I've seen a mashup this good before.
I thought this was going to be a Good Bad and the Ugly thing.
That shit was golden!!! 🥂🫡
I’m speechless
u/savevideo
This is so fucking cool.
Only thing that would’ve made this better is a cut to Hank saying they’re minerals after Tuco calls them crystals
ART!!!
This is art
u/savevideobot
u/savevideobot
Absolutely brilliant.  Bravo to whomever created this masterpiece
Absolutely brilliant.  Bravo to whomever created this masterpiece
One of my favorite scenes from the show

Satisfying as fuck moment
“How about it, counselor? Do you *concur*?”
Finally has his own private domicile where he will not  be harassed
I love the scene where Saul threatens to sue them for fraud and put a lien on the house.
This starts off good, he buys the extremely expensive house from his parents who kicked him out. But he also later turns it into a trap house and completely trashes it.
Another reason why Jesse looked up to Walt: He treated him like a son, which his real parents never did.
This is why Breaking Bad was such a good show... they set up these amazing payoff moments. You wouldn't even see it coming usually. In this example we knew Jessie bought the place using Saul but still that only helped to build up the payoff moment.
[deleted]
got uncomfortable when he turned it to a trap house lmao
serious retribution in this scene. loved it. im so glad people react viscerally to the same moments i do. it just shows you how good the writing is and what it means to be human
I hated Jesse's parents.  Did you notice the back of their car with those little family decal stickers?  It only had the 2 parents and Jake.  They essentially had written Jesse out of their lives.  Yes he had some problems but even from the start of the show you never get the impression he is a bad person.  Misguided, sure – and likely longing for a father figure/mentor type of male influence, which Walt filled, albeit in an ultimately destructive way.  I wonder what Jesse's father could have done more to fill that role.  But he was too busy blaming ... the irony being it was his "perfect" son who had the joint in the first place. And you know that won't be the last.  If Jake grew up to also have drug problems those two parents oughta take a good look at themselves and ask why.  They didn't have to kick him out of the house and make him homeless.  They just did that out of spite, and let the lawyer speak for them for the most part.  So when Jesse did the same thing back it was a giant middle finger back to them.  Which they deserved.
I had to look this up to get the joke, so I though I would save you the Google:
[Background](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rArzMrhTxF8) &
[Clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YopTe-3lH_s)
The way he soooooo casual about it
[deleted]
His brother was better at hiding his indiscretions. Jesse wears everything he feels on his sleeves, especially around his parents. Before he met Walter, Jesse was crashing with or was a lowly cook in that meth operation inside the house, in the pilot. Most of Jesse's friends are cool, interesting people, but they are also very much burn outs who kinda just do meth and hang out. Jesse is a lot like that. I would guess Jesse's parents are making tons of assumptions about him, some true, some untrue, but nowhere in those assumptions is that Jesse is a highly paid drug kingpin who can afford to launder the money and buy a house for himself.

I do wonder, if Jesse had bought a different house, would he have done better emotionally as stuff went bad? Would he have had more inner strength to turn people down and to just stay in a kinda healthy space? Like, by having a different home, he isn't constantly haunted by his own past and his family's as he would be in the family home.

Unfortunately, when someone doesn't know the real you and only sees certain aspects, they make assumptions that are often on their face, true, in terms of no exaggerations, but they lie to themselves by omission, by assuming the person they're judging isn't more complex and capable of other stuff.

But yeah the joint reaction was... telling. Telling of maybe why Jess fell down so far. His folks don't sound like the type to have an honest conversation with their children about drugs, or they seem like like types to say "hey, i never had this problem. I don't get the appeal. Neither should you." and that's the end of it with them. With a kid who knows how to hide in plain site and is just smoking some weed, like Jesse's younger brother, parents like this will consider them the Golden Child. People like Jesse, who, again, bares his soul with pretty much everything he says and does, is an easy scapegoat to otherwise delusional parents in denial about their family.
I was rooting for Jesse the whole time.
I was so happy in the moment. I thought they needed to include Jesse’s family just a bit more
This was like the biggest "Fuck you guys" moment thath Jesse ever had. Fuck his parents.
As someone who had controlling parents, who pushed me to overachieve, I can attest that it drives you into craziness and depression. I made it into the top university that they wanted. But at what cost? I would say I am healing myself now. And it has been painful to tell the least. But, certainly different.
This scene is like Jesse being a mini-Heisenberg. He knows he's in the wrong, he fucked up his relationship with his parents, but he still gets to win (his parents did bring it on themselves though, they shouldn't have tried to hide the meth lab in the basement that Jesse made). 

I love this scene too, but this is one of the few instances where Jesse was in the wrong.
This makes me want to quit prime and go back to Netflix.
But even before when Saul made the offer for 400 and he brought up the meth lap and treated to sue them until he got the deal the look on their faces
Every time I see this scene I'm struck at how healthy Jesse looks. Like this is the one point in the whole series where something is not shitty for him (at least from his point of view).
“Do you concur, counseler?”
Soooo satisfying.
[deleted]
Jessie deserved this win 😂❤
If only Jesse’s parents turned him hank and so many others would be alive today Gus and Gale would be running there super lab and probably never got caught.
Church
I didn’t like how this was his parents last appearance in the series.
Biggest fuck you to the parents. Easily one of my favourite moments.
I literally just watched this episode today. I loved that scene.
This was definitely the best thing. I love that poetic justice
My favorite is when hank is raising money for Walt and he says the person with the biggest donation gets a six pack of his Shraeder - Brau beer.

Gomey - “person with the smallest donation gets two six packs.” 

Cheeky fucker lol!
That was such a power move
The scene with his parents broke my heart.
What can I say? It’s a damn good place
Definitely in the top 10 best moments of the show.
HAHA. I loved this scene too. Just re-watched the entire series again. LOVE THIS SHOW!!
Which episode was this? I remember it
Ya bitch!
Right?! This scene made me so, so happy.  


I remember leading up to this point, my father was ahead of me in this series. I said to him I wished Jesse would have a lucky break as he was so sorrowful and my dad was all, "Ohhh don't worry, he does."  


It's just so sad that this essentially was one of the very rare moments of happiness and good that happened to him; yes there was Jane which was momentary and unhealthy happiness, then Andrea which was just an overall heartbreaking end. He had so few moments of happiness, the moment he started working with Walt he was doomed. So sad.   


Btw speaking of, me and my boyfriend have started rewatching the series again for, genuinely, the sixth time hahaha
One of the most satisfying moments in the show and this ome was special and I was so happy for Jesse. ♥️🥺
Jesse good
Lol, im new to the subreddit and tbh I REALLY don't thought it was THAT famous, just loved it :D
I fucking loved this moment. The liberation from his parents was maginificent
irony in this is that the parents bailed him out of the house a while back and after jesse gets his share, he returns by buying the place and this moment itself is **savage** af.
Jesse’s parents are shit. 

I’ve learned recently that apparently people didn’t “get” that?
[deleted]
Buys the house like a pro.

Turns it into a big meth house within months LMAO.
Y,all are tripping 
Yes the house was a satisfying moment but it comes at the cost of the shows portrayal of Jesse's innocence. He has this whole conversation with his group therapy leader about finding his true self which he decides is to be a piece of shit. Which he convinces himself is true because of how Walt and his parents treat him, but we know he's actually a dope dude who even tries to leave the trap like 3 times in the show before Walt sabotages it. 

When Jesse fucks over his parents, he's externalizing his view of himself as a villain and we're ultimately seeing Walt destroy the love between family, as much as the drugs Jesse was addicted to. This isnt a good or satisfying moment. It's a sad and petty one. It's not even clever because at the same time he's telling Saul to fuck off when all he's trying to do is launder his dirty money. He's being petulant and mean to be just that, something he learned from Walt. 

It reminds me of how people love to praise the "I'm the one who knocks" scene like Walt's a badass, when in the scene he's sort of rambling and feverishly trying to take control of a situation he has none in. When he says that, he's trying to make Skylar feel better but she doesn't believe it, and worse, he doesn't even seem to believe it either.
It's amazing to see how many people in here are clearly closer to Jesse's age and have zero clue about parenting but still feel like they can argue about it. 

It's like everyone hating Skyler all over again because she gets in the way of the character I like.
it was sad to see what a mess it turned into
Legend
crazy handful of nothing
The other half of the chicken brothers
TOTALLY!
He looks so young here
This is weird, I am literally JUST rewatching that episode! 
Great moment!
Episode number?
The relationship dynamics in this show are incredible
Dude that's the episode that made Saul my favorite character. When he was negotiating the price of the house with Jesse's parents and their lawyer. It's in my top 3 favorite scenes!
My favorite sound
Yep
Badass moment for Jesse
I'd love to rewatch this but can't bring myself to because of past drug use
Jesse’s parents: Get out of my house
Jesse: Uno Reverse card
This and the scene before with Saul and the Parents.

'How about it counselor, do you concur?'

https://youtu.be/rArzMrhTxF8
I really wanted a reaction from them
My best scene is the complete series Xd
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-Digital- Animal- Freaky Folks
Ooh, I forgot about this. The wife and I are re-watching at the moment for the first time since it was out originally. Amazing how much you forget. Just started Season 3. It's easily as good the second time around.
My Mom pretty much treats me the same way. My brother is a saint to her. Me, not so much.
And then he turns it into a crack den
Are you trying to make me do a rewatch? I've watched three or  four times and trying to give it a rest for a couple of years, maybe right before or after BCS final season but this makes me want to watch.
I always think about the line when they say “Breaking even isn’t so Bad”
Jesse had such big dick energy at that moment
never wwatched it, worth investing the time now?
That was a great moment in breaking bad
We cheered at this bit!
HA ! BURNN !!!
*mic drop*
I need to watch the show but I'm low key intimidated
Bitch
Can a native speaker help me, did the parents request for 78 million and Jesse offer 400k ?
At first, I thought the same.  After some reflection, I believe it is one of the worst parts of the show.  A good story line though.
Jesse is by far one of the best written characters Ive seen, the fact that he tries so hard throughout the episodes to become better or to at least not stop feeling guilty about obvious bad things is very admirable for someone who could have simply chosen to be rotten and do nothing about it
YESSSSS! His character progression was incredible to watch. I read an article about the creators choices as the series went on and, as you watch, Pinkman slowly starts dressing in lighter clothes as he matures. Meanwhile, Walter's wardrobe starts to get darker and darker as he sinks deeper into the business.
Ahh what bothered me is that this was the last we heard about them, like them or not I can't imagine they'd just go "ah well so be it, on with life", how could they accept this happened after everything up to this point?
FUCK MR AND MRS PINKMAN!!!!
If you watch the entire show you know that Jesse has a good heart. Whether he is a good person is debatable. It's understood that he cared for and took care of his aunt when his parents couldn't give a fuck, so he deserved that house- aside from the dynamic with his parents, which is more controversial
This is me.... every low level position I didn’t get.
I'm on season 4. I loved this scene so much
It's complicated, both sides are wrong and right at the same time. They just have to talk about everything  to solve it. If anything is missing, then it'll just crash again.
I loved this scene! His damn parents were so annoying.
Yeah B***h !!
It was great seeing Jesse use their weapon against them.
When hank closes the garage door
This one hit me right in the feels
He got an good
What did people think of the movie
Every man who red that say to himself bitch right now
YESSSS! That was a sweet moment for Jesse😌
Well it's not my favorite scene, and the world revolves around me so, it's not a good scene :/
I had such a dumb grin the entire scene, so good.
Mine is when Gus died, such a good display of special effects
This is one of those scenes where you root for Jesse when you’re young, but sympathize with his parents as you get older.
I always thought he was an ass to his parents.
Breaking Bad cast reunites for 10th anniversary

Pizza on the roof, Jessie’s license plate in the window, one eyed teddy bear on the ground next to Jessie, hank holding Schraderbreu. 

Fake news. Marie isn’t wearing purple 
No Gomie?  No Gracias.
Gus needs more HDR
Ran into Aaron at the Delta lounge at LAX a couple months ago. I asked him about The Price is Right; he called it "truly my best work to date".
Brian looks really good
Walt jr can walk! 
there’s a lot of denim in this photo
Where is Holly!?
Facial reconstruction surgery works wonders these days.
This looked fake until I zoomed in and realized it’s just super HD
Excuse my ignorance, but who is the man in top row, besides Walt Jr?
Marie is looking sharp.
Marie, sup?
I know Dean Norris is holding a Schraderbräu, but I almost feel like Dean Norris should always be holding a beer always.
Half of the faces look like they've been airbrushed to remove wrinkles.
the photoshop overkill  is gross
Mike owning this damn photo. Love that old man
They couldn’t take a second photo so Cranston’s eyes were open? 
It's been 10 years? Holy shit. 
Is this a composite? Why do their faces look like a wax statue?

EDIT: Guys, I know what Photoshop is. I know this is photoshop. My question was a sarcastic question to whoever was responsible for this photo.
The photoshop here is unbelievable. Walt Jr looks like his face isn't on properly, Gus looks like he's lost a lot of weight.
I’m getting the itch to re-watch for the 4th time....
All the little nuggets interspersed throughout the pic is what makes it awesome.

I can’t believe it’s been 10 years 
Giancarlo Esposito looks like a painting 
This explains the insta pic with Dean Norris and Vince with the RV in the background. We were all speculating it was BTS for BCS but now we know. 
What a fucking fantastic programme this was. Just superb. 
Vince Gilligan looks like a Southern Gentleman version of Littlefinger. 
Nobody aged besides Gus and Walt Jr 
The Chad Flynn.

Can we also talk about Marie’s horrible denim dress.
Why do they think it's so bad people age. This picture looks awful with the huge amount of Photoshopping. 
Breaking Bad cast gets Photoshopped together for 10th anniversary.
The purple bear has not aged well 
Holy Batman Photoshop!
It looks like Skylar has her fingertips rested on the side of Hank's head
Gus looks like a dusty dapper badass blues guitar player from a century ago
so much airbrushing
Cab we get this without extreme Photoshop?
How to airbrush a picture to death. 

My God, does that look shitty. 
Why does everyone look.....animated? 

Gus looks like he's made of rubber

Mike looks like a droopy dog (more than usual)

Maybe it's the editing or the lighting but something seems weird and off about this photo like it's not real
the post processing in this picture is so overdone they look like wax statues. Too much effort to make it grittier 
nobody's gonna comment on how thick RJ's neck is? dude looks like he only does neck days at the gym. 
May i ask where the hell is Walter ?
Cranston's eyes are closed on purpose?
Are you sure this is not a wax museum?
Where's Bogdan?
Best series ever, start to finish
Skyler is still hot as fuck
Nice.
Wow almost didn’t recognize Gus!
They all look thrilled to be there
Those are clearly wax sculptures.
Giancarlo Esposito and RJ Mitte are so different from how they characters looked. If that wasn't a Breaking Bad picture I wouldn't recognize them.
No Gomey?!
Usually it doesn't stand out too much with a singular person, but when there's a whole crowd of heavily airbrushed people it's really creepy and inhumane 
Boy, this has a lot of touch ups in photoshop. 
Vince's face looks photoshopped onto his head, and his head onto his body.

The whole photo is absolutely overdone. 
that show was so fucken good  I would randomly yell Yo Bitch at work. 
Lot of denim in this photo
They all look remarkably well considering half of them died. 
Schrederbrau
How has it been 10 years. 
Damn Junior you lookin' good.
Cast? Really? WHAT CHARACTER DID VINCE PLAY? 
Gus Fring's enjoying retirement and Mike's back from Belize. Didn't Walt Jr's actor actually have that paralysis irl?
Gus looking fly
They sure are taking their sweet ass time with Better Call Saul
Aaron Paul got a special gift for his new baby

*baby shits in the middle of the night*

"SHE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT"
His face says “this show ended 5 years ago and I’m still doing this” 
He'll never escape that role as much as he might want to 
It'll be hard to come across a tv show again that will top Breaking Bad
What's he doing these days?  
Just enjoying the goodlife I reckon
I wanna know who the fuck sells a respirator for a baby....
I know actors or musicians hate it when they’re only remembered for their one big thing but if my one big thing was Breaking Bad I’d love every minute of it
Oh okay, it'll be a long time, he is Todd.
Looks like a “Dunny” from the early H3 vids 
Aaron Paul's baby after taking a dump- "clean me up. Bitch."
I bet he loves that people only associate him with a single role.
Shouldn't it be yellow
It's a little late for that hidden coathanger if the Baby is already born
"STOP CRYING BITCH!!!"
Implying there are old babies?  There are 2 kinds of babies, new babies, and dead babies.
Their infant is going to be protected from hazardous environments as well.
What about a Todd outfit?
That's just creepy
Funny, I look at him and think 'Todd' now, not 'Jesse'. Definitely an improvement, Todd's much happier.
did jimmy cry when he gave it to him
It’s a girl, bitch!
Aww... bitch. 
He’ll never be free of Jesse Pinkman.  
[deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) [deleted] (fuck Reddit) 
it's a little late for a coathanger
That's cool, but I literally can't upvote somehting with Kimmel in it. Fuck that douchenozzle.
If Jimmy Kimmel wasn’t such a huge piece of shit I would like this. 
Great family photo
What has he been up to these days?
His harline is making a b-line...
[deleted]
Jimmy Kimmel is an asswipe.
Reminds me of Neighbors
Kinda morbid innit?
I don’t get why hosts even give celebrities mock jokes. You know that ass is throwing that campy corny shit away first foot in the door. 
By the look of his face that's going in the never touching again pile.
Kids really should stay away from meth 
Seems too small for most babies.
They probably live in Chernobyl
what the hell is that coming out of it - a worm?

edit; nvm i see its a hanger.
Yeah!!!!! Babies, Yo
I thought from the thumbnail it was going to be the stuffed animal that landed in the pool
Looks like a bootleg Jeff Dunham fuck doll
Looks like a Facebook post announcing one of them is pregnant
Fuck Jimmy Kimmel
Blursed
sus
Amogus
My brain has been poisoned, nothing will ever be the same again
Im in the shitpire business
Which bitch did he nail?
Aaron Paul is a bitch.
And Logan Paul is back , that's another gift
I'd have his baby.
please stop glorifying meth 
I just love Bryan

"He can't keep getting away with it!"
I was at comic con that year, people were freaking out because he had been walking around the floor taking pictures with people because it was great cosplay. No one had a clue it was actually him
Zoinks gang, Walter white was Bryan Cranston this whole time!
/r/2healthbars
https://i.imgur.com/i3eLl.gifv
How can that mask look more like Heisenberg than Bryan himself? 
[removed]
[Full video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdJOXEQtfi0)
I'm the one who "mocks".
Wish I could take mine off
Bryan Cranston is Hal IRL and nobody will convince me otherwise
When an irate ~~mom~~ drug dealer asks for the ~~manager~~ Heisenberg and you are the ~~manager~~ Heisenberg
I know nothing about comic con, but I would've thought breaking bad wouldn't fit with the criteria. What kind of casts are invited to comic con? I would have figured it was more of a Syfy and comics only. Sorry for my ignorance it seems like a fun convention. 
This had me spooked
[deleted]
Why was Walter White not attractive at all, but Mr. Cranston is kinda hot? It’s the same damn guy 😂
The only way he could finally hide from Louis
That mask is horrifying once removed 😂
[mp4 link](https://g.redditmedia.com/e_rnSninDvvZkh6-lGi9s86RC6nWck1UXnTN5xmumNg.gif?fm=mp4&mp4-fragmented=false&s=fafdfb8afe903e5bfa6bf8ea8e5d5d06)

---
This mp4 version is 89.28% smaller than the gif (1.78 MB vs 16.59 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2
No one cared who I was until I took off the mask 
I deliberately did not watch the show when it came out due to all the hype.
I recently started watching it on Netflix.
Now I agree with the accolades, this (Breaking Bad) is a great show.
Great writing, well presented, well acted.
From Heisenberg to Heisenhal
For a moment it looked like it was jimmy fallon under the mask 
It's like he aged backwards! 
His arm grew back!
That's *Mr. Cranston*, to you.
This deserves an a award
Guy went from Walter White to Hal Wilkerson
r/2healthbars
I can still take on the boys one on one, but if they ever gang up on my...
Hey, thanks OP. I love you, too.
*mission impossible music intensifies*
Look there's Vince! He's so cute lol
I was at that comicon and I remember seeing him walking around in the mask.

Didn't see this panel unfortunately
/u/theintermediate he just took his face off
That was terrifying
R/twohealthbars
I can’t think of any other series I’ve completely watched more than once. I’ve watched Breaking Bad three times now. And it still amazes me. 
Mother cluckin inception!
Wait a second .. he wasnt wearing this mask for the show was he?
So did he wear that mask in the show?
That made my day. 
r/bettereveryloop
[deleted]
He is SO pleased with himself!! I love it 
/r/2healthbars/ inb4 post
Literally rewatching s5e11 right now. This gif shattered me.
wait…..whattttt？
someone please make this a GIF
Bryan-ception
Then they (Bryan and Aaron) proceed to make out with it as Vince takes pictures.
STOP USING GIFS
Had this been an ordinary person, would you 'love' that guy? I feel that because he's a celebrity he gets extra credit. Sure,  he maybe somewhat nice and funny but no more than my neighbour, who I certainly don't make posts about how much I love him.. 

Does anyone actually, truely, think this video is funny or great? Does anyone else share the same feeling or am I just a jealous idiot? 
I know it’s old news, and a tad unrelated, but I gotta give mad props to our man Lavell Crawford for pulling off that weight loss.

“Huell, how pleased are you with your weight loss?”  
  
“Reasonably”
Awesome. He very well likely has increased his life expectancy dramatically.
It really helped with the casting too. I actually thought it was his brother or something in BCS, huell my boi!
So sad to see Huell’s transformation from BCS to BB, he really let himself go putting on all that weight :( Hopefully he can lose some weight and return to his old ways while he waits for that kind DEA agent Hank to let him know he’s safe
It's a LANDSLIDE!
No food in the DEA safehouse.
he had nothing to eat trapped inside that house for years
my man
Huel is no longer just reasonably happy, he is also reasonably healthy
Canonically he must’ve gotten fatter after he started working for Saul since he’s thinner in BCS lol
Whoa I hadn’t seen this-he must’ve lost half his body weight! Legit would not have recognized him.
This Is What Happens When Huell Gets To Go To Mexico
When I first watched BCS I thought that they had casted a different actor to play young Huell, he looks a lot younger!
Man he was waitin for a long ass time huh?
He looks great, good for him.
Skinny in Better Call Saul and big again in Breaking Bad, he had a relapse , it happens. 

Good for Huel
This is what chilling in a safe house for 6 months does to you
The homie looks fantastic
Dang hes a cutie!
“It’s a LANDSLIDE!”
“Damn that is like, an act of GOD man!” 😁
Lifting weights instead of ricin cigarettes and dime bags
Facts with an x
THUNDERCATS....HOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Buell Habanereux.
Wow. This is amazing, congrats!
He hasn’t eaten since he has been locked away by Hank
Which sadly means that Huell must’ve had a big weight gain between the shows
He’s gonna have to put it back on for continuity of seasons 6 of BCS. 😂 (joking)
Thanks for posting this I had no idea. Love to see these kind of stories it gives me some hope.
“It’s a landsliiiide”
Todd stole all his food
Ain't no thang man
He and Todd did the opposite…
I didn’t notice until I rewatched BB, but hells yeah, it’s coming off! I love my big Huell teddy bear but his health comes first. 🧸
One of my favorite things Breaking Bad did was put Lavell Crawford and Bill Burr, 2 well known comedians, and given them serious acting roles as Saul’s henchmen.
I swear I heard he died a few years ago....
wHy CoNgRaTuLaTe hE wAs BeUtIfUl BeFoRe
Holy shit I actually thought he was dead
He got the stomach surgery. Lol.
goddamn!
Good for him!
I sat behind him on a flight from Raleigh to Houston and was shocked at the difference. I told him nice work on the weight loss.
Hot damn. How did he do it?
If I had an award I’d give him one
Landslide!
It's a landslide!
Saw Lavell do standup at the Funny Bone in my area a few years ago. Dude seemed struggling to be up there at the time so it's great he's doing better
Holy shit.  Good for him.
Lavell why you breathing so heavy?


I WANNA LIIIIIIIIIVE
Two chops to the throat
He said he gotta do it, and he did!
What the fuck! That's awesome.
Hey Lavell why ya breathing so hard?


So I can live!
He saw what happened to Ralphie May and got his shit together.
Wow it’s not old news to me he looks wonderful and I’m sure he feels much better congratulations!
That's landslide.
Man. He lost an entire Ron Funches. But, like, a current Ron Funches. Not the one from a few years ago.
Holy shit, he's looking great. Didn't know about the transformation.
You mean landslide?
Babineaux
Stopped eating Eggs Tyrone and changed overnight....
That jacket is fucking lit
Stay blessed
Underrated comic,  glad to see hes doing well
Oh wow, that's great. Good for him.
Aftershock
He looks like Craig Robinsons…. Just a little…
He looks great!
Todd obviously found the weight Huell lost!
Dude, it makes him look old... He's funny af... Can a brother get sum luv... Hilarious! Prefer the big guy. Best facial expressions ever.
Just how long did he spend in the hotel room?
Ron Funches did the same thing.

Congrats to both
Oh no.  But his jokes about whoppers costing money ain't gonna be the same.
Man, I need that sports jacket!
Definitely could hopefully live a longer life 👍🏼
dude went from /-_-\ to {-_-}
Wow he looks great!
Wow! Good for him
ig that’s what he’s been doing after he left his house
He gave his weight to todd in el camino
New need to me. Looks good
Damn he looks fucking good!!! He was always handsome but now you can really see it. 

Im glad he dropped the weight!

That outfit makes me feel like he's about to pick up a alto saxophone and busting out some George Michael sax. Lmfao
He's the Magic Man now
I was very, very happy to see his weight loss when he was first introduced in better call Saul!
He gave the weight to Todd in el Camino
Good for him
Disappointed that there are no /r/hoolsrools references here
Landslide?
Been counting those steps, baby!
He did have plenty of time to work out in that house while waiting for Heisenburg to get captured.
He must have sat in that safe house for a long time without food
C'mon Huell! We like when our buddy Huell is happy, ain't that right, Huell?

I always felt like this character prolly got off the best from all the disaster of the show (along with Kudy). Happy to see the actor enjoying his life, as well.
The problem is, it now looks like Huell gained all that weight after meeting Saul in the reality of the show.
Is that the famous comedian Landslide?
Props to him, hell yeah
💸 💸💸💸💸💸 dude
Nice, looking good! Heard him on a podcast interview a few years ago and he seems like a really good dude.
He lois this is worse than the time someone insulted my reddit avatar
Good for him and nothing but total respect.
This is the moment he became Heisenberg
I hope he appeared in better call Saul season 6 maybe a gene scene because I hate to think he still thinks his best friend betrayed him
Damn dude!! Probably the reason he’s still kicking, props to him!
After Mexico:
Dam!! Throwing sandwiches!!
Digested Kim
Now we definitely need to fuel huel
Damn he looks good
The only recurring character who looks better in BCS than BB
[removed]
Not the right subreddit but about comedians slimming down. My boy, Ian Karmel, is crushing it. He looks so great!!
ITS A LAAAAAANDSLIIIDE
I thought he died of a heart attack. I’m happy that the PTB decided to bring him back. Now just bring back John Pinnette & Kevin Meany & we really got something.
How’s he gonna play huel in season 6 now though 😩
The moment I fell in love with Breaking Bad

I wonder how many plates they had to smash in order to get the perfect menacing shard
Yep. And I had already almost fallen for Krazy 8’s story.
My dumb 17 year old ass didn’t get this the first time I saw it. I was like “chill just buy another plate”

That and the Lilly of the Valley scene. I’m like “okay wow nice flower why are we zooming in on it”
I still remember my first time watching it.
“Oh *fuck*...”
I always loved how Walt started to eat his sandwiches the same way crazy 8 did, it was so wicked.
This was so clever. Told you all the information you needed to know, without a single line of dialogue
Walt had thought he would only cook and Jesse would handle all the messy business of dealing drugs. 

And Walt just knew going into this that he could outsmart and outwit all these stupid gang bangers.

The unspoken realization that he's dealing with absolutely ruthless people that could manipulate him so easily.

And we as the audience were right there with him.
Same, I always say to people: if you watched this ep and didn't get interested in watching the rest, then the show is probably not for you.
Yep, same here, that moment blew my mind and I immediately knew I'd end up watching the rest of the show after this moment
Watching Walt slide from being a desperate man who commits a string of terrible crimes out of desperation into a ruthless drug lord, all the way back to a pathetic husk of a man who makes one last shot at atonement is pretty incredible
Yeah then the scene after this was amazing
It looks like pac-man
Crazy
I was just thinking about this scene this morning…out of nowhere….and now I see this. I think it’s a sign that I need to break sh*t in my kitchen.
Yup! It was this very scene that got me fully hooked
The scene where Hank is in the parking lot and is almost killed by Tuco's cousins... I literally stood up and yelled "CMON HANK" when he was trying to load the gun with blood soaked hands before he got the axe treatment. When the axe hit the ground next to him I had to go get a beer.
Ever thought that in the first episode, WW would have killed himself if the gun hadn't jammed?
I fell in love with the show with the pants flying through the wind, but this is definitely one of those early moments that continued to draw me in.
That was the exact moment the moment became a moment. Very momentous moments in that show.
It looks like Fiestaware, so he might have been able to get a replacement under warranty depending on when the plate was purchased.
Breaking Bad is the best thing to ever come of the American healthcare system.
This episode is so underrated. The bonding between Walt and Krazy 8 is super tragic, and one of Walt’s biggest moral leaps that no one seems to talk about. Also, you could one trillion percent make the argument that Walt’s pattern of taking traits from people he kills started here, taking the smooth talking confidence in heavily disadvantaged situations from Krazy 8 here. And no ones talks about it! It drives me crazy (8).
“No...no no no...no no...no no no...no...no”
This is the moment that the plate became Heisenberg
This episode shook me. I had to put the show down for a while. You could tell how torn up Walter was. It’s such a contrast to the end of the show when he killed without compunction.
Perfect Vince Gilligan detail.
For me it was when walt manipulated mercury with meth.
What does this scene actually mean?
The moment Walt became Heisenberg😎
If Walt didn’t do that, the show would’ve ended there
Walter didn’t want to do it but he had no choice 😔
For me was is when Walt had s*x with Skylar 😈🍆💦 S1 E1 ("Pilot") 55:12
*Breaking plate*
I remember seeing this and was like “tf does this have to do anything...” then when I saw Walt freaking out my brain went “ohhhhhhhhhhhh........ shit.”
thi s the monemnt walter became methempetamine
This moment walter became NoCrustSandwichBurger
this post is going to get parodied to hell
Didn't understand this without looking at the comments . Guess I'll have to watch BB for the 2nd time now .
I agree!!!
I've seen the the show twice but can't remember what the significance is here. Someone care to refresh my memory?
So in the series yellow represents the criminal enterprise or the meth business.

This is Walt starting to break into the meth business.

He doesn't plan on breaking it, he does it  by accident. 

Eventually he is totally protected and surrounded by the meth business when he is in his yellow Chem-suit.
Breaking plate
Since no one else is going to post it: https://youtu.be/bBRwg5Lpfa0
In my opinion the whole Emilio and crazy 8 part was the saddest part of the show
Some many iconic scenes. They really knew how to create a cult classic tv show.
Breaking Bad is one of the best visual storytelling show in TV history
What a beautiful mess 🙏🏾 and the last shard will be the true breaking point
Mine was definitely “But you got one thing wrong.  This, is not meth”. 

BOOM
I was absolutely enthralled by the opening scene, and it just kept getting better from there!
What had taken you so long??
same for me
Yes
Bro when I break plates they never break this cleanly..
This is the moment OP became Heisenberg
The lump of meat falling through the ceiling got me hooked.
u/repostsleuthbot

Lol this is an 11 year old repost
You know what...me too! Have a great weekend.
sorry, somebody jog my memory, I haven't seen the show in a while. what was the nuance of this seen?
UGGGGH YESSSS 😭😭😭
Bravo Vince
I forgot, but did they show how they got rid of the body of the guy?
Show don’t tell
Man, this makes me wanna watch it all again
Breaking Bord
No crust please
Fantastic scene!
Yes! Same!
Bravo Vince!
Such a cool episode
had me on the edge of my seat thinking THIS MOTHERFUCKER
Bravo Vince! 👏
Idk what this scene meant
Oh my god. It must have been around the same time for me. This image gives me goosebumps is making me want to watch the entire series for the 6th time
The square and circle motifs are strong in the photo too. Rewatching this again and again and I’m
amazed of all the hidden gems
What episode was this?
SAME !!!
Omfg that part...
"the moment i let you go, are you going to stick me with that broken piece of plate?"
Can someone explain to me what? Cause it’s been like... a decade since I watched the show so I’m way out of the loop
I remember when it came back from commercial the pieces were slightly off and I was thinking, “Wow their continuity director sucks,” and then this scene came along.
This was Walt’s point of no return
YES
For me, it was "This... is not meth."  After hearing about breaking bad for years and thinking that I wasn't going to be into a show about meth dealers, I finally sat down to watch a random episode on TV.  This was the episode I watched.  Probably binged the whole first season the same night.
I just started my third rewatch, and I litteraly was watching that scene 30 minutes ago, I find it crazy how Walt was even considering letting him go. I get it though.
Also 6 pieces left;

Walt
Skylar
Walt Jr
Holly
Marie 
Jessie 

Closest ppl too him

Missing piece : Hank 

Prob a coincidence though
on my last rewatch this is when i was most engaged
Wow it's been a while since I saw the show! 

What episode is this from? 
And what scene is it?
S1 ep2 amirite?
this was good scene
When Walt still had morals
Now, try rewatching it along with better call Saul.. booyah! Lol it’s awesome shit. I’m rewatching them both 🔥
episode?
this scene screams out GENIUS
I'm still blown away by how Walt caught that when the pieces were already in the can
can someone quick recap what this means i forgot and oh boi here i am going to start all over again ahaha.
Lol how does he notice this when he throws the plate away? does t he literally throw it all in the trash, then fish it lit and put it back together?
Yep. This one kicked me in the gut. When you know that Walt knows and you know exactly what must come next...
Can someone explain the significance of this shot..? I have watched the show.
Mine was when the body fell through the bathtub and splashed on the first floor.
I don't get it.
The music. The reaction. Slow then intense. Dang. Have to watch it again
It got me when he did the pro con list of killing crazy 8
What are the chances he did that?

A lot of us, including me, dont take the time to appreciate all the things that were left to chance. For example, Walt tried blowing his brains out, but the safety was on the gun.

And then he just so happened to try and put the plate together. 

If the safety wasn't on and Walt just let him go, he'd be dead.

I'm sure there's many more I'm just not thinking of
Same! It was this moment I knew I was in for a ride with this show.
Same here, man. Same here.
Triggered. Time for a rewatch. Amazing scene
This is the scene I also refer to of when I realized I was watching an amazing show
Anyone else think they were looking at pacman?
The moment Walter knew he had to kill him.
And his acting was just special
Breaking bad was literally unwatchable for me.  "poor man performs acts of desperation and is unloved by his family" is just typical american afternoons to me and I hate documentaries.
Me Fucking Too
I love the dialogue between Walt and crazy 8. That psychological manipulation. Maybe that's when Walt really starts realizing the power of it.
The later seasons get much more praise but season 1 was really good
Now that I think about it I think that was mine too
I watched this episode today! Totally forgot about it
For someone that didn’t watch a lot of breaking bad and is scrolling through the popular page, what’s going on here? I’m so confused
I just saw this seen couple days ago for the first time and thought he was going to kill crazy8 then turn around and find the other piece
Same
YESSSSS! This is the exact same moment for me too! My favorite moment in the entire series! Finally I feel understood! 😭😭😭
Yeah this scene was great. I was like “Damn, Walt! Smart af.”
For me it was when walt throws the fake meth on the ground causing the explosion in Tuco’s layer. That’s when it got super interesting
i knew what was happening the moment he drug into the trash
I wish I could watch this show for the first time again such a good feeling watching it for the first time man
So did I but for a different reason. There's a bomb-ass piece of ambient music that plays during this scene that they only used a few times during the series.
That’s the moment I fell in love with the character of WW.
You’re so goddamn right.  That’s the moment where you know the show is going to do things you’ve never seen on another show
Moment where I fell in love was when the bathtubs caved in and krazy 8 slushy went everywhere
I haven't watch Breaking Bad at all. I'm dying to know what's Pacman role in all of this is though.
still one of the greatest scenes on TV like, ever.
The ultimate turning point for Walt. What a shot.
Forgot what this was about. Can someone remind me?
The Halloween Goats

Wait is that Walt as hector too haha
My guy Aaron lookin like a bald Harry Potter
Skyler needs a chest wax.
I love how Bryan Cranston is acting out every costum
How does Jesse look more like Jane than Jane does.
Cranston looks so into it and Aaron looks embarrassed 😂
Why does aaron look kinda good as Jane
Jesse as Walter looks almost identical to Kevin Wendel Crumb.
Walter pinkman and Jesse white
Jesse in drag looks just like jane. Wow mind blown
walt looking like r/FellowKids
Just imagine there is an episode that they act the characters like these.
I feel like every single one of these were Brian Cranstons idea.
Aaron looks hot af as a female
Cranston’s face control is amazing
Why have I never seen these before ahahahaha
Aaron Paul as Jane is somehow hotter than Aaron Paul as Jesse wow
Aaron as Jane makes me sexually confused.
Wasn't there one with those two in roach suits?
Aaron always has the best “wait is this a picture?” Face
Walter Pinkman looks like the average child molester
God damn, Jesse..I mean Aaron makes a good Jane. Like I'd be sexually confused if there was any confusion. Cranston as Skyler just put me off both sexes and all gender identities.

Swings and roundabouts, can't win 'em all.
Aaron Paul lookin like a bald kip from Napoleon Dynamite.
Aaron Paul as Jane is crazy. He makes a pretty woman haha
Cranston as Salamanca is always hilarious to look at lmao
Man Aaron Paul looks Hot AF as Jane, he looks so cute even more so than Jane herself.
I have saved the picture at the left side. I totally forgot it
I really thought that was Hector and Wendy.
You can tell how much they love Breaking Bad.
Why did they go dressed as Moby and Ali G
Aaron paul as jane feels fking weird dude
Can anyone explain the title??
3:39 they talk about Aaron Paul making a beautiful woman https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rSL-s7hn75Q&list=PLk1f1Kn--LyqpcuCbewDeKRI_Fg6WBkL_&index=27
Would smash with walter pinkman just saying
GOATS*. It's an initialism. It means Greatest of All Time. Also, I like how they had to use the chicken suit, otherwise no one would have any clue who he was trying to be.
Walter Pinkman and Jesse White don't exist. Walter Pinkman and Jesse White don't exist. Walter Pinkman and Jesse White don't exist.
Dang wish i could look like a convincing Jane the way Aaron does. Impressive.
Hahaha, Bryan as Hector has to be my favourite one so far. Seriously, he pulled that off ridiculously well.
Whoa. Aaron as Jane!
In twenty years, Aaron Paul should play Walter White in something.
It must be exhausting to be Bryan Cranston - look at the energy he puts into even a Halloween costume.
Harry Potter
Omfg
"Yo B word!"
This is great
Hey those guys look just like Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul
These pictures are just fantastic. Those two are hilarious.  They should have more cast members dressed as each other’s characters. Mayne even act out some scenes. It’d be fun. :D
This image adds 10 more years to your lifespan
Cranston in the last image just looks like an average middle aged New Mexican
Now this is fucking hilarious
It took me a minute to realize these are the same actors from the show, and Holy Crap LOL at 'Skyler'
jesse walter  is a blessed image
Walt as Hector looks like the lovechild of the Salamanca twins and Hector himself
I shouldn’t be so confident that BC is dressed as Skyler in the 2nd photo 😂
I really wanna see more of bryan wearing jesse's clothing.
Jesse on the left really look like Jesse
Zoom in, it's worth it.
Them dressed as their partners is sending meeee
Aaron Paul looks more like Walt than Bryan did in El Camino.
My man Bryan Cranston is a chameleon
Never seen the one with Skylar and Jane.  LOL Aaron Paul so good he could pay Jessica Jones.
Walt looks epic as Hector... I mean, Bryan
Janes looking pretty hot though
What a weird title...
Bald harry! bald harry!
Why does Aron look like Daniel Radcliffe in the bottom right
Bryan Cranston disguised as Walter White at Comic Con

http://i.imgur.com/i3eLl.gifv
That's so realistic its scary
Mask on, fuck it mask off
That's cool, but I still prefer the time [he and Aaron Paul cosplayed as each others' characters](https://m.imgur.com/t/funny/Xn2lGUi).
stil cant believe he played white/heisenberg. he is such a nice guy it is quite a transformation.
Isnt this from a few years ago?
That's some sexy pit sweat.
[removed]
[Someone had to do it...](http://i.imgur.com/J4Joil2.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/JpWsECN.gifv
I really like the silly things Cranston does. They're actually funny, unlike the ridiculous things Bill Murray does just because he can...

...yeah I said it.
CRaZy mAn wEArS TwO MAskS ThAt boTH LoOk LikE BryAn CrAnStOn
Arya Stark disguised as Bryan Cranston disguised as Walter White. 
I love how the outfit actually looks naturally fitting...uh Wait.
/r/2healthbars
Where can I buy a mask like that?
The man has no name. 
Looks like a DEA agent that triumphantly beheaded Heisenberg in the second pic.
Valar Morghulis
those pit stains doe
I prefer to think of it as a Walter look alike came out on stage then Bryan Cranston decapitated him and held his head aloft to send a message
god i love this showwwww!
When he's holding the mask up it looks like he just killed  Heisenberg and his holding up the head as a trophy. 
Walter white disguised as Bryan Cranston
He actually looks a lot like Walter White
A man is not Heisenberg.
That's one helluva pit stain. 
Couldn't disguise the pit stains though
it just looks like his head is a lot bigger
Downvotin this lost... OLD, AND REPOST!
These hyper realistic masks creep me out.
A man is walter white. A man cooks meth. A man worships the many faced god.
They even got the mouth open spot on
He did that for 3 years straight. Love this guy. 
damn that mask is crazy
Gnarly pit stains
That has got to be an expensive mask
Steps to microphone... JESSE WE NEED TO COOK
Am I the only one who read that as A white walker? 
Reminds me of this [Dennis Reynolds Mask](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/32/3a/86/323a86eb84fa58d74f6f3aa1507874e4.jpg) 
T H E  S W E A T
TIL Bryan Cranston was the actor who portrayed legendary hero Walter White in the documentary Breaking Bad.  
This was a couple of years ago, I think 2012? I was there that year, and he walked around the main floor with his mask on, people were taking pictures of him because, well, what a great cosplay! I saw him walking around as well. I was in Hall H when he walked out and to many surprised fans he took off the mask. I always thought that was really cool of him.
Is that the one they used in El Camino?
me, getting back on my bullshit
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6270  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/13255)
That's a damn pretty good mask.
Is that the hyperflesh mask he signed?
Again?

Oh no this is the same as last time this was posted.

Again.  
Third time this week
Who is the second guy?
Alternate title:  Bryan Cranston beheads replicant that had developed mutations 
Dude is fucking legendary because of that show. 

He literally can just walk in a room and be him and it's amazing lol. 


King 
He beheaded Walt
Dude needs some antiperspirant.
After this he took off his second mask and it was a fat Hispanic man.
That was terrifying. 
2meta4me
Sweaty pits 
how
The right picture looks like a DEA Agent holding up the head of a Drug Dealer.
Love his acting, but I hear that he's kind of a douche in real life.
Wut. Wut. Wut. Wut.

.Does.not,compute,
I expected Dio memes. I was disappointed. :(
Bryan just shedding his summer skin
He greatest cameo ever
Kind of surprised no one has posted this yet.....

Identity theft is not a joke.

1 Mississippi, 
2 Mississippi,
3 Mississippi....
Me holding the head of my ex
I was his personal security guard for this and other press events for the cast. We went to a nice restaurant for interviews, hard rock hotel  for a fan party and a tv guide yacht party in the harbor. When we were done, he put the mask on and wanted to walk the floor for a bit. He altered his voice when people asked him about it. We then walked around the main panel hall until people started to realize. Fun day working security. Did the same thimg with the walking dead cast that year

edit: some pics as proof http://imgur.com/a/JFbV9

Wasn't this like....last year or the one before? 
My turn to post this next week 
A man has no name
Holy fuck.  I want a Walter White appliance like that.  It would probably cost a small fortune, especially since I'd have to request it in silicone since I'm allergic to latex.  Which also means it'll be way heavier and won't breathe as well, but it'll look more realistic because it'll have almost the same translucency as human flesh.
r/2healthbars
If I remember correctly it was a fan who made that mask and sent it to him.
He did it again?
Got deodorant?
Have people on this sub really not seen this shit before? wtf
how many years ago was this?
Again? Didn't he do that last year or the year before?
What
Why does it look very disturbing
that boy sweating😂
Such a realistic mask
what the show was about

A show framed as a man who was underappreciated his whole life letting the thought of being respected get to his head. He gets what he wants in the end, he is remembered and feared for the heisenberg name but at the cost of his family, losing them scarring them and even getting one killed
I remember saying to my friend "I like Walt's and Jesse's relationship. Even after all that they went trough they still like and care for each other"

Then I watched the episode in which Jesse finds out that Walt poisoned Brock and everything went to shit
This is a perfect representation of Vince’s original quick-pitch of the show - “Taking Mr. Chips and turning him into Scarface.”
Walt tells you in the first episode that this is a story of transformation. Just like the chemistry, you combine combustible elements and watch them bump into each other, form entirely new elements, and the energy destroys some in the process.
So what you're saying is; growth, decay and transformation! It really is incredible
Nice, this hits the nail on the head.

Most of the memes like this that people post are dumb or annoying because people make ridiculous claims that Vince intentionally did this or that - when in reality here on Earth it is no more than a coincidence. I like this one though. It shows how much the characters change.
*Guess I got what I deserve...* 🎶
And still, in some way, you do empathize with him... even before the ending.
I loved when Jesse and Walt were a team.
Walt was himself the cancer, destroying the lives and relationships of everyone around him.
And yet again Jesse is the **only** character who doesn't do it in an evil way.

Look at all their faces. Angry. What does Jesse feel? Fear, sadness. He's the only one who true evil and vengeance doesn't get to. 

A good kid in a mad world.
>!And in the end, he died happy and feeling accomplished.!<
Really great image but maybe could've used a better right side picture for Jesse. That was when they found the ricin cig in his Roomba and he felt bad that he almost killed Walt. He was profoundly guilty and had warm feelings toward Walt in that scene. Though of course at the time he didn't know Walt planned it all; one of the many instances of him manipulating Jesse like a puppet.
Jesse is the only one in the show who broke good.
Hank saw him as a weakling, Skyler was basically just with him out of inertia, Jesse saw him as a replacement Daddy and Flynn was ultimately just a child, unable to understand how what he saw as decency was just being a pushover. It wasn’t like he had a great life before it’s just that with his new virtue of courage came the vice of hubris.
The fact that it was only Jesse who didn't actually want him dead in the end.
I hate him for handing Jesse over & I can’t watch the scenes where Jesse is chained up...my BF & I love the series & have watched it many times over but I just can’t watch the scenes...especially the one where Jesse is visioning himself as a carpenter..then he snaps back to being chained up ☹️☹️
To be fair, Walter Jr. did say "why don't you just die already?" in like Episode 4 of Season 1

Great post though. I like the juxtaposition.
The study of change
His drug empire costed him his whole family 
Noticed how at the last season walt was fearless? Each season pass and he became darker till the end where he fully joined the dark side
Greatest character arc of all time
And despite how many people he hurt and how much of an asshole he became, a little piece do you is still rooting for him at the end. Such a great character. Great show and great writing.
Bruh, that’s heavy.
The shamalayn twist. Mr. White was the cancer the whole time.
I'm re-watching now and just saw the scene where Walt asks Jessie to meet him in the square and Jesse gets a bad feeling and bails. What do you think Walt was going to say/do? Seems like he really just wanted him to skip town and wasn't looking to harm him.
You either die a loser or live hard enough to make yourself a God. -Walt's head probably.
Forgot the part where pinkman gets his ass kicked the entire series.
And even after the third rewatch he’s still the only character I always want to see win.
The thing I can really appreciate is how Walt came to terms with his errors. He totally fucked up but managed to come full circle
W-w-w-wh-y-y d-d-dont y-y-yo-u j-j-just di-I-I-e al-r-r-ead-d-dy : Mr.White's son
Walt deserves better 😌
I'm crying man fuck
All justified
Such an emotional roller coaster
this is unironically my favorite post on reddit
You either die as a nobody, or you live long enough to see yourself become a meth drug lord.
Repost from a post a few days ago.  Don’t be fooled
Skylar wanted the cancer to come back and when El Camino released she got her wish
Time for another rewatch
Fuck u Jessie lil bitch
I normally hate memes like this but this is good
😞
It might be time for another rewatch
Yoooo
YES
This broke my heart.
What other shows do this?
Remember My Name
Holy hell what feels
It was all about change
Someone please remind me -

Who the fuck Brock and Gayle are and is El Camino a different show or a specific episode? I feel like El Camino is an episode but it’s being talked about like it’s a whole ass different show.
Yeah... r/4panelcringe
This guy gets it
Short description

Nobody  hates you more than I do
Nobody loves you more than I do
Conditional love at it's finest.
Walt ruining his own life.
Incredible! Just started watching the show with my girlfriend and I can't wait to see her reactions to each of these character developments. A truly great show.
the big sad
https://youtu.be/ZMM8r5Sl7T8
Hence my sarcasm...love the show but Vince didn't create the universe we live in or 90% of the things the stupid fans try to connect with imaginary thread. Half of the shit these dweebs give him so much credit for, he didn't even notice happened/sure as shit didn't plan. Like the "Skyler shadow" where it BARELY, sort of looks like she's in a noose. It's WAY reaching and 100% not planned. It's just a shadow...for real
An oxymoron at best. 200 lbs a week... got it?
It's amazing how Walter transformed. The scene after the robbery and the kid... Jesse goes back for something and overheard Walter whistling because he thought Jesse was gone.
That chilled me.
Just after the " smartest guy I know, but," scene.
Its about Walt's repressed ego and covert narcissism slowly expressing itself in more obvious ways. He snaps to take control, and once he has any control he burns himself to the ground, along with everyone around him. 

It's about his self deception and denial of what he truly wants, and then ultimately accepting that he really just wanted to feel revered for his intelligence.

He lies to himself and others that he is a family man, who does everything for them, but that is just another lie to make himself feel morally righteous and boost his ego.  Meanwhile he slowly tears his family to shreds, until they ultimately think of him as a monster, and he finally admits that the only reason he did it all, was for himself.  

It's a story about a mans self grandiosity and ego burning him to the ground in efforts to gain power and respect.
"Change... The Study of Change"
The show is... amazing. My man went from the nicest guy to the devil himself. Real good writing.
Walt jr said that loads of times
Ye
you can have the same quote from walter jr on the left as the one on the right
Jesse is not innocent he turned rat and tried to take Walt's money. Hank and Jesse would be alive is Jesse had not turned.

Rats deserve the worst treatment.

Don't be fooled into the 'oh poor Jesse' camp.
And people say game of thrones was inconsistent
To spread bipolar disorder awareness?
Jesse's a RAT
