RIP Professor Bauer 🙏

Bless the rains down in Africa, Betty!
"My name is Professor June Bauer, and this semester I will guide you to the threshold of your humanity where you will lock eyes with the shrieking, blood-drenched, sister-raping beasts from which we sprang. 

"You will also have to make a diorama."
Troy and Abed are in mourning…
Are you for real, Betty white really died?
[She was such a treasure ](https://youtu.be/n6W-nE_U_IQ)

May she rest in peace
What a bad way to end the year.

"That is why you fail!"
Damn, two Community professors die in one year sucks. R.I.P GOAT. The last of the Golden Girls died this is so sad.
MY EMOTIONS!!!
Few weeks before her birthday too
Loved her cameos in the show. She was amazing as always. RIP
*sob sings* “I BLESS THE RAAAINS DOWN IN AAAAAFRICAAAAAAA”
Her passing is a real shame, but on the bright side, more of my own urine for me
Wow 2021. You suck.
[removed]
Thank you for being a friend
"I'm going to use this to attack you and you use respect to defend yourself" followed by the flying axe narrowly missing Jeff is one of the best moments from a one-off character in the show. 

Rest in peace, Betty
Death saw this article and was reminded of that thing they were supposed to do but had been putting off.
https://people.com/tv/betty-white-reveals-her-secrets-to-long-happy-life-at-100-exclusive/
Come ON. It appears to be real this time. I was hoping that this was another fake Betty White thing since that’s been since 2013, but nooooo. 2021 had to just sneak one last one in there before it fucked off.
**NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO**
Damn... You know for sure the year sucked when even immortals die. Bless her.
Can’t believe I found out about this from a Reddit post, no offense OP. This is a fucking tragedy.
Oh, come on :-(((
Shit cherry on top of the shit cake that was this year.

Rest in peace, legend!!
Damn, so close to 100. What a shame.
I *loved* her part on Community, laughed so hard when she beat Jeff's ass lol. Also the "more of my own urine for me", then just tops it off with the awesome singing at the end with Gambino. RIP to the legend, Betty White.
This news made me so sad.  Two weeks to 100 and seemed to be healthy and going strong.  RIP Miss White and say hello to Richard Erdman and Michael K. Williams.   Troy and Abed are in mourning.  :-(
At 99 with a healthy and clear mind, she died in her sleep.

Pretty much as good as you can get it.
This is how I found out 2021 sucked for real. Desmond Tutu, John Madden, now Betty White.
Damn it
Excuse me WHAT
Damn I loved her since I was a child. Was so looking forward to her birthday … 

RIP Betty.
Just saw the news alert myself, absolutely gutted 😭 I recently started a rewatch of the show and laughed so much at Professor Bauer 😩🥺 She had a solid 99 years, and she will be missed ❤️
Tonight lets all raise a glass of our own urine to Betty! 🍸
And this is the post that I found out with
Well, more of my urine for me
This ensaddens me
Further proof that 2021 can eat a gaggle of assholes. The year had to give us one more dick punch.
Jeff should be so lucky to have her urine thrown in his face. 

Rip
Troy, Abed, and Betty  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6W-nE\_U\_IQ
Man I’m gutted to hear this…what a crappy end to the year.
Rest in peace, very talented and funny. She will be missed. ♥️
What the FUCK
Rip betty
Randomly caught this episode yesterday. :'(
Betty White’s death, one last coffin nail in 2021. You were a legend, girl.
This is my favourite scene of hers from the show. [“I’m going to attack you, and you use respect to defend yourself.”](https://youtu.be/_h81HESbEmI)

RIP
Really weird, I watched that episode last night after not watching community for a while… RIP
Rest in peace 🙏 What great memories she left for us. Not just Community but with everything she has done...
This was unexpected to me. I guess that’s why I fail
Betty White is immortal though she gotta be hiding somewhere
"I'm going to attack you with this weapon, and I want you to use respect to defend yourself"
Died too young
She's a humble outsider who came in and nailed it
I never got to tell her "I respect you". 😢😭
This shit ruined my New Years Eve man…
Noooooooo.
Fuuuuck
Damn... RIP 😔 we lost and OG today...
RIP legend. She had one episode and yet she probably has my favorite scene in the whole show.
😔🪦RIP to my favorite Golden Girl
RIP. I dunno what this means as a start to 2022 but I am a little sadder.
Star light, star bright

Gonna name you Betty White tonight.
"I didn't realize there was something great in front of us the whole time: an old woman drinking her own pee."
Thank you for being a friend
Traveled down a road and back again
Your heart is true, you're a pal and a confidant

I'm not ashamed to say
I hope it always will stay this way
My hat is off, won't you stand up and take a bow

And if you threw a party
Invited everyone you knew
Well, you would see the biggest gift would be from me
And the card attached would say

Thank you for being a friend
Thank you for being a friend
Thank you for being a friend
Thank you for being a friend

If it's a car you lack
I'd surely buy you a Cadillac
Whatever you need, any time of the day or night

I'm not ashamed to say
I hope it always will stay this way
My hat is off, won't you stand up and take a bow

And when we both get older
With walking canes and hair of gray
Have no fear, even though it's hard to hear
I will stand real close and say

Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)

Let me tell you 'bout a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)

And when we die and float away
Into the night, the Milky Way
You'll hear me call as we ascend
I'll see you there, then once again

Thank you for being a

Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend
People, let me tell you 'bout a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you)
Thank you for being a friend

Whoa, tell you 'bout a friend (let me thank you right now for being a friend)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna tell you 'bout a pal and I'll tell you again)
Thank you for being a friend (I wanna thank you, thank you)
Thank you for being a friend
Betty white was on Community in 2010 which means she was 88. When you think about that that’s actually pretty insane. She had so much charisma even in old age.
She’s on administrative leave with pay in the sky
I saw this episode last night and the scene as she attached Jeff had me in stitches of laughter.

RIP
What the fuck, I saw a post about her on this sub yesterday and so I was surprised she was still alive so I googled her age. Next day she dies.
I started rewatching Community about a week ago and I just got to Season 2 today after hearing this.

"I didn't realise there was something great in front of us the whole time - an old woman drinking her own pee."
I cannot believe I just found out Betty White is gone through a Community subreddit where she only cameo’d. Sad, sad day
🎶 I BLESS THE RAINS DOOOOOOWN IN AAAAAFRICAAAAAAAA
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I just had this convo and came here right after 

I knew you guys would [understand ](https://imgur.com/a/MdpVxH0)
Goddamn 2021 taking absolutely no prisoners.

RIP, Betty.
I blame u/lit289
RIP Betty 😔. A couple of days ago some website had her listed as one of the celebrities that passed away this year. I stopped reading  it since it wasn't true.
My all time favorite cameo on that show. Rip
Such a shame. Still, 99 ain't bad!
The greatest thing before (and after) sliced bread
More of my urine for me

😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I’m just sitting here liking every single comment. I just can’t. 

My last Golden girl died. 

Thank you for being my friend
After seeing this news, just rewatched that episode again.
This sub has a solid fan base. I’ll give us that.
She was so good in this role.
Here lies June Bauer. Grandmother of Jack Bauer. She was too overpowered, which is why she never appeared in 24.
Isn’t Betty White dying like a sign of the apocalypse?
I respect you!
“I respect you.”
This was how I found out Betty White died. 

What a treasure. True OG. I bet her last act was making a mix CD with some essential life wisdom, followed by a dope ass track playing herself out.
Just watched this episode yesterday, it's gonna hit different next time around. :(
F
Somewhere, Betty White is explaining inception to angel.
😔
by far one of the best episodes
Watching community for the first time and watched this epesode the day after news came out that she had passed.  RIP Betty ❤
Anyone else reading these lines in betty whites voice or is it just me?
“ I respect you “

“ That’s why you fail! “
RIP BETTY!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
2021 sucks until the very end.
HA! GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
Truly the darkest timeline
Noooooooooooooooooo
🎵 i will remember you…🎵
Rip
Well…this wasn’t how I expected to learn Betty White passed away
Funny, tough, sweet. Totally lovable. The complete package. AND, a babe when she was younger!
RIP!
What a legend.
These 12 tools are a more efficient killing machine than your respect (s). But go ahead and show me how it that would work.
More of my own urine for me!

Rip betty
Rip o7
😭😭😭
THIS POST IS HOW I FOUND OUT
Betty White nooo RIP
RIP Really wish she had made it to 100. May The Golden Girls live on forever.
I miss Betty she was like my mom but magical and funny. The only problem is I never met her.
The movie keeps getting worse
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Legend and so sad.
This should have come with a Spoiler Alert. Nooooo! Betty White is gone?
Good buy Betty
All that’s gold is gone
Rest In Peace
Just watched this last night
Just watched this episode yesterday 😞
😭😭😭
“Why are you talking in English?” Because he hasn’t seen it yet!” She did so good in her spots
Enjoy the afterlife in St. Olauf
This is how I find out Betty White has passed?
I. RESPECT. YOU.
rip bozo
(its a joke, i have a dark sense of humour)
Literally just watched this episode yesterday 😞
Let’s see your “friendship” protect you from a weapon.
The video…

https://youtu.be/n6W-nE_U_IQ
I just got what the Maku Maku call "heartbroken"
WHAT!?!!  
well if any derserves a hologram
Might’ve been of an oppressor missile… RIP.
You wouldn’t like it, RIP banks.
I totally forgot who Betty White was until I saw this episode last week lmao
damn another dead community guest star this year :((
Rewatching the series for like the 20th time. This episode came on and my husband told me about her passing. So sad. It's inconceivable to  think of living in a world without her.... RIP
Put this in for the first episode of the new year
Yes
F in chat
"More of my own urine for me."
She’s drinking her own pee in heaven now
Betty White was in Joel McHale's Christmas card, back around season 2

https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/betty-white-ended-joel-mchales-003520320.html
What a loss, her brief time on the show always left such a huge impression.
LMK
Lmk
Rest In Peace
What a shitty way to inform people she died. All for stupid useless karma.
Cringetopia
Fun fact: she has nudes that you can search on google
This post about how the cast of Community would react to COVID is absolutely perfect

All of them are great but the Troy one is so fucking accurate I can see the scene in my mind.
how did i just watch the whole episode in my head
Changtedote 😂
Jeff is angry that he still has to work as a professor and can't just get a free vacation, as Dean informs him that as school staff he's "deaned" an essential employee. Craig also wants zoom meetings which are just thinly veiled excuses to hang out with Jeff in Quarantine.

Abed is slowly going mad at the selection of films and tv shows because they all are either being delayed, or look off in the absence of a set being filmed with a green screen, so him and Troy start doing Troy and Abed "at home" as a way to pass the time. The zoom meeting they're using for filming accidentally gets leaked to the public and they get a real audience.
Duncan: Is drunk the entire time
[Credit](https://raven-reconciling.tumblr.com/post/613904801303019520/im-seeing-a-lot-of-how-x-characters-would). This post is from earlier in the year (March) but I couldn't find it again until now and had to share!
This could almost be used as a Very Special Pandemic Special.
I think that when the Dean realizes he's violating social distance guidelines he starts loudly panicking and everyone in the audience chaotically scatters out screaming, while the Dean yells for Jeff's help. Leonard probably tries to turn it into a riot.
[deleted]
#Garrett in a hamster bubble
Now I need to know what frankie and elroy would do.

Hickie would emerge from his shelter and everyone would be like "you had the right idea" and he's be like "right idea about what?"
Britta: googles CDC. Ends up on "Colorado Denies Covid"
Someone send this to the Darkest Timeline Podcast.
Pierce keeps yelling at Chang blaming “his people” for bringing the virus to America, that he eventually starts calling it the “Chang virus”
Cool, cool, cool.
One addition would be Garrett: CRISIS ALERT!
Hickey: "I've lived through pandemics before... Pandemics from rats, Spaniards... Bats this time? *hmph*. Now if you'll excuse me I'll be in my bunker with more than enough MREs. Let me know what you have to barter _before_ trying to visit me. I won't be negotiating with your germs all across my bunker entrance."  
  
Annie mouths silently: _How old is he...?_  
  
_Britta shrugs_

Frankie: "So I've compiled a list of everything we can do as the Keep Greendale Saved Again committee, split up by tasks that can be done individually. I know that these are trying times, but if we each do our part I believe we can reduce the risk of this student body spreading and hopefully reopen by next year."  
  
Elroy: "As much as I'd love to stick around and make Greendale sick again,  I'll be returning to my RV. And after analysis, the optimal amount of people to stay in my RV during this pandemic is three nodes. Three people for maximum social interaction while reducing risk from entering and leaving. So I can take two of you into quarantine with me. And I have decided to pick Troy and Shirley..."  
  
Shirley: "Why?! Because we're black? You don't even know us yet! This is our first time at the table together"
  
Elroy: "No! Not because you're black. I didn't even notice that. It's because you're both religious and easily persuaded in crises."  
  
Shirley: "Excuse me?!"

Elroy: "Zealots during the apocalypse? They'll always listen to the voice of God"  
   
Abed: "So what makes you think they'll listen to _you?_"   
  
Elroy: "Because *_I AM the voice of God_*" 
  
_Troy's eyes widen in awe_  
  
-----  
Had to show some love for my S5/6 crew
The group learns about the virus from a crisis alert by a very sweaty and upset Garret.

Starburns tries to sell "cures" to his fellow students, which are just some shady needles he found in a dumpster.

Magnitude catches covid immediately due to excessive partying.

Leonard brazenly disrespects all the restrictions, and continues to blow raspberries on anyone who tells him to mask up. He also posts a very untimely review for corona beer on his youtube channel. Definitely a buy.
Only thing this missed is Britta being very serious about everyone else following protocols that she doesn't herself follow
Incredibly accurate
Do Starburns next.
"Oh no! I called an assembly when we should have been Quaran-Deaning ourselves!"

Dean Pelton
This post makes me wish there was a sub like r/redditwritesseinfield but for community
This is hilarious! I feel like it was actually written by a writer on the show or something. I hope Dan Harmon sees it.
"Shut up leonard, we were all already socially distancing from you and your defective adult diapers before this pandemic"
We need more posts like this... it was like watching an entire episode in my head.
Troy: OOH No No Juice
Abed reacts poorly to quarantining because “it’s basically an entire season of bottle episodes”
The most accurate thing I've ever seen on the internet
There would also for sure be an episode centered around the COVID guidlines at Greendale forbidding gatherings of more than 6 people, forcing the study group to choose who to exile. Meanwhile, both the Dean and Chang try to break off multiple people so they can be in the group's bubble.
Well Greendale does have WiFi and I actually think Jeff would use the virus to get out of...everything.
No one is getting an 'All 5 Dances' shirt anytime soon. Dean Pelton in quarantine must be his form of hell.
Why does Chang saying that thing about bat blood sound so familiar?
Pierce would 100% call it the Shanghai Shivers.
This is accurate AF
Shirley would also bake an outrageous amount of bread
"Changtedote" lmao that got me
The dean & Chang have me howling
🎯
Aw this had me chuckle good. That Chang obviously was already mixing his blood with bats just makes perfect sense.
Spot on!   You are streets ahead!
I wanted to make a meme (but too lazy so I'll ruin the joke by writing about it) using the scene after Starburns died where Jeff is saying death is a natural part of life and everyone needs to move on, then loses it when the dean says they have to take summer classes.

In my case, I was saying some people need to get over the bar/restaurant restrictions because it'll be over soon enough, then I realized I won't be having a huge 30th birthday party (this weekend) and having a breakdown like Jeff.
Garrett: CRISIS ALERT!!!

This was so good...thank you.
[deleted]
Hey, i don't want to sound so mushy but thanks for this. My life has been falling apart lately and I really needed a laugh today of all days. Decided to rewatch the whole series!
The only thing I feel is missing under Dean’s situation is that he 100% would plan a “Social Deanstancing” dance
Damn, this makes me miss Community sooooo much...I would totally love to watch this episode.
I feel like we need to work Pedro Pascal in somehow. Maybe he can be a figment of Abed's imagination when lockdown starts to get to him.
Leonard and the olds: die.
The only thing this is missing is the Dean wearing a Corona costume.
Pierce would be confused about the virus until people say that its worse for older people and thats when he will actively try to hang with people maskless and not distancing because hes definitely not old.
i kinda feel like Pierce would also go around and tell others that he doesn't believe in corona and/or he's immune due to him being a level 5 laser lotus but fanatically accuse anyone who even remotely coughs of having Covid. Also i could imagine him buying expensive oxygen tanks to be save and not breathe in any of the (and i quote) "gay china air".
This is accurate. 

Very very accurate
Did Dan Harmon make this?
The changtedote. Omg.
I don't think it's a given that Greendale would handle Covid-19 poorly. After all, they are probably the most experienced institution in using telepresence robots (iPads on wheels) to not just provide an education, but a complete college experience.
I will give them 10 bucks for just the voice acting of this episode
🤣 this could be the movie! #sixseasonsandamovie
I know all the other comments have said it but I'll say it again, holy shit that's accurate
I’ve seen so many of this type of post about all sorts of shows, but this is by far the most accurate
For what movie Abed would reference on that episode, It would have to be 12 Monkeys. If you haven’t seen that movie go ahead, it’s a masterpiece in my opinion, and is more topical than ever.
If Community started in 2019 instead of 2009.
I feel like the dean would put flyers up, the study group will be reading them around the table (distanced) and Dean would come in wearing a ladies hazmat suit and snatch the flyers out of their hands while saying “the assembly has been dean-layed”
Holy crap that is all perfectly on point! Love it. Good job.
I love this so much, I could see this as an episode
Haven’t had a good laugh in a while. This was funny!
I can see this playing beautifully in my brain.
Is this just good writing, or are the Community characters easily generalized?
Anyone know if Dan Harmon or any of the cast got to see this? I want this content.
Sounds so accurate so so in character. I would so watch this as a movie.
Dean: "The coronavirus pandemic is a very serious time for all of us. Greendale has been through many tough times, and none of us can defeat this virus alone.

However, I wish you luck!

Wait, there was more to this speech. There was another card here. Could everyone check around their immediate area?"
To add, Troy and Pierce are afraid of Chang, cause he might spread the virus to them.
They should make a corona special episode
If you listen to the episode of the Darkest Timeline Podcast with the whole cast, the actors talk about what each of their characters would be doing.
Pierce: “two dudes, chilling in the pool, six feet apart cuz they ARE gay!”
Producers seeking movie rights: "It's a buy"
I think Abed will also provide profound and insightful information regarding people's behavior as he relates them to film. But I think he'll also be the most logical and well prepared because of it.
I also think Annie will have to be in conflict with Jeff since their views directly oppose each other, and then they come to some kind of resolution when professor Duncan is in the hospital with covid.
Just needs a title.  Intro to Epidemiology?
But what would evil Abed and evil Troy say?
It's steadily got more accurate until we get to Troy Chang and the dean, because I'm a hundred percent convinced that's exactly what would happen
My beloved daddy passed away today and I’ve been mindlessly scrolling through subs. I just lost myself in this perfect, clever, silly post. Thank you.
Tbh the best way to react
"Annie, if everyone else's wearing a mask, I don't have to wear a mask. And with a face like mine... You're welcome. "
/r/redditwritescommunity
"I just popped by to tell my favorite study group about the new pandemic covid-nine-DEAN!"
Only complaint is the WiFi part. Whole episode in season 6 about that
Dan?
Six seasons and a movie.

THIS IS THE MOVIE.
This needs to be the movie special. PLEASE
Why is this so perfect!
I thought this was pretty lame until the end.  The whole Dean scenario is gold.
Starburns sells fake vaccines lol
I literally read Chang's one in Ken Jeong's voice and just for leaving that level of impression that man deserves 3 Oscars, dammit.
Don't forget about Starburns, now that everyone is wearing masks, no one can see his sideburns so they all call him Alex.
omg on point!!!
I can literally see the episode unfolding in my head. This is spot on!!!
This is the movie.
This is perfect. Did Dan Harmon write this?
Spot on and hilarious!!
THIS IS GOLD 😂😂
This is so perfect, I could imagine the whole episode in my head as I was reading along and it just gets every character right down to a tee
I wasn't expecting something this good when I clicked on it.
Pierce: dead
Perfection!
I NEED THIS TO HAPPEN! Who do we have to throw money at to make this happen?!
This is pretty damn convincing haha.
I am all of these people
Why is this so accurate???
Literally perfect, I’m astounded. Put this person on the #movie
Omg YES
Perfect, indeed.
"Absolutely perfect" is an absolutely perfect description of that.
I feel like I just watched a brand new episode reading that, thanks very much.
Lmao 🤣
This is on another level. I’m never serious, but I will be when I say this is spot fucking on!
What're you doing on Tumblr, Dan Harmon?
Chang and Dean Pelton are perfection.
This is incredibly accurate....I miss this show!
You couldn’t STOP Craig Pelton from throwing a Corona Dance. Throw together a fruit hat with a kimono. All bases covered.
Dean would have a corona dance. 

 Chang: Covid-19 can't go through doors. It's not ghosts, stupid. 

everything else is dead accurate
This is the best and most accurate thing I’ve ever read.
Just brilliant
Star-Burns: Dies, but actually.
The chang one is spot on
Duncan: gets covid
This is really impressive. So accurate
This is Streets Ahead! Bravo!
This is really friggin' good.
If you don't have two fists full of Puppers, you are too humble my friend...
This is honestly so perfect. Still waiting for the movie...
How is this so perfect
Wow. Did you write for community?  Im asking seriously. This is perfect all around, especially Troy and Chang.
Either you're an Abed level community fan or you're one of the shows former writers because this perfectly captures the characters and show progression!!  Bravo.
I want to watch this so fucking badly.
I don't like the idea of covid themed TV episodes and stuff, but can this be the concept for the movie we're waiting for
What would starburns do?
I want this episode!
Pelton would have dressed as Bat Woman walking around telling everyone to wear a mask, while wearing a mask with the school seal on it.
This is good
I think they just wrote the script for the movie. #SixSeasonsAndAMovie
Spot on.
the dean one got me
Lol this is fantastic. If you wrote it out as a script, I would read it voraciously
Goddamn, this is the most on point thing in the history of things being on point.
There's a subreddit somewhere where people post entire Seinfeld episode outlines with modern premises and now I badly want one for Community
Holy crap this is so right...I could see them all play out.
Why is this so accurate lol. I guess the characters were so well done on the show it's actually believable this would be the case.
Well done!!
Wow, that was totally streets ahead.
I imagine Starburns being the anti-masker.
spot on 👍
Leanord dies. Nobody cares.
Dean’s section made me laugh out loud. I guess i was expecting a sexy hazmat suit.
Dean Pelton would keep talking about “COVID nine-dean” and telling people they need to “quaran-dean”
This is perfect.
She’s ready for the writer’s room
10/10
This was perfect
I can't wait until post pandemic so we can safely have shows where someone does something dumb like hold a corona assembly
But I would like to know the Dean's outfit for announcing caronavirus to the group
I wonder how magnitude would respond?
Hello Mr Kirkman
I was hoping for a

>Pierce: Just dies

punchline at the end.
we need this now
Did Dan Harrmon write this?
Spot on 😂
Holy shit this could be the MOVIE!!!
This was so well thought out!
This is wrinkling my brain
This is... Perfect.
I could so see Chang mixing his blood with bat's blood to try to become immune
Sometimes I wish hbomax would pickup community for another season for this alone sigh...
🎶 I CAN'T F-I-I-I-ND THE REASONS I SHOULD STAY 🎶
I need to know what the dean is dressed up as though
You've struck gold with "Changtidote"
The only thing I disagree with is Abed. As he would clearly be changing outfits every time we saw him to match what he perceived to be the most accurate depiction of virus-film attire. Including taking on the character’s personas. Such as going from Rick Grimes to Frank West.
Dean Pelton would inexplicably throw a dance.
Did anybody else read the descriptions in the voices of the characters?

Changcine.
You’re streets ahead but I think that if Jeff’s skin care regimen is halted that he would be more inclined to adopt the mask in order to cover up his ‘flawed’ skin
Greendale does have WiFi. There was an entire episode about how the WiFi was down because a bird was nesting in the router. Frankie tried contacting the IT girl but The e-mails got bounced back in Aramaic, and when she called, all she got was a weird tone that made her nose bleed.
Omg, that episode played in my head. And the subtle joke about chang causing covid is the kind of subtle hilarity I love the show for
The darkest timeline
How TF did they not include Starburns?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
"Welcome to... Ladders!!!"
This couldnt be more accurate.
Yeah peirce is gonna blame chang for making the china virus
If this was the movie, it might actually turn out well :)
Damn this really is spot on haha
Magnitude "pops", Vicki dies, Garrett becomes normal and Lennard blows raspberries...
This is it, the most accurate post ever 👌
Leonard is the first to get the virus and he coughs all over everyone causing a super-spread. Weirdly enough, he doesn't die, but it looks pretty sketch for a moment. 

Either that or he thinks he has covid (it winds up being leakage from some weird gland in his throat that makes him cough) and he tells the study group, so they seal him up in a room and deliberate whether they tell the school they were exposed or not and have an existential crisis about it.
I love this. Perfection
Well done!
oh my god i legit just envisioned each character doing it
This is perfection 👌
In the”B” story Troy has possible contact with a corona carrier (likely by being silly) and must quarantine. Abed is fighting to find ways to still spend time with other half from a distance finally giving up and deciding to risk it together.
Perfect.
Could we also get a scene in where Troy and Abed do their handshake from a distance?
This is deantastic work!
Shirley would *not* sew personalized masks.

They would all say "Jesus is Lord" and be made of purple velvet with gold piping. They also wouldn't fit around the nose just right and would cause the dean's glasses to continually stay fogged up.
Starburns would be one of those people who doesn't cover their nose with their mask.
This so accurate its scary
Starburns has to have custom mask made so he doesn't have to shave
MAKE A MOVIE OUT OF THIS! #sixsessonsandamovie
I need to know which outfits the dean will be wearing. And which puns hell be using. Thanks
Holy shit the changtedote made me cackle
This is great, however, question for the community. Wouldn’t Piece’s wipe business being doing well and he would become suddenly and significantly wealth(y|ier)?
Cut to Magnitude, offering a very solemn and introspective, "Pop, pop."
 Britta was never irrational about scientific stuff.  She is a feminist, not antivaxxer.    

rest of the cast was on point. 

I think, she'd just protest against protestors protesting against mask-policy... on social media.
Jeff in stumbling late into the assembly where he sees everyone booing the Dean and Annie on stage: “DEAN WERE SUPPOSED TO BE SOCIAL DISTANCING!”

Dean, crying: “I KNOW! I KNOW!! IM SORRY I JUST. WE SPENT THE BUDGET AND I PANICKED! ”

Britta: “I can’t believe Dean Pelton is going to actually get us all killed”

Abed, staring into the distance and puts a finger up: “Actually, maybe not. I have a crazy idea” *walks away*

Shirley, waving hands around: “Nuh Uh! I ain’t about to let some stupid virus keep me home from my babies during thanksgiving, the lord is going to protect me!” *walks away*

Troy, watching Pierce in the distance as he goes from laughing in slow motion at the Dean to coughing uncontrollably and he starts to panic: “Abed? Abed?! Wait for me! I don’t want to die next to Pierce!”

Cut to Chang in a fever induced, sweaty hallucination in the study room staring at a chalk drawing of a bad and him laughing and rocking back and forth.
*Shirley voice* "That's nice!!!"
I wonder what Magnitude would say 😂
How did you make me visualize this so vividly?
That is amazing, well done OP
This picture of Danny Pudi and Alison Brie at a Donald Glover show made me smile so wide

Danny looks like a cool dad.
It's so cool they're all good friends in real life, too.
That Donald Glover, if he sticks at he’ll really go places.
[removed]
I see the best rapper is there, along with Danny and Donald.
[deleted]
I love this picture. I love how Donald looks like he has a team of interns trying to understand his lyrics on their Nike laptops and Allison and Danny just photobombed his album cover. Donald totally looks like Troy in this picture. Love you too, Donald!
I think this is the photo Danny referred to in his darkest timeline episode when talking about the Mardi Gras trip - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQK5ITp8LQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORQK5ITp8LQ) (mentions it at 1:34:07)
Danny: “Am I krumping?”
here's to hoping they finally pull off that f**n' movie!
“You guys never let me rap with you”...
TROY AND ABED PERFORMING REEEEDBONE
I love this picture.  Here’s two people supporting their friend and not first filtering it through how it might affect them.  The world will try to tear you down, find friends like these two, friends who build you up and are genuinely happy for your successes.
Danny is a newsie cap is so perfect
Credits to u/Yanai0007 original post on r/pics
That's not Donald Glover, that's Childish Gambino
Is Alison Brie ever not sexy?
Glover's, "I Am Just A Rapper" tape is so goddamn good. Highly recommend for any fans of Gambino.

https://m.soundcloud.com/forever-childish2/sets/i-am-just-a-rapper-1
Not a lot of people know this about Allison Brie, but she is very attractive.

Also if Alison Brie married Bree Larsen her name could be Alison Larson
Don’t eat the crab dip ye yeee
I want to have this photos baby.
Troy "Butt Soup" Barnes just killing it!
reminds me of this classic  [https://imgur.com/qbaQoDO](https://imgur.com/qbaQoDO)
Alison looks like she's on something them eyes
They all seem pretty cool but Allison in particular seems like she'd be a blast
Damn Glover is a bulldogs fan, poor guy
Holy hell those pupils.
There's nothing sadder than "There's a text group?" from that script read. Change my mind.
I can't belie Donald Glover and Childish Gambino know each other. That's crazy.
I wan the lights turned on show me how you move it...
This a Donald Glover show or a party where Donald Glover got on the mic?
Why am I so attracted to Danny Pudi? Lol
Childish gambino* show
Wow the crowd at that show is more mixed than Rashida Jones.
Is that Mike Stoklasa on the right?
But did he do the keg flip tho?
😬
Damn
Just posted that on r/pics
pupils like saucers lol
donald glover, no relation
Cool. coolcoolcool.
Looks like a repost. I've seen this image 1 time. 

First seen [Here](https://redd.it/dvhmzw) on 2019-11-12 92.19% match. 

**Searched Images:** 129,250,458 | **Indexed Posts:** 533,760,807 | **Search Time:** 2.05995s 

*Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [ [False Positive](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RepostSleuthBot&subject=False%20Positive&message={"post_id": "hklgp3", "meme_template": null}) ]*
Is this the same party where she fell into the lamp?
When was this picture taken?
I love Donald Glovers UGA shirt
I've never seen anyone look that much like a bird
Annie, Alison is the best!
They're the real troy and abed. There's many videos of them geeking together in or out the set of community.
I always thought Donald Glover would make it in the music world, someday maybe
This is just a photo of the study group at the Juneteenth dance
Dong Lover is dope.
This dude has to be because...well...heart attacks
This story made me smile. Thank you!!!!
Where is Fauxby?
This kid singlehandedly saved the entire world this season
Wow I have been made aware of it
She is the hottest chick there also did he let Danny rap?
All I heard was suck.
i can just hear Glover banging out Retro.
That’s not Donald glover it’s childish gambino
The fact that they’re all friends in real life makes me so incredibly happy
Kinda looks like these creepy pictures in Final Destination, where they get clues who is gonna die and how.
Does the guy next to Donald have an LA Gear shirt on? I remember that logo from my childhood.
And they did it so much.
That's what good homies do, you go out and support your friends
I love the thought of Donald reluctantly showing them his Childish Gambino music and them all instantly loving it and him being like "It's cool I guess". Alison and Danny are probably his biggest fans
Might be it was a mug of beans.
She looks so much like Emmy Rossum here.
The devil dean has me dying
Danny is atleast 35 in this pic and he's still kicking it
Omg that’s Childish Gambino!
Donald Glover? Where is he? I only see Childish Gambino.
Looks like a repost. I've seen this image 1 time. 

First seen [Here](https://redd.it/dvhmzw) on 2019-11-12 92.19% match. 

**Searched Images:** 129,315,115 | **Indexed Posts:** 533,902,643 | **Search Time:** 1.90045s 

*Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [ [False Positive](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RepostSleuthBot&subject=False%20Positive&message={"post_id": "hklgp3", "meme_template": null}) ]*
My favorite line from the entire show.
From the great country of Georgia.
Danny Pudi and Allison Brie should have a variety show with them just doing odd things with former cast mates and stars
When Donald just started out as Childish Gambino, the study group cats would regularly crash/attend the shows. I remember a concert in Brooklyn back when the show was still airing where halfway through I realize that the guy filming from the crowd was Joel McHale. Allison Brie also showed up on stage. I waited for a while after the show ended and got a picture with her, but sadly didn't get to say hi to Joel--he had ended up a bar up the street and I was under 21 back then.
I looked at the picture before I read the title and thought “who’s the hot girl next to Dani Pudi?”
You know how sometimes when you are at work and your colleagues won’t get the hell out of your office and just let you work god damn it!
repost from a couple of months ago?
Troy And Abed in the Midnight  ft Annie
I was just saying to my wife, Alison has changed so much from her community days.
I live how aggressively white she is
Cool, cool cool cool
Those pupils on Allison
I saw him (Donald/Childish) at ACL last year and boy, does he put on a spectacular show. Guy has talent for miles. He's streets ahead.
Shes so white !
Alison Brie is astonishing [Alison Brie ](https://thestunningphotos.com/alison-brie/)
My ship came true
Hiii guys, watch this amazing  ice land.

https://youtu.be/7WN0bplaokU
That's just beautiful
They’re all my favorite. 😍
Childish Gambino*
That alcohol red eye!!
Repost
Donald rocking the Georgia Bulldogs shirt. I dig it.
Abed would never wear that hat!
this is my first time seeing this and I love it!
I don't know any of those three people
[removed]
Let’s take a moment to remember Fred Willard (aka Alter-Pierce). He passed away today at the age of 86.

Of all the screen gabs
Damn I was reading a month old post about how they should replace Pierce with Fred if there was a movie and only Abed sees it.
I never realized he was in his 80s. He always came across as much younger to me.
May he rest in Pierce.


But seriously, we lost a great one today. I’ll likely never forget Fred Willard for the rest of my life. He was THAT good.
Troy and Abed are in mourning
I feel like you could have chosen a photo that doesn’t say “Coffins” on it
"mAy hE rEsT iN pIeRcE"
- Shirley Bennett, Darkest Timeline
I was sad to see his character pass away in M.F. RIP. Great actor
RIP Fred. Hilarious in so many shows!
He was always streets ahead.
“Right. I think my son is just going through a phase... I have no idea where he would have gotten German pornography...but you and I are mature adults and have seen our share of pornographic materials... oh, you never have? How stupid of me. Nether have I. I was just speaking in generalities. Alright, I’ll stop by the school a little later Sister Margret.”
 Ed Harken
Oh no :(
literally just rewatched History 101 earlier today :( RIP
Kind of amazing that he has been working all the way at 86, he's set to appear in that upcoming Netflix series Space Force
First Jerry Stiller, and now this
Jeff, look at how far apart your fingers are. That's your penis!
He’s always in the most random things. I laughed when he ended up being Vala’s estranged con-man father in season 10 of SG-1.
He was the true anti pierce!
Damn Mexican cleaning woman did a cha-cha on my glasses, so I got to wear this old pair.

I'll always remember him as Amy's dad on Everybody Loves Raymond.

May he rest in Pierce
People saying this is distasteful. Tbh he probably would've thought it'd be funny.
Rest in peace man. I just saw that episode a few days back and was like _"oh yeah, they did that and on my first watchthrough I actually thought they replaced him"_
No! Fuck 2020!
Wait seriously? I just watched the episode he's in for the first time last night. I can't believe it
F
First role that I mentioned while talking about how funny he was with my dad after finding out he passed. Also, his role as the boss in Anchorman was hilarious. Funny guy, RIP.
Who else remembers him as Ed Harken in Anchorman? R.I.P Fred Willard.
They should have just outright replaced Chevy with Willard
He passed on Friday my dude. They just announced it today.
I remember reading that he was supposed to be the original casting choice for Pierce but the studio wanted Chevy Chase.

I love the way Chevy played it but I always wondered what Fred would have done with the role.
This is how I find out? A fucking community subreddit?
I liked him in American pie and boondocks, may RIP
Was he in Wall-E? I can picture him in Wall-E for some reason.
He was born in 1939... how was he 86? Did he time travel?
u/mmbbot 5 for the (in)appropriate screen grab
He’s not dead. He’s not fire
Hey! Wha’ happened?!
Legend, honestly always made me laugh in EVERYTHING he did. His passing affected more than I would have thought. Sad news for sure
Buy n large guy! Oh no :(
I'm wasting my life. One day, with luck, I'll be 86 and I'll look back at a pretty crappy life. Feels that way when we only report the deaths of famous and accomplished people. Fred made millions of people laugh for a living.
Kenny Rogers, Max von Sydow, John Prine, Brian Dennehy, Don Shula, Little Richard, Jerry Stiller, James Lipton, Jack Welch, Kirk Douglas, Buck Henry,  Neil Peart, Terry Jones, Kobe, the Rock’s dad, curly from the Harlem Globetrotters…

And now Fred Willard.

The rule of 3 now seems quaint in the early wake of 2020.
Don’t know what this show is and I just saw this post on popular but I loved this guy as Phil’s dad in modern family.
[deleted]
Watching this awful episode from this awful season right now.
I just watched this episode a few days ago
F
F.

He was indeed, streets ahead.
F
I've just watched this episode today. I don't know the actor that well but have seen him in some other shows too. Hope he's in a better place.
Literally watched this episode  for the first time last night 😳
Yeah, he won it while on the show
Honestly, I thought he was 55, tops.
Shoresy’s a maniac.
I hate 2020
Loved that guy, real shame to find out he passed away
The big take away here is that you!?
I want to live to see 86
F in the chat
He was apparently the original preference for pierce.
I was watching this episode when the news was broken! That was an experience!
May he rest in peace
A truly funny man who will be missed.
Didn't realize he was that old
Ok, who’s cutting onions?
oh thats him??? Didnt know!!! damn!!!
It’s the most logical reason.
Celebrity #92483? No!
[He layeth on high. ](https://youtu.be/T7f9xTPI9eo)
https://i.imgur.com/DfHOe3i.jpg
Sh- She didn’t age well and downvoted.
Damn and I was reading the same paragraph.
It is a really low bar
Just watched mighty wind tonight in his honor for the first time tonight. RIP to a legend
And he blamed him for the right moment?
Rest In Peace
Gosh it’s never their goal
WHAT

Dude fuck these past 2 years
I just watched this last night
That’s a shame:/
RIP Pierce
If you’ve never seen *A Mighty Wind*, make a point to do so. Fred’s is one of dozens of great performances in that film.
Wtf I saw him last night on “Have a Good Trip” and I asked myself “is this guy still alive?” AND THEN HE WENT AND DIED???!?!?!!?
That’s why it’s the joke.
RIP papa Dunphy
But the constitution doesn’t want the Googleness
That’s what I recognized him from, a shame really. Rest In Peace.
Oh shit, I'm watching this episode right now!
Or at least vastly overrepresented.
Tony v khabib is one of two wings
"Hey, wha' happened?"

RIP Mr. Willard
🎶Troy and Abed mimic Annie at the end!
Ughhhh, take the rest of them are brilliant
... and it is today. Congrats!
cleaning lady did a cha cha on my heart RIP
Rest in peace
That's not allowed.
This one really hurt. Like Leslie Nielsen kinda hurt
I wish he’d been around to play Pierce in the movie. I’m worried I jinxed it by mentioning him in the movie threads a few weeks back.

F
Sometimes it’s her throw away account.
In the NBA it’s killing me.
hes not dead hes just streets ahead
Ok as a non American I can't remember someone I never knew
Man that fucking sucks he seemed like a cool guy
While I’m reporting this bruh moment to Obama
For me that's Phil's dad
>Can’t take it so seriously.
For a moment I thought you’re not.*
I always read what’s really significant.
🎶Troy and Abed mimic Annie at the end!
Can I help you today?
I know, I know, wrong sub for this but casting Fred Willard as Phils father in Modern Family was just perfect, nothing more, nothing less.

Always a treat when this man came on the screen. Rest In Peace, Fred.
In that one episode, he was cemented as the best pierce
Great actor.  Of all of his roles, one that stands out to me is when he voiced a teacher in an episode of The Boondocks (this episode spoofed the real life controversy that occurred when a white teacher used the ‘N’ word when speaking to a student).  One of Willard’s lines was, “*Now, how’s a nigga gonna borrow a fry?*”  Makes me laugh out loud  to this day even thinking about it.
Rip
Aw shit :(
F
# F
I have been watching an episode of Review (TV show), where this man dies as a result of funny incident. Then I googled his name and found out he passed away today. What a coincidence. Let him rest in peace.
Oh no, Frank dunphy!
He was truly *Best in Show*
I started watching Community some weeks back.. saw this episode today only. RIP
Rip
Rip...loved this dude
Discovered Fred through the Christopher Guess movies and and followed his career ever since.  Amazing talent.  RIP
Whaaa happen?
i wish he had played pierce all along
Would totally make a better Pierce if he got a chance
He was a great actor. I enjoyed his work.
“Wha happen?”
This guy was a comedic treasure. One of the best character actors in this genre. RIP, Mr. Willard. You will live on through your work, and provide laughs for many years to come.
I remember Community
Wha' happened?
Bruh he was a hot-ass 86 year old. I would’ve fucked him for sure
Even if he had a few lines they were hilarious. Rip
Just watched an episode of King of the Hill last night where he voiced a park ranger. Fred Willard just always seemed to appear in alot of stuff I was into. I mean how many other pensioners were Adult Swim regulars?
Rest in peace
Oh no, that’s so sad!
2020 SUCKS!!!!
Jerry Hubbard ☹️
Man, this is tragic. I remember watching him on Totally Obsessed
Fuckkkkk.... noooooooooooooooo
Alternative perice is dead
Leonard
I'm so glad he didn't become a replacement for Chevy Chase.
I loved Chevy as Pierce, but the small bits we got of him as Pierce made me interested in an alternate realty where Willard was cast
Jerry Hubbard, sidekick par excellence. Fernwood 2night.  Fred Willard, you touched our lives and made them better with your deadpan straight man routine. You literally elevated your art form. Thank you for more than half a century of your antics. GodSpeed, Sir.
I just saw this episode!
Jesus Christ 20k upvotes? This sub has really grown with all the new beans
The Real Pierce
No offence but ppl esp celebs die all the time. Aint nobody care about this washed up prune. 

Not like he’s a legend like Michael Jackson or Whitney Houston or Pop Smoke.
Who?
Bring Chevy back for the movie!
[deleted]
The magazine hes reading hits differently now.
Rest In Peace
I'll remember him as Phil's dad on modern family
Fun trivia fact: Fred Williams was among the options for who Dan Harmon wanted to originally play as Pierce.
[removed]
Got removed from MovieDetails for being too recent but I wanted to share this cool reference to Community from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018)

So many layers to this. 

Donald Glover wore that shirt in Community because there was a campaign for him to be the next Spider-Man (~~edit: other way around, actually, which ties in with the next fact~~)
(edit 2: guess I was right the first time)

[Miles’s appearance was inspired by that scene from Community](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miles_Morales)

Donald Glover ended up playing Aaron Davis (the same character who’s on the left of the screen) in Spider-Man: Homecoming
Donald Glover also played Miles in Ultimate Spider-Man and Uncle Arron In Spider-Man: Homecoming
When I wanna be a superhero, I just wake up.-Donald Glover
That is so cool, cool cool cool.

Hope Abed gets into the new Batman movie.
The first time we noticed that in Spiderverse we freaked out!!! That movie is FULL of little Easter eggs and gorgeous detail. Love it.
Is it bad that I’ve seen that movie like 6 times and seen community 6 times and never noticed that?
Lul never noticed it
[deleted]
There are multiple posts from this movie, how would it be too recent? The recent rule is basically no movies still in theaters but even that isn't totally enforced.
Never would have noticed this that’s sick
Made a [GIF](https://imgur.com/gallery/I78XMXl) for next time [this is posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/community/comments/g5o2ez/just_noticed_miless_uncle_is_watching_community/fo7cm7k/?context=3).
Yeah so awesome!
[deleted]
donald glover could play spider-man. he's nerdy
It’s important to note that Donald Glover wasn’t campaigning to be Spider-Man, he was campaigning for the right to AUDITION to be Spider-Man. Sony wouldn’t even give any POC the opportunity to audition. That was his fight, and that is why this shot of him in Spider-Man pajamas was so important. Iconic.
2018 too recent?
A couple years early?
On no way. Good catch.
OP, just fyi, r/moviedetails sucks ass. Good eye btw, now i cant wait to see Abed in The Batman (Robert Pattinson).
I understood that reference :)
they’re literally called the Hipsters
Happy cake day
Yes!! I posted about this and Harmon commented that he didn’t see that! I geeked so hard
Abed in a Batman movie in a key role would be epic!
Donald Glover also plays Miles Morales in Ultimate Spider-Man
Removed? What bunch of inconsistent babies.
I watched the movie yesterday and didn’t see this, when is it ?
holy shit I didn't notice that
Where is the reference
NO SHIT ahhh that's the best
Holy cow, I did not catch that when I watched it.
I play hardcore all the time haha.
That is really great. Thanks for posting.
Jokes don’t think this is a ninjago reference
Happened to r/MovieDetails

Edit: Fixed URL
Oh my god, this is a cool one! I never noticed that!
Too recent? What a dumb rule
Gambino will be miles morales confirmed.
A subreddit following their own rules? I'm astonished.
Oh god I'm screaming.
Holy shit
Now he just needs one from America.
I came from a fucked up political system.
What am I missing? I don’t!
WTF happened to r/MovieDetails

Edit: spelling.
I noticed in that wake up scene, dong lover has that same snarl as gambino in the “this is america” video. Thought it was interesting.
This is very streets ahead
Made a video not too long ago about this! [Spider-Man & Community!](https://youtu.be/JFqADZ0ih68)
Fun fact! Donald for Spiderman was the main influence for Miles Morales to be created.
What am I missing? I don’t you?
Sorry boss I think I was the last one to post it. But it's a dope reference
*"DAYLIGHT!"*
Ill always upvote this.
So epic!!!!
Nice! Had never noticed that
Donald for Spider-Man
Glover would have been a perfect spider man
“Too recent” = reposted daily
Into The Spiderverse is one of my favourite movies of all time. I watch the 3D version sometimes when I'm bored with my Oculus Rift S, and I'm also a big Community fan... so I cannot believe I missed this reference!

Good catch, OP!
Cool cool cool
Dope didn't see this love the details
I think Donald Glover would have been a good Miles, but it’s hard to imagine the character getting a better intro movie than *Into the Spider-Verse*.
u/savethisvideo
u/savethisvideo
He was pissed he didn’t get to play spiderman back when that was in the cards.
We know.
thanks for this. so the best film and best show are somehow connected, my life just improved a little.
Yeah, #WandaVision is pretty cool, but have you heard about WanDeanVision? Coming Soon to Deaney+

Come on I’m Dean,

And my hands are so clean. 

At this moment,

I am stapling.
Catch a new episode every Deanurday
This will be very helpful during quaran-dean!
I think the Dean might have had the best acting performance in the show, he really steals every scene he's in.
I deandn’t see that one coming but you’ve deaned my interests.
I hope Joel McHale is his understudy in this role
u/MMBbot 5

Have you dean any news on if it’ll be dean-rected by the deanius mind that created the Greendale commercial with Luis Guzman?
Sidenote.  I thought about Community a few times watching WandaVision. It felt very familiar to take characters you love and insert them into homages of favorite TV troupes.
Is this a « Cool Abed Films » production ?
Now you're speaking my Changuage.
I often quote out of context “As you can tell by the way I’m dressed, I have plans. Off to the airport Ramada!” Dean makes me die laughing every time!
We watched Civil War this evening and the Dean was in it. As like the Dean or whatever of MIT when Stark is doing his Ted Talk style event.
It’s been ages since we’ve had a sock hop
This is streets ahead.
Oh, did Marvel StuDeanOs make that?
kinda disappointed it doesn't say "Deansney+"
I sure hope this doesn’t get can-can-cancelled!
i heard they cryodeanically preserved walt deansney's brain and are waiting for science to advance before reverse deangineering his DeaNA
I'm more excited about Marvel's Chang-chi and the legend of the ten rings
I just learned that Dean wrote the script for *The Descendants*

Wtf
Hmm, you've chang'd the way I see this scene. Well dean.
Wonder if therell be a cameo from the War MaDean
I'm watching two Japanese teenagers catfishing the dean RN IRL
This is the content we need
This is amazing
Brought to you by Deannsy
"Dean! Dean, who's doing this to you?!"
I have to go to the bank today!
Steve and Bucky in the morning!!
NIGHTSSSS
This was my favorite Dean costume/performance. Though the payday bar was close.
They're always Streets Ahead...
You son of a bitch...you **MAGNIFICENT** son of a bitch!
*Luith Guzmannnn*
This meme is street's ahead.
Is that the timeline where the Dean runs in to grab the die in the air?
I just started watching Mike Tyson Mystery Team. Man oh man, Jim Rash is great in that too.
Deany dean dean
Desperate deans, calls for deansperate measures
Deansy plus
This is why I love reddit.
Frankly,I can't wait for FalChang and the WintDean  Soldier to come out.
Haha so good! And isn’t there a line in Community when they talk about the Avengers movies. Like they don’t get why it’s so popular or something? Lol. Also, I am LOVING WandaVision! Can’t wait to see how it unfolds!
Well I’m a peanut bar and I’m here to say...
Well, Britta is the best, Adam West.
Wan Dean Vision : Not the movie we deserved, but the movie we needed
Only if i had any award to give, have my upvote!
Just watched this episode
Is this a great photoshop job or is this how Dan Harmon secretly announces 6 seasons and a movie? 🤔 🍿

Edit: literally what is wrong with Reddit that I got downvoted for this I do not understand??? Am I that socially inept?? Is this really not photoshop??
to r/sbubby this goes
A+ post. Thank you for making my day!
Perfect 👌
That is an amazing title.
Come on I'm dean aaaaaaaand my hands are so clean, currently, I am staaaaaaapaaaaliiiiiing!
The show has shuck a large ideentity
Ive been so psyched for wandavision but id watch this first in a heartbeat, if it was real.....wish i was wanda and could shape reality:(
Leonard
It's a little unsettling looking with the whole thing black and white except for the eyes and lips...
I wish I still had coins so I could give you an award. What a quality post.
I got my TV show fan subreddits mixed and thought this was going to be a Marvel/Supernatural crossover for a moment...
/u/Title2ImageBot
That’s amazing.
Was literally watching this last night!
I hate you. Take my upvote and leave
holy shit this is amazing
This is a fantastic promo 😂
WanDEANvision.
Can someone please make Dean-ie in a bottle?
Dean dean dean DEAN DEAN
I'd watch tha fucka outta this
Yeah, looks like it's getting removed
This scene was on my tv right as I scrolled to this post. Hmmmm.
this...this is legendary
Coming to a town near you.
all of this is genius.
Gaydean gaydean gaaydean!
Coming from the last couple generations.
This made me very happy
Soon as I saw it below
Perfect!
This is my favorite post.
u/MMBbot 5
Awesome stuff🔥
Stop trying to make me watch your crap Disney
10/10 - would watch.
The Dean: The Wasp was always my favorite hero, cause she was Janet Van DEAN and she don't play around!
Thank you for this
I just finished my first watch through and the dean has the most amazing moments in 4-6. The rest of the show goes downhill, but the Dean always brings something good.
Well I guess we don't see our patterns until they're all laid out in front of us.
We just dean't know what to expect!
I breathed heavily out of my nose, thank you
It’s the Dean’s best costume!
WanDeanVision is streets ahead.
u/MMbot 5
I didn't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for r/community.

It might be OC, it might not. Things such as JPEG artifacts and cropping may impact the results.

I did find [this post](https://redd.it/9i4obg) that is 82.81% similar.  It might be a match but I cannot be certain.

Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - *I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [ [False Negative](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RepostSleuthBot&subject=False%20Negative&message={"post_id": "ky3ja7", "meme_template": null}) ]*

[View Search On repostsleuth.com](https://www.repostsleuth.com?postId=ky3ja7&sameSub=false&filterOnlyOlder=true&memeFilter=true&filterDeadMatches=true&targetImageMatch=86&targetImageMemeMatch=96)

---

**Scope:** Reddit | **Meme Filter:** False | **Target:** 86% | **Check Title:** False | **Max Age:** Unlimited | **Searched Images:** 190,635,150 | **Search Time:** 1.03578s
Please Don't Britta The dean puns, you are not doing it right and just making it Cringey
I just finished Community & that costume & body paint was done so well it took me a moment to realize it wasn't cgi or edited.
You just shamelessly steal this from the darkest timeline fb group?
What is your favourite subtle joke in the show?

I love the subtle joke when Britta and Subway are talking about 1984 and Britta’s takeaway is that “I think everyone should be forced to read it.”
Bottle episode (S2E8 - Cooperative Calligraphy) when Abed says he switched exclusively to mechanical pencils and Pierce says “More relatable?”
Where the teachers at Greendale get a 10 minute headstart at the job fair.
I liked when [Annie made a smiley face with her peas and showed Abed, and he was like, "Cool. Stonehenge."](https://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/communitythings.jpg)
Idk why but one of my favorite jokes from Britta is in 5x01 when she says: “that’s like me blaming owls for how much I suck at analogies.”

Thanks for the silver!
"Fire can't go through doors stupid, it's not a ghost" -Chang 

>One season later 

"Ghosts can't go through doors, stupid. They're not fire." -Pierce
I forget if it's in the actual episode or only the deleted scenes, but the season one finale when Troy sees the giant cookie and shouts:

“A giant cookie! I haven’t seen one of these since I was tiny.”
When Abed runs back inside to get his astronaut costume and when he gets back the KFC Shuttle is gone.

He looks left, he looks right, then he looks straight up.

It's pretty obvious, but it still seems subtle to me.
Was just in a rewatch and noticed when abed said that they want him to be like robocop. Britta answers exactly like rowboat-cop.
In the first Halloween episode, when Troy does the batman voice, it says [IMITATING YODA]
I'm bothered by the layout of these images.
i think this is pretty widely known, but still subtle; in the episode where abed is bringing down bitches for the girls, in the abed-pov robocop screens, there are fun easter eggs about how he currently summarizes the “plot” of the “episode” (example from early in the episode: “britta, shirley, and annie make abed one of the girls, with zero repercussions. jeff, pierce, and troy learn a lesson about either basketball or remote toys.”) there are also notes about future episodes like “GET RUDOLPH FOR XMAS” and “MAKE BLANKET FORT,” and “projected cycles” with the girls’ names and upcoming dates, which i believe is referencing “cooperate calligraphy” when they find out abed is tracking their menstrual cycles. i love shit like that, stuff you’d never notice unless you paid close attention. it’s great when shows reward you for paying attention and community does that well
I love the joke Abed makes when Annie asks Abed and Troy to be in the psych experiment. Annie asks Abed as her "really close friend" and Abed explains that he always viewed their relationship comparable to Chandler and Pheobe. He then accepts going to the psych experiment by saying "Ok Chandler" implying Abed views himself as Pheobe in that situation.
My fav is abed being absent all episode and delivering a baby in the background of every scene and at the end of the episode they acknowledge they haven’t seen him all day and he downplays the day he had
I've said this before but s3 Foosball/Nocturnal Vigilantism when Juergen (Nick Kroll) says

"I wish there was a word to describe the pleasure I feel in viewing your misfortune"
I like when Pierce gets his Spy-Gear headset and says: “No, no, this is my blue tooth headset and this is...Ear-Noculars! It's for spies and what not, it gives you sonic hearing.”

Abed: “All hearing is sonic.”

Pierce: *as if he didn’t hear Abed* “What?”
Troy's childlike curiosity in no no juice. It's brought up many times like his bday party, Shirley's wedding, Dinner with Abed ending, and more I'm missing. It shows how he was growing up with the religious views seemingly makes normal things like a bday party give him childlike wonder he can do that. 

KETTLE CORN? THAT'S A FUNTIME SNACK!
Britta in digital estate "which one am I ? I dont assume anything because I am not racist" made me laugh my ass off
Annie’s sample from her comedy class, really made me lol
When Shirley's kids are playing at family day and run up to abeds dad pointing toy guns at him and yell "Homeland security"
The meta joke where abed says "I'm 38" when Jeff is in the hospital. The actor really is 38 in that scene lol
The one that comes to mind is in the pilot when Jeff gives his speech at the end and he says ‘we need guys like Pierce, he has wisdom to offer’ and Pierce starts saying ‘The Dalia Lama and I…’ and Jeff immediately interrupts saying ‘we should listen to him sometime.’ Just brilliant timing.
I like in Basic Lupine Urology, when they look at the clock in the photo and Abed can't tell time. Just hilarious that the guy who's basically Rainman can't tell time. "I'm gifted in other ways."
Jeff: Professor Cli-goris...Clig-oris?

Professor: Either pronunciation is acceptable.
"Nice sweater."

"My Dad gave it to me."
There's this earlier episode where Troy calls Britta "the opposite of Batman"

and during the Blade episode, Britta, enraged, calls Troy "the opposite of Batman" and Troy replies with "you don't know what that means!".

It cracked me up
My favorite subtle joke may still be from the pilot.

Jeff is practicing Spanish before meeting Britta for his study group.  Rehearsing "bienvenido, bienvenido."

Then Britta enters and he bungles it as "bien venudo!"
It doesn't happen in only one episode, but I laugh every time the dean has the chance to touch Jeff's body and he just looks but never says anything.
Troy flipping the candy cigarette into his mouth when he’s in the bathroom with Britta after Jeff insults him.

Edit: I got it wrong originally. Britta was already getting high in the bathroom when Troy came in upset
"Y'know where he was for most of my birthdays? A little place that rhymes with 'not there'."

-"Times Square?"
The episode when Abed and Troy are fighting over a pillow fort or the blanket fort.... at one point they are in the Dean's office and Troy and Abed are saying their friendship is over and Jeff is sitting on the couch in the Dean's office buy there aren't any pillows on the couch because they've been taken for the pillow fort.
When Annie is telling Britta and Shirley about the time she did it with her highschool boyfriend to Madonna's Erotica on the floor of her walk-in closet. 

"He cried during. And after. He's gay now"

Britta (whispering): *"I think he was gay then"*
(S2E18)
Shirley: It's impossible to keep the chaos from your lives. I mean, we learned that in that movie we saw with all those dinosaurs.
Jeff: Jurassic Park?
Shirley: No, "It's Complicated".
In the first half of the Pillows and Blankets saga, when the Dean informs Troy and Abed that they can reach the record for largest blanket or pillow fort, he prefaces it by saying, “So I was just Googling record lengths of things...”
Gotta be either from the dean “I was just googling record lengths of stuff” or “This habitat.. was for humanity”
It’s not particularly subtle, but the one liner in the pillow fort episode where Troy gives abed an “all tomato” always gets me
The 3 seasons-long Beetlejuice gag was pretty subtle.
I just posted about this on a Community FB group! Mine was in Critical Film Studies, when they're ordering their food. 
Jeff: "Salad."
Waiter: "Excellent choice."
Jeff: "Yeah, I nailed it."
Two that come to mind...

"It was the other arm" - Abed to Troy

"Britta, don't make jokes! You're bad at it." - Annie to Britta
The [notches scene](https://youtu.be/cMY9y-6W_fQ) always gets me
"If I had no self-awareness, I think I'd know"  
My favorite quote from Britta
“Cheers.”

“M.A.S.H.”

“Fawlty Towers, game over.”

Edit: adjusted a crucial error.
Britta: “He’s blaming the school because he sucks at building bridges? That’s like me blaming owls for how much I suck at analogies.”

Or

Shirley: "Ooh they've got a class on how to write jokes."

Annie: "Don't take that. I dropped it after a class on setups. The professor is so old.…(trails off and doesn’t finish the joke)"
Pierce is my least favourite character but I crack up when he says “I’m not one to hold grudges, my father held grudges I’ll always hate him for that.”
"Abed, you're not helping!"

"I'd be a pretty bad Dungeon Master if I was."
During a fistful of paint balls, when Jeff sees the wanted poster he asks “ my forehead isn’t that big, is it?” To which Troy responds “it’s not small”

Gets me every time
I really like S06E01 when Frankie goes away after the first meeting with the study group and Chang just says something like "bye professor Slater".
"Cheers.”
“M.A.S.H.”
“Fawlty towers, game over. Have a nice day.”
There are others more that I just remembered!

One episode where Troy and Pierce were teaching Jeff how to fight, Pierce suckered punch Jeff by pointing behind Jeff and lying "Britta, you can put your blouse back on". Then he did the same thing to Troy by saying "There's a hot black chick over there" and Troy's retort was "Why does she have to be black!?". Cracked me up!

There's one episode where Britta is psychoanalyzing the group and saying the first 2 steps of the 5 stages of Grief, but when called out on it, she couldn't name the other stages because she hasn't finished the chapter.

Annie's reply to Britta making a joke "Stop making a joke, Britta! You're bad at it!" where you are led to believe she'd say "this situation is serious"

Shirley's "You can excuse racism?" and Britta's reaction afterwards
Subtle Abed moments are my favorite. Here's the exchange at the hospital after Pierce's overdose.

Jeff: We're here for him now so there's no point in feeling bad.

Annie: We know there's no point, Jeff. We kinda just felt like feeling it.

Shirley: Yeah, Jeff. What are you, Abed? Oh, sorry Abed.

Abed: No problem, doesn't bother me.

Edit: mobile formatting
Another quick Shirley moment:

Abed: He hasn't cried yet. I'm told that's not normal.  
Jeff: Who's normal, Abed?  
Shirley: Baptists are, but that's beside the point.
The professor is so old
In Season 3’s halloween episode, Troy says the dean got free taco meat from the army
"Pop what? POP WHAT?!"
“I thought you were smarter than me when I met you.” “Thank you.”
Hands down my favourite is from season 1 I think:

Jeff: Let’s not confine ourselves to your wheelhouse. This problem won’t respond to tap dancing or casual revelations that you spent time in New York.

Britta: Okay, if you’re gonna get all upper East side about this, I think we’re done.

Not as subtle as others mentioned here but it never fails to raise a laugh out of me.
In the episode introducing Asian Annie, there’s a point where Annie is moving her straw up and down as she complains about Asian Annie. The straw is making noise against the lid of the the cup it’s in, so Troy replaces the cup with a cup without a lid. All of this is done while focusing on Annie and her speaking, but Troy’s hand can be seen making the switch as she talks and Annie doesn’t notice at all. Love seeing it every time.
something about Trot and Abed’s “they’re just jealous” made me crack up
“I love misdirects” 
“I love the big Lebowski”
there’s way too many to remember, but the fire that comes to mind? 
Abed: “13”
“I hope you brought an army of raisins because I got a major scoop” - annie
"I was raised in the Bay Area, but I'm a father now."
Abed: "You think bees ever eat their own honey?"

Troy, looking almost panicked:"I'm sure they've at least tasted it."
When they are playing the video game to win Pierce's inheritance from Gilbert.... he pulls out a gun and they're like PIERCE!!!! Do you always carry that??? He says, "Not in the shower!"
Chang: “Are you guys picking a new studygroup member?!”

Abed: “we didnt know how to reach you. We didnt know how to reach you. Its a mixer its a mixer its a mixer its a mixer”

Not subtle but hilarious
"He's a pawn"
In the last episode of season 5, Britta makes a thumbs up gesture, but she does it wrong and  Abed reaches in and fixes her hand.
Where Pierce says "Are you trying to Garfunkel me?" And Vauhn replies about Garfield the cat.
"It's going to be a maze" from Joshua the racist had me rolling on the floor. The most unexpected twist to an episode ever 🤣😂😭
In S3E20 Digital Estate Planning, when Gilbert finally makes it to the Throne of Hawkthorne, Pierce’s Dad tells him he’ll need his electronic signature on this legally binding document that supposedly says he will deny that he is the love child of Hawthorne Sr. and Etta’s cousin.

But if you actually look at the text that scrolls by on the screen, it’s just a copy of the Constitution, specifically Article 1, Section 2, the part that refers to the 3/5 compromise.
"I thought you had a bachelor's from Columbia"
"And now I have to get one from America"
“i’m sorry about my partner. he’s been on edge ever since we switched” when troy and abed are doing good cop/bad cop
When Shirley says you people and Britta buts I’m with “WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU PEOPLE HA I always wanted to say that”
"29 seconds"

After the dialogue "that is the most racist thing I've ever heard." "Pierce will top that in one minute."

I think this is the exchange that really hooked me on the show.
[deleted]
The dean calling out Danielle Harmon in the list of nominees at the transfer dance
In the Starburns' wake episode  where they are rioting and  Leonard says :"I'll take everything but onions and olives". I noticed the joke  on my 2nd or 3rd rewatch and could not stop laughing
Physical Education Education. I thought that was a typo in the Course Cartalog.
Frankie: All right. I, I’m trying to find the IT lady. My emails to her get bounced back to me in Aramaic, and when I call, I hear an undulating high-pitched whistle that makes my nose bleed.  
  
Frankie and the IT lady were played by the same actress, so she is experiencing a paradox.
Its gotta be Abed delivering a baby in the background of that episode
I’m surprised it hasn’t been mentioned yet:

The use of the song Daybreak. Times it’s used from the Community wiki:

Season Three

"Horror Fiction in Seven Spooky Steps": When telling his horror story to the study group, Abed hums this song.
"Foosball and Nocturnal Vigilantism": Troy comes out of the blanket fort humming the song after Annie steps on Abed's prized "Dark Knight" DVD.
"Urban Matrimony and the Sandwich Arts": Annie hums it after walking out of the student lounge.
"Digital Exploration of Interior Design: Abed whistles it in New Fluffytown.
"Pillows and Blankets: Neil plays it on the radio before an attack.
"Virtual Systems Analysis": In the episode end tag, Troy briefly hums the song while holding a "Technical difficulties" sign when Abed has a meltdown during the "taping" of "Troy and Abed in the Morning!".
Season Four

"Paranormal Parentage": Troy uses the song as his ringtone.
"Alternative History of the German Invasion": Abed cuts to this song in his podcast during the credits.
"Cooperative Escapism in Familial Relations": Shirley hums the song as she is doing laundry.
"Intro to Felt Surrogacy": During the credits, Abed starts humming the song and the rest of the Study Group joins in.
Season Six

"Basic Email Security": Abed uses the song to introduce the comedian Gupta Gupti Gupta.
"Modern Espionage": The song plays in the elevator that Dean Pelton uses.
"Don't eat the crab dip. Yayee yayee!"
I don't think it's that subtle but you could miss it since it passes pretty quickly. The holiday episode where Shirley says something like, "Oh look, Britta brought what she believes in...Nothing 🙂"
My favorite will always be, "Yes I can it's all terrain dummy"
When Annie is doing Troy and Abed in the morning.
Troy: What are you doing 
Annie: Nothing 
Troy: Nothing my ass, what are all these cameras doing here
Jeff: Cheers
 
Abed: M*A*S*H 
 
Professor Duncan: Faulty Towers. Game over.
One of May favourites ist that in the Episode with the psych evaluations when Britta tells the Story she can be Seen Reading "Warren Piece" which is a dig to her pseudo intulectualism
When Pierce says "Spoiler Alert" about Annie recording their study sessions.  

It's literally a spoiler. Which is great because his next line is "Alert Nerd".  

It's brilliant.
My favorite subtle joke is the “3rd black guy” when the dean is pitching his season 7 in the last episode
Abed: just like robocop? 
Britta: exactly like row boat cop
I think my favorite is during the episode when Britta and Annie are arguing (I think about fundraising to save animals from oil spills?) and Britta says something to the effect of “You’re pretending not to know that these guys have a sock with your name on it”

Annie: “if they have a sock puppet of me, i don’t see how that’s any of your concern!”
When the gang (as puppets) crashes their hot air balloon and gets ripped on magic berries, Britta says her skin feels so soft, like felt. (One if my favorite episodes — the music is top notch too!)
"Emmanuel in Space" on laserdisc. I don't know what it is, but it sounded sexy. *Laserdisc.*"
"Streets ahead."

And if you don't know what I mean-
Your probably streets behind
It's not all too incredibly subtle, but...  
"Arizona backwards is still Arizona, it's a palomino." never fails to slay me everytime I hear it.
Would someone mind explaining the joke? Thank you
When Troy sits at Abed’s fancy dinner with Jeff and suddenly notices “oh look nono juice!” Takes a sip of wine “that’s good Nono juice!”
The meow meow beans episode when Jeff is trying to become a 5 by doing stand up comedy at the talent show and they do the curse word bleep out. It’s so accurate. I love it

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAJqSo0594
“Like Robocop?”

“Exactly like Rowboat Cop, Abed! Sharice is a bad rowboat. Sink her!”

- took me until the 8th time to even hear this joke
Season 1, Episode 7.  During the opening Pierce accidentally calls his mom and you hear her talk about seeing his Dad's ghost again.  One of my favorite moments.  This is before they brought his Dad in as a character.
S02E02

Jeff: "you know what a therapist would call this relationship?"

Pierce: "a goldmine"

Jeff: "co-dependent"

Jeff is right of course, but I don't think Pierce's quip gets enough attention.
when Dean says his best friend as a young boy was a black man. I only caught that on my 5th watch through
When Abed and Troy are arguing which one of the two is a nerd and Jeff shushhes them....  'shushhh nerds!'
I can’t remember which episode it was but Troy introduces himself as “Troy the disco spider” which is “la araña disco” from their season 1 og Spanish rap
My favourite throw away joke has got to be when Troy and Abed are making their record blanket fort S3E13 and the dean tells them they could go for the record. 
He says, “I was just googling record lengths of stuff”
It took me a few rewatches to finally notice the joke
One of my favorites comes from Vice Dean Laybourne, when he's trying to convince Troy to join the a/c repair annex.



"That's what we do Troy! Incredible, invisible, in-believable things where an unseen, unknown, un-vincible fraternity of craftsmen, graduates of this school, are guaranteed lucrative employment for their entire lives and I'm inviting you to join us"

It's so easy to miss the "in-believable" and "un-vincible".

edit: Just thought of another. When the Annie is dating Vaughn and the group talks about flirting with eachother, and Shirley asks if anyone talks about her. 

Pierce: Check your email.

Shirley: I'll mark you as spam

Pierce: Who's Pam?
S5 E13 “Basic Sandwich” the school board guys breaking down the door.
Carl-“Richie be careful”
Richie-“Don’t worry, I’ve been drinking!”
“Rent Memento” written on Chang’s arm when he has Changnesia.
Probably when everyone I'd talking about their plans

Annie: I'm going to the movies with my buubie 

Troy: aren't you taking both of them?

A: well ones dead

T:**WHAT!!**
We can find a fatter Neal.
At the German party: “That must be nearly a hundred luftballoons!”
You ordered the panels wrong my guy
When Abed and Jeff are hungover and Abed just says "movie reference".
“It’s going to be a maze”
That's like blaming owls for why I suck at analogies
I always loved this scene in Lawnmower maintenance and postnatal care where the dean tries to drown a file with serial written on it meaning he’s a serial killer
TIL that a surprising quantity of people missed a lot of the jokes when they watched the show lol
"Did you do standup? Is that how you became a custodian?"
When the dean finds out that Chang faked his credentials and Chang starts destroying Jeff’s car… he thinks Jeff told on him. Jeff says “Why would I screw myself?!” And Chang says “I don’t know, what am I, Dr Drew??”

I feel like I’ve dated myself laughing at that lol
Don't dead. Open inside
I noticed the other day on my umpteenth rewatch of the series that in regional holiday music after Chang hands the the glee club the cease and desist you can see him motioning like he’s kind of jerking himself off for a few seconds lol
This may not be so subtle as it was slipped in for fun but in the episode where Troy leaves the air conditioning repairmen they were doing some kind of induction ritual (I think) and they said something along the lines of:
“We call upon the 5 winds- north, east, south, the one we don’t talk about, and west.”

If I got this quote wrong pls let me know and I’ll change it!
Pierce on his "deathbed" telling Jeff, "I was never one to hold a grudge, Jeffrey. My father held grudges. I'll always hate him for that."
"I hope I get multiple personalities. I get lonely in long showers."
Jeff: We agreed to withhold that information as part of the pinky swear

Lt. Col. Archwood: ...Pinky swear

Me thinking he would criticize the idea of a pinky swear as ridiculous and inadmissible.

Lt. Col. Archwood: Who honors the pinky swear of a degenerate?

Something about a Military Officer considering a pinky swear valid amuses me.
My personal favorite joke in the show... "Welcome, new students, to Greendale Community College, voted the number TWO community college by greendalecommunity college.com!"
"You know, Jeff probably comes in late so he doesn't have to sit through all of your tardiness...sorry, A-bed" - Pierce Hawthorne.
Britta: Democracy doesn't work!  
Jeff: Everyone wants you to shut up!  
Britta: And yet, I won't. Case in point.
Abed when Dean comes to his apartment to have an unannounced “boy’s night”, and Abed looks back at Troy and Annie, who are busy trying to keep Britta from going to the carnival because of an old flame, and says “I need help reacting to something”
Britta: "But did you know sugar is like baby meth? Thats what my homeopath said"

Shirley: "Well maybe your gay friend should mind his own business!"
6x01 when Frankie its talking to Abed and Chang say random things and both just ignore him.
"Hola, me llamo Jefe"
Anyone else get a "don't dead open inside" feel?
You Britta'd the meme
Kettle corn! That's a Funtime snack!
EP 1. "And you have aspergers"
S3 E19

Britta explaining that they have to go save the dean. 
Jeff: "Britta's right! Wait what..?" 

The idea of Britta being right is just confusing to him. It's a split second joke that gets me every single time.
Annie: They can advertise things without us knowing? Is that legal? It sounds like brainWindexing.
Isn’t there an episode where Jeff was like “weren’t you a lot smarter when we met?”
The third time someone mentions "Beetlejuice" in an episode, he can be seen walking by outside the room they're in.
When jeff is compared to hitler and he says that they will treat buddy like an undesired person who will be ignored, try getting that deal from hitler which is exactly what hitler did in the first years of his claim to power.
not necessarily subtle, but when the Dean says to Chang: "I dont know who told you that pouting was an option for you, but all you're making me feel is hatred towards Rene Zellweger", i fucking lose it every time.
You're a monster for going down for the next panel and not right. An absolute maniac
A rather dark one, but when Abed finishes proving that Angela Bower was indeed the boss, the proffesor has a breakdown. He looks depressingly down at his desk drawer and opens it, revealing a gun. But then pulls the drawer completely open to instead reveal a new book. (Season 2, Episode 9: Competitive Wine Tasting. 
Netflix Time Stamp: 19:16)
As S1 progresses, the deans Dalmatian obsession slowly builds
Not really subtle, but one of my favorite jokes in the whole series in when Jeff goes to confront Annie Kim about the mock UN, barges in and addresses the teacher, “Professor Cligoris… CligORis?” “Either pronunciation is fine.” That deadpan delivery kills me every time.

Another example of subtle, I had forgotten that all the flags in Spanish class are actually Italian
In season 1 episode 2 when the dean is making his morning announcement “to increase awareness of homelessness security have been given binoculars”
The episode where the psychiatrist is trying to convince them all that Greendale was an asylum. When Garrett speaks and he has a totally normal voice had me in fits of laughter.
Britta calls Shirley mother hen.

Shirley: Mother hen? I think we're about the same age.

Britta: Sure. Unless time is linear.

Shirley: I'll make your ass linear.

Britta: That doesn't make any sense.

Shirley: I'll make your ass sense.
Jeff, "Troy you are a football player, it's in your blood."

"That's racist."

"In your soul?"

"That's racist!"

"In your eyes?"

"That's gay."

"That's homophobic!"

"That's black."

"That's racist!!"

"Damn."
“I can excuse racism but I draw the line at animal cruelty”

“You can excuse racism?”

Beautiful dark humor…pun intended. Also a pretty solid depiction of people who Britta’d their whole belief system lol
Ahaha, I have community running in the background and was reading this post when the exact same scene came up
Maybe when Jeff is trying to get Chang into the group instead of Dr Chiquita MD, and while Jeff talks Chang does the "feel the heeeeeeee-eat" bit with that action. Brilliant. Or the notches visual joke, yknow, Abed does something Winger, Jeff has 'ab mentions' and Troy has 'notches', so great.
#sixseasonsandamovie
Abed: “Like Robocop?”
Britta: “Exactly like Rowboat Cop. She is a bad Rowboat and you need to sink her!”

That was in the trampoline episode when Abed was pwning all the bitches.
“I broke the remote! Do you think it’s expensive!?” (I love troy’s bewildered worried expression lol)

And from the same episode: “secret dogs!”
[Warren Piece](https://i.redd.it/04dlepx7tv8z.png)

When Britta is telling her version of the horror stories and in her version she's telling the group she's reading the most impressive book she can think of but hasn't actually read it. Because she's recalling it as Warren Piece. And they don't even reference it in the dialogue it's just a prop gag about War and Peace. It gets me every time.
It's not subtle but the chloroform scene always kills me. 

You'll notice Annie almost chloroforms herself when wiping her tears lol
Pierce's panic room - installed 23rd August 1989

Abed - "cinematic release of Do The Right Thing"

Troy & Shirley: "oh...ohhhhhh"
Evidence of Jeff and Britta secretly hooking up. I didn't catch them the first time, but, they show up in the first half of Season 2

Pierce guessing that Mike (who picked on Jeff and Abed) was a nerd-turned-meathead. A few layers to it as Anthony Michael Hall famously played the nerd character in multiple 80s teen movies, most notably The Breakfast Club. He then played a bully type character in Edward Scissorhands, opposite Johnny Depp. Also, Chevy Chase played his character's father in National Lampoon's Vacation
My favorite from Pillows and Blankets: "The Guinness rep has been fired from what he has called the world's biggest mistake. I doubt that will make the next edition!"
"I can't exactly buy my cat a monocle, it's pretentious."
I like in season 1 episode 11, the std fair episode, where Britta and Shirley look at the mannequin’s (what my dad called a Jimmy Carter), Britta says it looks big and Shirley says it looks small simultaneously.
Mine would be when the foosball Germans say "I wish there was a word to describe the pleasure I feel at viewing misfortune". The joke is that there is a German word for this, also used in English. Schadenfreude.
"Animal hospital!"

"The animals are the patients."

Sad Troy, "That makes sense."
I think the 2nd and 3rd panel are flipped
You people
"brain windexing"
*gasp* 
No-No Juice! 
*Sips*
That good No-No Juice
“You seemed smarter when I first met you”
"There's no drinking. But it helps."
“Lever Burton was a maybe.”
Crickets, notches and characters’ special spells - Troy crying, Jeff getting slapped, Annie screaming
If they ever make the movie it needs to starts with the fourth one.

"I think the wrong person just left"
If they make a movie and the credits don't end with "cool abed films" I'll be disappointed
*ABED ABED ABED* intensifies
I don’t want to be your father
But that would mean Abed is making the movie, which means he won't be in the movie.
That guy’s your dad?
I mean, it's not exactly Citizen Kane
can you squeeze in Great Scott films in there
I hope this is a joke, because 3 of these studios have put out some real crap in the past ;)
Nice edit from r/dundermifflin lol, seriously tho good meme
WHELP

THEY BETTER USE THE FOURTH ONE
# #andamovie
Spaaaace ships (a troy and abed thing)
Please Russo brothers
I think community is a treasure trove of memes, surprises me I don’t see more
Make it A24, Pixar, Marvel and I agree
Movie should be about the Yakuza being sent to kill Jeff (still "teaching" at Greendale) and Anny finds out since her internship at the FBI worked out and she got a heads up. The gang has to reunite
Those definitely don't tell me I'm about to watch a good movie, besides abed of course.
Can only confirm for one of these. I've seen bad movies from the other 3.
Love the way half of it is made by the Russo's
I would be down to watch a cool abed film. I wish all films were cool Abed films
You've seen Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, right?
THIS is the movie

*ABED*
My gf and I call it “surprise anal”
I feel like WB is tied with Sony as far as films I start and say "Oh no" when it comes onscreen
marvel movies can suck it, Cool Abed Films any day
the actor for star burns made hos own movie producing company called star burns industries
but that's the benefit I've seen from iphone 11
From Beth to Death in no time here.
He then starts posting regularly on r/shittycarmods
Nice one Tim, glad to hear this video
Baby Abed: cool cool cool
If I don’t use dry-wall
>Not suggesting this is the fourth song???
Well its not exactly Citizen Kane
If it doesn’t last a year
One of the greatest ensemble sitcom casts ever.
THOSE officers didn’t end with a punch
Yeah now that they have gotten stuck.
The best part of the show, ever.
“I don’t wanna be your father”
Rosa's faces are the best movie of the group
Are we in the movie right now?
This poor woman :( we’ve ever heard?
But I’m getting a major B word vibe from you
F in the chat for DreamWorks.
*when
Cool, cool, cool abed films.
I have never seen this sub before. I started binhe watching community on my phone for the first time today and now this pops up on r/all for me. What the hell.
ABED ABED ABED ABED
Seriously. No one is talking about against cascade.
Wrong, Disney and Marvel are no where in the league of Cool Abed Films. They'll have to make new oscars for them because the old one is too lame. Also new Oscars will be hosted by Troy 'Buttsoup' Barnes.
I didn't even see the movie bro?
##andamovie
If the movie is literally the movie.
Unfortunately, Sony would be the big logo at the beginning of a Community movie.
Cool. Coolcoolcool.
“You don’t want to be your father
cool cool cool
He then starts posting regularly on r/comedyheaven material
Ask them if they want you to die
Just needs a knife.
But how can they think it’ll happen.
This is the way.
Reddit does not make it political.
I always picture Abed being in charge of the office crew!
Crazy that I’m watching this exact episode while stumbling upon this post on my Reddit feed. I just got Netflix today for the first time in a year and I’m doing a series rewatch.
If the movie is literally the movie.
If the movie is literally the movie.
Cool, cool cool cool cool....
Cool cool cool!
I hope the movie is gonna be either paintball or dnd because those episodes were amazing!
Especially these

 ^flavorless ^unremarkable ^marvel ^movies
I can hear this image
Me watching community then suddenly it shows up everywhere.
Man I remember binge watching this show a few years ago, I think around the time when season 6 was exclusive to a platform (I can't remember which). I don't remember a lot from the show, I gotta re-watch it.
I agree with Marvel and Cool Abed.

Disney has made some abysmally awful films.
Sign the petition and lets get this movie going :( [https://www.change.org/p/dan-harmon-andamovie](https://www.change.org/p/dan-harmon-andamovie)
Yo where is Tommy Wiseau's top notch production company.  The fix is on.
[deleted]
really hope there's going to be bankrupted themselves
Please don't let this become the top post of the month those are genuinely much better that this.
Except for Disney
We've gone mainstream!

The fact that my 2 favorite shows are reemerging on Netflix and being appreciated by people proves that this timeline might be dark but it is not the darkest timeline.
[The Google Trends page](https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&geo=US&q=%2Fm%2F05pbsry) for both shows is pretty crazy. They both absolutely blew up when they hit Netflix.

Edit: Switched to the 2004-Present view. The show is actually generating more search interest than it ever did while on the air!
These are literally the only two shows I’m watching
Flameo, changman!
definitely someone who came from netflix. It’s an AMAZING show
Both of these shows are utterly amazing.
I had never finished season 6 and finally got to a couple of weeks ago, then started Avatar for the first time right after. I’m hooked despite never having watched it as a kid.
Also getting a steady rewatch from the old fanbase. I'm literally rewatching both of these right now in parallel (alongside Scrubs, as Zach and Donald have a podcast reviewing each episode)
Funny cause these are literally the 2 shows I'm watching / rewatching rn
Finished Community last week and started Avatar right after. Haha
Never saw Avatar on Nick; Never had the chance to watch Community Season 6 on Yahoo Screen.

&#x200B;

Thank you, Netflix! 🙌
Literally my two favorite shows
I have recommended both shows to no less that 20 people since they came out on Netflix. Never just one either. It’s always both
It’s time we initiate protocol Omega 😢
I mean, I wouldn’t say Avatar’s fanbase got significantly wider, it being on Netflix just reinvigorated the fire.
Just finished TLA with my girlfriend today. It has got to be quite possibly the greatest animated show I have ever seen. It’s outstanding.
I'm an old-school community fan.

But I watched avatar for the first time in netflix and loved it.

I'm happy that people are feeling this way about community now
massive thanks to Netflix for introducing Community to me and countless others. I don't think I would have watched Community otherwise.
I hope legend of Korra get some love too if it ever be on Netflix.
Oh my God! Joshua was racist....
this picture sums up my quarantine
I feel more confident about the movie than ever before. Netflix and the recent table read is making me think some really good stuff is gonna happen here.
next stop regionals
[deleted]
Some of the best two shows I’ve watched, community being the best
The version of Community on Netflix is maybe different? I had the first episode pretty much memorized but there were certain lines of dialogue that were missing. I only watched part of the first episode, but when Jeff introduced himself to Britta he had a bit of dialogue, then spoke with the lunch lady afterwards and it was cut out. Also, the subtitle delivery was lacking because they removed the originals.

Since that was cut out, it makes me wonder what other scenes might be missing. But I don't want to have to go through the mental hoops of "Is that scene missing? Does it happen later? Did they cut it out?" so I'll just stick to watching it on Hulu for now.
This meme format got me to finish Community (I'd seen alta, so it was a rewatch).

Somewhere on the Bojack Horseman someone compared the 2 series pilot seasons and how it got better after, so that and my blossoming Alison brie infatuation, and now im streets ahead

Annie is still my favorite
I started watching Community on Thursday evening and finished binging it on Monday evening. I had an exam on Tuesday. I regret nothing
One Piece anime is now up on Netflix, just saying.
Loved both of these shows when they were airing! I'm jealous of all the people who get to binge them/binged them for the first time/ who have yet to do so.
Now they need to put Legend of Korra on Netflix
One Piece is next up
Wasn't community on Netflix a few years ago?
I feel like this is true for Community but Avatar always had that popularity. Everyone I know has seen or knew about Avatar before it came to Netflix.
YOU ONLY MADE US MORE AWESOME!!!
And Hannibal!
can any mods plot the sub growth before and after it hit netflix?? that would probably be awesome to look at.
I think some of you will like Lodge 49. If you have Hulu check it out.
Are you telling me avatar did not have such a big fanbase before?
Troy and Sokka in the morning!
*Butterfly in the sky, Aang can go twice as high* 🎵
I just rewatched Avatar, and before that I had just finished Community for the first time! Both are amazing shows.
Pop. Pop.
Me and my wife just started watching Community the night before our daughter was born. And now about a week later it's our wind down show after we put her to bed. 

We love it so much.
It was the Office before them, and now they’re getting the attention they deserve
Maybe we can get m night to do the community movie.
Lemme gatekeep real hard rn and say

Y'all are slow af, been watching these shows waaaaay loooo0nger  thatn you, I'm a real fan, I liiked it before it was coooool.

^^^^/s
Troy carving that additional notch in his notch collection was the moment Community was forever carved on my soul.
Initiate Protocol Omega.
Maybe people in real life will start getting some of my references now.
r/HannibalTV too!
Hulu gang
I've seen a lot of clips on Youtube and Facebook before, they always made me laugh. So when it was added on Netflix, it immediately shot up as my favorite sitcom more than how much I loved B99.
Perfect meme. I literally discovered both through Netflix and am extremely obsessed with both.
It’s true. I’ve watched Community since the first ep aired live, and i’m glad it’s getting a bigger audience since it came into Netflix. I started watching Avatar now that’s on Netflix.
The only two shows I need in my life. The two best written shows in all of history for completely different reasons.
I hope this happens to my favorite anime One Piece, it just got added
*having watched both shows years ago* I am 4 parallel universes ahead of u
Caught avatar as a kid but the art style/animation was a turn off compared to other anime, rewatching it now and it's definitely not my style, and they really distance their frames per second, but man why did I shit on this so much as a teenager, it's great.
It’s time to bring down the operation!!
I just got done watching Community during quarantine because I heard good things, and I did not disappoint. Just now learning Avatar is on Netflix. Thank you for letting me know!!
would you look at that, my two favourite shows
We've really got so many in a year??
Two amazing that really deserve the recent recognition
My dad got me all the seasons of Community on DVD for Christmas in 2018.  Really glad he did, went through a rough breakup around that time and man did watching Community help me feel better.  I’m happy more people are discovering it, even some of my friends have watched it since it’s been added.
I did start watching Community because of Netflix
Yeah. And the evidence is gone anyways.
Netflix needs 30 Rock & Always Sunny
Good, almost afraid we had become mainstream
Just watched them back to back, then arrested development (only the first three seasons, I heard the revival is meh) and they’re great, I’m glad I had so many people on the internet recommending them
In the NBA it’s gone”
Remove The Mighty Boosh from this list... I hope we can get shows like this back after all this. Love the movement, but lots of British Comedy is getting cancelled right now :(
Well I feel a lot less cool.

I just finished both of those
Never watched avatar until now, enjoying it.
These have been my two favorite shows for literal years and I cannot be happier.
Never watched community. My girlfriend suggested it because its one of her favourites.
Been watching it nearly everyday since a week and love it so much.
Another good sitcom on my list
But, I could have gone in a circle?
Literally just finished my rewatch! Oh, the tears.
Am I crazy in thinking Avatar was there before and left? I know I watched the whole series about 5 years ago on a streaming service.
Sounds more like a photoshop gone excellent
I’ll be honest, the thing that got me to watch Community was my friend HOUNDING me about watching for like a week. I finally gave in and started watching it. Love the show now, but it still throws me off that it’s on Netflix and Hulu cause I forget which one I watch it on so often
#sixseasonsandaMOVIE
Community got me through the last 5 weeks of the college semester while I was struggling to focus doing everything online. Online sucks but thanks community
Smh should have gone for Modest M-Rayquaza haha
Maybe it's just me but the only reason I started watching Community was because it was on netflix in Canada back when there was only two seasons out. A friend told me to watch it and I did and then I was along for the ride. 

Thanks to netflix back then and welcome to all the people starting to watch it because it's on netflix now.
Peppermints confused I’m gone from this sub?
I've gone skiing/snowboarding with purely plutonic friends before
My son just got to watch Avatar for the first time and I am reliving both. I watched Community from the Start, but never was able to do a rewatch until Netflix picked it up. The feels I have are amazing.
These are my two favourite shows
Finished community😢so sad
The Netflix marketing threads are getting more obvious.
Why did you choose that photo for avatar? It's not even the show is the book
We got Community here in Sweden and I rewatched all of it. I’ve never seen Avatar and I am itching to see it, but we didn’t get it here and I am so bummed.
Initiate Protocol Omega.
Make the movie a reality together!
Sadly avatar isn't available in my country
We've done it, you handsome bastard
I tried it, watched three episodes before tapping out.
Also Hannibal
Avatar the last airbender is a fucking masterpiece
thank god too i feel like ive been talking to a wall for too long
Netflix is just Btec yahoo screens
We've all been there. It sucks.
Except she’s ever really gone...

“Mesa BAAAACK!!!”
I'm confused, did Avatar somehow not have enough love before? I thought it was pretty widely lauded
Avatar ain't on netflix where I live
When did it come out on Netflix? I saw a clip of it on tiktok and just decided to check it out lol. Best decision of my life
I can't seem to find community on Netflix. i am in India btw.
Rewatching Avatar with my family, and I just started season 6 of Community last night!
The internet.

We've been 6 months from now!
Agree!! I'm so glad I found it on Netflix!! huhuhu
"I don't start watching shows until they're so popular that watching them is no longer a statement"
And Parasyte parasyte was added to netflix too that's a good one check it out if you haven't.
Six seasons and A MOVIE T.T
Part of me always wants to go back and watch the last two seasons, another part doesn't.
Two of my longtime favorites. Glad they’re getting the love they deserve. Can’t wait for Netflix’s Avatar series! Hopefully the renewed love of Community gets the movie moving along too!
Two of my favorite shows ever!
Yes and Knie aide Its Always sunny please
So true! I started watching this show recently on Netflix and my god it is good.
This speaks to me.
I just started watching both shows again. I loved watching community but didn’t really get into the last airbender, eventho I loved it as a kid.
Uses to see the community as a kid on tv and always would skip it cause i thought it was crappy. I regret it
[deleted]
These are my cure for Quarantine Blues
I'll be honest I finally joined the Avatar craze because of netflix, but was definitely on the Community wagon since "I'm as high as hell and you're about to get shot"
Can we get the movie already?! #sixseasonsandamovie
I own both on DVD but I love the fact that both are on Netflix. both shows deserve all the love they get! :D
Literally my two favorite shows. Both incredible ensemble casts, humor and pathos and all that jazz... you love to see it.
My sister recommended Community to me a couple of years ago but never got round to watching it, then when I saw it was on Netflix I decided to give it a go and thought it was great!
I'll add new girl to the pile for shows that community viewed might like. Its got some similar quirky and tender bits. When looking to fill that void it will do. Also I recommend Happy Endings.
I remember being so excited when I saw Community finally added to Netflix. I heard about it ages ago as a sorta' niche show, so it's nuts to me that's finally gotten it's spotlight. 

Glad it did though, the way it innovated on the whole sitcom trope really was fantastic.
Yes!
As a fan of both since both started airing, I feel so validated but also annoyed at all my friends asking, "HaVe YoU SeEn CoMmUnITy/AvAtAR????" after years of them telling me these shows are dumb.
Sadly I don’t have atla in my country but i binged Community 5 times already
Two favorite shows!
Butt stuff!!
ATLA was already huge before Netflix, but whatever, the Community one is pretty accurate, I discovered the show thanks to Netflix and I fell in love with it
I have introduced my wife to Community and my kids to ATLA over the last two months. my favorite show from my childhood and favorite show from adulthood!
But keep that LoK hot trash out of here.
If only Arrested development joined them
Imagine not being an Avatar fan pre-Netflix. smh.
I feel like I'm seeing the same memes over and over on the avatar sub.

Yes I know the show is still good, please stop posting about it
And maybe a movie 👀
Add Hannibal to this
The same thing happened when I watched them, too: I saw one episode and I was instantly hooked.
Is this an American thing? Both these shows have been on Canadian Netflix for years
Wait, when was avatar added to Netflix? I live in sweden and i can't find it.
Watching for the first time this week and I'm already in season 3, absolutely love this show!
Avatar sucks change my mind
RIP Advanced Dungeons and Dragons
So my brother noticed this but the Netflix version of community is shorter/ has less content than the hulu version. I haven't gone through every season but the first episode is very apparent. Hulu runtime: 25 min. Netflix runtime 21 min.
Yeah but reddit has sucked off AVatar for the 6 years I'be been here, DAE UNDERRATED DAE BEST CHARACTERS
Where was the Community love when we needed fans from keeping the show from being cancelled...twice. Oh, that’s right, they were watching The Big Bang Theory and thinking it was the good.
Honestly, I feel like these two will be the new Friends and The Office of the new decade. Like we're definitely gonna get a Community movie now, just like how we're gonna get a Friends reunion.
Okay but the Netflix community is the worse version compared with the hulu version of community.

It leaves out music and jokes that are iconic in the show, at least in the first season. I didnt continue past that point.
I wanna watch Avatar but I feel kind weird as a 35 year old auntie lol
Both shows were already massively mainstream though
Please don't compare Community to some fucking children's cartoon.
[deleted]
Looks like someone is taking Jeff's advice

I'm no politician I'm just a fella, I think that beer should be cold and boots should be dusty. I think 9-11 was bad. And freedom? Well I think that's just a little bit better.
I believe mankind need not be governed!
They don't want me to say what I'll do, they want me to *do* what I *say*.
Pop! 🙌🏿 Pop! 🙌🏿
READ MY LIPS!

**No matter what you’re told...**

**...we have to clean the mold!**
It is called a chiasmus!

A chiasmus is when a sentence has a roughly A B B A structure. 

You can repeat words: “she wanted men who were gentle, and gentle men who were brave”. 

Or you can have words of a similar theme: “the days blazed but were followed by frozen nights”. (Days-blazed-frozen-nights)
“You can’t make yourself sound smart just by changing the order of the words around”

“Oh I can’t, cant I?”
Oh it would be nice... if I could be on MTV
So it's like the slow descending ramp from R&M?
My platform would be one high enough to push Vicky off to her death.
*Even his shadow!* I know this isn’t that scene, I just like saying it.
Like Jeff, these Harvard scientists are completely right!
I literally watched this episode 10 minutes ago. Get outta my Head!
Here’s my audition!
It's my sister's outfit.
You must learn to master your rage…
I feel like the Harvard expert's sentence makes perfect sense though. A lot of Americans are done caring about the pandemic, but it's still going to infect people.
Classic Winger right there
And that's the winger guarantee!
B storyline is Abed’s mic
“the book says, we may be through with the past, but the past isn't through with us” — Magnolia
You piece of sh.it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/comments/had6dy/harvard_expert_we_may_be_done_with_the_pandemic/fv3g853/
In my after communtiy head cannon jeff and annie becomes a spokesman for the FBI and the two reconect.
For his closing statement, he's going to hit a watermelon with a hammer.
No matter what we do,
*WE HAVE TO BEAT THE FLU*
You gotta love Jeff Winger ❤️
I just saw this!
Is there a sub for that? Phrases that flips words? My favorite is a book called The Happiness of Pursuit.
Is there a technical term for this kind of phrase
Remember the prophecy at the end of the episode...
And the book says: “we may be done with the past, but the past is not done with us”
The real answer is they don’t discriminate
*This is the second innovation on their list?
Looks like Spongebob is having a heated gamer moment
Really ? Looks like a shot from Silver!
Looks accurate to me. That's no tailgate peppering.
Looks like passata to me. Whodathunkit.
That is enameled steel. It is misery.
Surely the existence of the English is, ironic.
Dude, don’t think “aged” is appropriate.
Wingding at Wingers?
I’m just here to get back at Vicky for not lending me a pencil
No matter what you're told, we have to clean the mold!
If you like it, you’re talking about!
Looks epic, one of the party too
Sounds like your spouse would be taking on.
It just seems redundant to me. Any advice?
whenever someone mentions a toaster it makes me sick
I like to skateboard!
Looks like things have calmed downtown compared to the USA before COVID-19 but it really changed how i accessed books.
solid dating advice right there. Are you sure? :)
Mofo looks like he lives in the past
Pop  Pop!
And now "Faith" is stuck in my head all day. Thanks a lot.
Man the whole "reverse the words to sound clever" thing is a real pet peeve of mine, especially when someone thinks they've just coined some profound proverb.
Ask not what your student body president can do you you, ask instead what you can do for your student president’s body
"I might not have a right arm, but I'm armed with what's right"
He did go to Columbia...
I simply wanna run on a platform high enough to push Viki off of... To her death.
Cheers! M *A *S* H
48 Hours game over
This is a legit tactic for convincing people of something
 [/u/mmbbot](https://www.reddit.com/u/mmbbot/) 5
This episode was so good
