For those of you comparing these protests to Boston 1773, take a look at these pictures and tell me how this is patriotic to you? That is The Capitol Building.

Tired of reporting this thread? Debate us on discord instead: https://discord.gg/conservative - This is an automated message that appears when probable report abuse is detected. We've found this can lead to a productive discussion in an environment better suited for that sort of thing.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[I haven’t seen this one floating around all that much, which is a shock to me.](https://imgur.com/a/LXOQbkC)
I hope these idiots realize that they’ve condemned themselves to federal prison for posting these photos online.
I support the right to protest, not the right to be a thieving douchebag
Take it in folks: the death of the gop.
Make fun of Hilary supporters for crying when she lost, and then literally storming the Capitol when Trump loses?.. Probably the same dumb fucks who donated to pay for Trumps “fraud” legal fees. Millions of dollars donated to a self proclaimed billionaire.
An absolute disgrace.
Stealing is not patriotic by any means.
https://i.imgur.com/e2s7UXT.png

Bro brought zip ties. I guess he intended to take some hostages?
how bad is security at that place? Like just any crazy group of people can take it over? *while* congress is in session???
Looks like a thief to me
These people single handedly set back the conservative movement. This will be played on repeat for years. Chances of flipping the house in 2022 just got significantly harder. The media will use this shit forever
I am hoping the big dick of the law screws them over hard. Inexcusable with what they did
Of all the times to not wear a mask, this is one of the times you should definitely be wearing one lol
[removed]
Agreed. Fuck anybody who participated in this shit.

Edit: Quit with the Trump replies. I’m not a Trump supporter. If Trump doesn’t come out and condemn it, then I absolutely have a grievance with him. I’ve been criticizing his actions throughout this whole election denial shit.
I find it odd that the riotera were capable of even breaching the capitol. The government knew for days this protest was scheduled how could security be so lax?
To the people saying, "well Antifa did the same thing" or whatever, I have a piece of important advice I received from my parents at an early age.

**TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT.**  Nothing good comes from this.
Annnnnnnnnnnd we're fucked.

Great job dipshits, all you did was hurt Conservatives in this
Hopefully we have seen the end of the ridiculous if you don’t support Trump you aren’t a real conservative or Republican threads and opinion pieces.
95% of Americans are fine, its the 5% on the extreme left and right that fuck everything up. these assholes are part of the 5%
I think we can all come together and condemn these hooligans. Neither side wants them. I certainly don't.

They're not conservatives, that's for sure.
Dumbasses
Libertarian Party is looking a whole lot better now a days..
Trump's movement is toast.  Good luck trying to unite the party behind this crap.  Fighting doesn't mean everyone is your freaking enemy because you didn't get your own way.  

Trump's policies and the gains he made in minority communities are good lessons Republicans can't ignore, but that's not a movement.  It's necessary realignment.  Whatever Trump the person stood for I want none of it.
I'm firmly ideologically conservative, but haven't aligned with the Republican party in a long time. This kind of shit is why. We have become so divided that we now have this. BLM and Antifa burn cities and take over swaths of cities, these assholes take over the House. What have we become?
What a bunch of idiots.
seriously.

i had a friend just compare the Revolution to this stupid protest. It's so fucking dumb.
Disgusting. This isn’t conservatism, this is rioting and making all conservatives look awful.
Guys, I'm no Biden fan either but for God's sake, these people are nothing but a bunch of hooligans. No different than those BLM rioters.
Take a hard look on social media at the individuals we have the daily misfortune of counting among us as fellow citizens. America cannot succeed when Americans act like that
[deleted]
idiots making all republicans look bad, they are no better than the looters
[deleted]
I’m pro-revolution but not over an election. Let’s have a real reason. Like taxation without legitimate representation. Politicians aren’t representing the people anymore, they represent their own interests. America was never supposed to be like this.
[deleted]
It’s hooliganism
[deleted]
Any asshat still peddling MASS election fraud in this sub needs to wake the F up. It’s making our side look stupid. You need to watch news other than Newsmax and OANN.
[removed]
Sick of the pearl clutching, no I’m not going to stop talking because someone stole some chunk of wood or a podium.  Give me a break.  This is orders of magnitude less than actual riots on private property that I was told to ignore.
Sedition charges for anyone that broke into the building. Bastards. 


Attempting to overthrow the government by force should not be tolerated.
[removed]
[deleted]
They have insurance.
It would’ve been more honorable if trump went to the capitol himself to advocate for himself
I don’t condone this in the least, but while those want to pile on “the people” (rightly so in some cases), whether in Portland, Kenosha, or DC... politicians on both sides of the aisle are culpable along with Big Tech/Social Media for the polarization of our politics and societal culture. Civil debate and disciplined tolerance are a faded memory. Politics has become the embodiment of a blood sport nowadays. God help our Republic.
Do they send in the national guard or something?
The left is going to have a field day with this.
[deleted]
It's not and this more than democratic control of the senate will guarantee 8 years of democratic control.

Its a bunch of out of control hoodlums who are just causing trouble and making republicans look bad. Want republicans to splinter? This is how you do it.
Disgusting
I'm curious about what other conservatives think of the videos recorded at Capitol Hill that show two things:

1. Capitol security pushing barricades out of the way, with no pushback to rioters, thereby giving the rioters access to the building

2. Once inside, the rioters chatting nonchalantly with Capitol police and one rioter even taking a selfie with one

None of that makes a lick of sense, especially given the violence that erupted after. It's the U.S. Capitol, a historic site where (sometimes) important work is done for this country. You would think it would be heavily guarded and with great effort with a protest in process. Yet, it seems the people guarding it weren't doing their job not only to the best of their ability, but AT ALL.
Well this didnt age well hahaha
Jfc how pathetic. Fuck those people
[removed]
These are the chambers of rich elites who have taken everything from Americans.

I'm not going to beg for them. I won't endorse violence against them, but our congress is about as corrupt as it gets, democrats and republicans.
What does it being the capitol have to do with it, at the end of the day it’s where assholes meet to waste time and the American taxpayers money all the While getting paid far to much themselves
Mob of brutes with no brain. They should be tried with treason.
In Boston they dressed up as Indians as a joke. The Boston Tea Party was way more childish than this.
Where were these protests for everything the government has done to us?  NSA spying?  Ridiculous amount of taxes?  Endless scandals in our government?

This shows that there is more of us than them.  Let’s do this for when the situation warrants it.  The election wasn’t stolen, their motive here is stupid but it shows that we should, and that we can, fight for our rights before they are gone.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
While I disagree with fucking around in the cap building, these pictures aren't particularly provoking.
[removed]
1773 was probably called treason in the UK and some kind of law enforcement/military response initiated.
Is this Trumps fault? Conservative fault? Just the protesters faults?

Who hangs for this?

Was the election stolen?

Should the American citizens be replaced by drones?
[deleted]
http://sites.fas.harvard.edu/~hsb41/Tea_Museum/tea_resistance/rebellion/tea002.jpg


This is literally from the Boston tea tax protests.
[removed]
[removed]
Yes, this one picture embodies half the country.  Stop clutching at straws please
I'm not going to praise what they did, because honestly that was stupid, but let's not act like the Dems didn't just spend six months looking the other way at BLM and Antifa burning down cities, but one hour in the Capitol and they're screaming about how Trump supporters are terrorists. Universal standard people, either it's okay for both sides, or it's not okay at all.
I’m embarrassed to call myself a conservative/republican today.
If he is such an anarchist why is he walking between the rope barriers?
[removed]
I don’t see the tens of thousands of protestors inside there, only a fraction of stupid radicalists that make America look bad. Charge those people in these pictures and whoever is an accomplice to this stupidity, but leave our movement alone.
Absolutely disgusting and unacceptable. No patriot would riot. These people are not patriots. They are anything but
Fucking assholes making all of us look bad
That dude in pelosi’s chair is hilarious tho lmao
Ummm...  I must be missing something but these photos show people... standing there...  

Where’s the violence?  Where’s the assaults?  Where’s the looting?  Where’s the property destruction?  I was told that these people were literally terrorists and that antifa/blm were the most angelic peaceful people ever who never did nuttin wrong.  So what are we missing here?
[removed]
Guatemala burned down their own capitol building in protest of corruption.  This is pretty tame in comparison.  I certainly don't see any Antifa graffiti scrawls on the walls.
These people need to serve prison time just like anyone who breaks into a federal building and destroys property.
https://i.imgur.com/BXZSfh4.jpg 

I’ll just leave this here.

EDIT: Turns out that image was cropped, he is a Trump supporter. Thanks for the nice messages correcting it, no thanks for the not so nice messages. 

https://twitter.com/ggontheinternet/status/1346939644261371906?s=20
I mean we did technically pay for this building
I'm sure if they had cameras back then we'd have goofy pictures like this from the Boston Tea Party.
That third photo is fine by me, in reference to 1773. The political powers that be are MEANT to be scared of what can happen. That's why the Second Amendment exists. It's why the British were overthrown. The others are jokes though. If your idea of political disruption is a photo op and thievery, then you're a piece of shit. If those idiots are snatched up and beaten by the cops for such antics, I'm fine with it.
[removed]
These guys did in 1 day what antifa couldnt in 30 lol
I don't disagree that this was a stupid and unorganized event. What I hate is the hypocrisy of everyone (Republicans, Democrats, media, etc) who were completely and totally silent about the 2016 election riots. I guess this one is different because they're pro Trump and dared to approach the house of the elites
Compared to burning countless flags, chanting about killing people, and burning down 1500+ buildings? Sit sheep.
[https://imgur.com/a/dO9jL16](https://imgur.com/a/dO9jL16)
You can't control the actions of every individual in this assembly, however the general act of protesting this corrupt government is nothing less than patriotic. This has nothing to do with Trump, this has everything with it no longer being overlooked that GOP and Dems are on the same side. The side of the elites.
This is rage against the machine.  Funny how the members of rage are voting for the machine these days.
MORONS
O yea look how violent those people taking selfies are.
Disgusting!
This is embarrassing to me, and I voted for Trump. Makes us all look bad in the eyes of the media and to all Democrats
[deleted]
That’s what BLM and the MSM told us was patriotic. Why are you mad at us for listening and being more progressive?
Why be respectful to a building full of people both democrat and republican that have been fucking us for decades to get rich? The capital building doesn't stand for anything that America was founded for anymore.
Can we start a go fund me for their legal fees just like the BLM/antifa riots?
This is the final straw, I’ll never vote Republican again

Edit: lol at you leftist pansies awarding this comment, it was a joke lmao!
Is that guy literally wearing a fuck trump shirt? The one on the ground?
Lmao this is so dumb honestly. At least they haven’t starting looting local business and so far it seems like it’s only gov property but still it’s wicked trashy
[removed]
So you're saying you wouldn't have had a problem if they had trashed and looted the place and burned it to the ground?
Dude in the 4th pic... Too funny.
I know this photo will be turned into a meme and want to see how it will be used
[removed]
I don't know if I associate with anyone anymore after this, fuck everyone just make money
I don’t even know if this was political...this is just insane rage!  Jesus Christ I’ve never seen anything like this!
This really set us back. A bunch of young hot heads just screwed us over. Senators and representatives that were going to object to the shady electors totally reversed stance after this happened. These morons just couldn’t sit tight and see how the process went before they lost their cool. And, now, nothing at all will be done to address the issue or secure future elections. 

It’s pretty unfair. The left has been burning and looting and vandalizing cities all year and those in power didn’t care to do anything about it and the powers that be and the media even claimed it was justified. Both Biden and Harris made statements supporting the riots. But, this is now the biggest calamity to ever hit America. And, that kind of one sided crap is wrong. 

But, the world isn’t fair. Sometimes you have to deal with unfair, stay calm, and work to achieve your goals. If you’re not on the left, you simply can’t hope to go off halfcocked and think it’s all going to be ok.

The one thing the right had going for it was that, although we are deplorables and racists and fascists, we didn’t go around busting crap up. We were rational and law abiding people. 

Now, we are all going to be condemned by the actions of a small portion of the people that went down for the protest. And, since we aren’t the left, no one will say it was justified or mostly peaceful ( although, it mostly was; especially composted to what went on all year).

I’m pretty pissed at these people for screwing us up because they just couldn’t keep their cool and stay the course long enough to see if congress was actually going to do anything about election security or not. I hope they’re happy knowing they threw us to the wolves
Disgusting behaviour, never forget to condemn looting and rioting, no matter who does it.
I’m really starting to lean more moderate.  Both parties are acting childish.  This is total bullshit.  As much as I dislike the liberals, there is need to stoop down to their level.  Politics in general these days are total crap.  It’s all about ratings.  Politicians have their heads too far in the clouds.  I don’t know much about Dan Crenshaw, but he seems cool and down to earth.
Where was this energy months ago? Eh? Seen so many call out the destruction of federal property when nothing was said before
[deleted]
The best perspective in regards to this I found from /r/GoldandBlack:

____________________________________

The most startling thing about the commentary surrounding this is the lamentation of scaring elected officials and damaging a government building as if that's the cornerstone of what makes America great. By comparison, it was a fringe, unacceptable position this summer to condemn the destruction of small businesses which **literally are** what makes America great - enterprising people who support themselves and their families by serving their communities.

And of course by "over the summer" I mean in regards to BLM protests. That's not even beginning to touch on the government response to the pandemic. That's a similar scary parallel where it has been viewed as virtuous to rat on your neighbors for trying to make a living or having a party, closing others' businesses via threat of force is the status quo, and a non-elected government official who outright lies to the American people was celebrated as a hero.
What's the point of posting a bunch of cherry-picked images? Sure, there's a bunch of idiots, is that really news?
The guy in the 2nd pic was spotted at a blm protest in Arizona!!!! Here’s the pic https://imgur.com/a/D3UWw3P
why do i get the feeling /r/Conservative is being astroturfed by /r/politics.  

I guess I am always the conspiracy nut.
The election is now being called for Buffalo hat guy then?
It’s absolutely disgusting. Certainly not helping the conservative movement either
Welp, time to leave this sub. It’s become a leftist cesspool just like r/libertarian
Dissent has always been a necessary ingredient of change. But in a system of Government that allows and provides for peaceful change, there is no cause that justifies a resort to violence. The first civil right of every American is to be free of violence within our Nation.
[deleted]
These people don't represent me. Put them in jail with all the criminals from the BLM protests.
I think it’s time we on this subreddit finally denounce trump. He’s been a good president for 3 years but these past few months have been embarrassing
This is straight up shameful. Arrest them all.
The security was fine, unless you wanted the crowd massacred.
[removed]
What is that guy wearing in picture 2 on the speaker seat?
I do see some similarities. People loosing their shit and going sideways.
Why didn’t the DC police try to do anything?

Why were these guys allowed to rampage around?
I didn’t vote for Trump in 2016 because I knew crap like this was going to happen.
Do you guys see how easily manipulated you are by narrative and MSM? Its sad
I am very disappointed by these people.  I expected better.  This is the behavior of the left, antifa, BLM, socialists.  Not us.
I was with Trump because I thought we were the good guys. I’m not only disappointed; I’m saddened beyond anything. I’m not gonna give up my conservative ideals, but I think I need to lay low for a while in order to not get stoned or something
Trash behavior knows every political affiliation.
To be fair, that hairy shirtless guy is just trying to stand up for werewolf, wookie and/or hairy thing independence.
This is what happens when the government no longer stands for the people. I sympathize with them.
[deleted]
Yes, how DARE protesters go inside the Capitol building, or where Congressmen/Senators are working, or gather outside at the very doors of places like the Supreme Court.

Dems NEVER did that during Kavanaugh protests. Reps have crossed a line and must be held accountable!

/s

https://www.eastidahonews.com/2018/10/more-than-300-protesters-arrested-as-kavanaugh-demonstrations-pack-capitol-hill/

> Nearly 300 protesters were arrested at a US Senate building on Thursday afternoon as crowds of activists descended on Capitol Hill while lawmakers reviewed the FBI’s report on the allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.

>Protesters gathered in the Hart Senate Building atrium after US Capitol Police barricaded the front of the Capitol.
The hilarious thing is 99% if conservatives condemn this bullshit but if blm did it probably about 60% of liberals would support it
I saw they took down an American flag and replaced it with a maga flag. Completely disgraceful. If Trump had a shred of honor he would resign. Fucking disgusting.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Is that Richard Branson?
This is a huge no no. This is just as bad as the BLM riots
Lock them up. This is not the way.
These idiots are looters, nothing more...
Couldn't care less. Democrats burn cities and I'm supposed to care about the swamp being disturbed? Lol. Hard pass.
Biden needs to start his term understanding that almost half the country thinks he's illegitimate.
In one case, protestors are hurting their fellow citizen and in the other, its a clear point being made about a groups disappointment with the government because they invaded the Capital. Both sides feel as if they had been cheated, but one hurts their fellow citizens while the other tries to hurt the ruling power. 

One group represents freedom while the other represents tyranny. It’s not hard to tell which is which
Not at all Patriotic. This literally disrupted what they worked the last 2 months to achieve with hearing their objections nationally. Absolutely moronic.
I am actually pretty sure there was looting back then lol, how else did all that british shit disappear? Out with the old in with the new baby
first guy is a legend.
Big fucking deal. They sat in a chair. They took some pictures. I see the statues are still standing. I see the walls are not marred by graffiti. I see guys smiling, not screaming at law enforcement. And I see a bunch of cowards hiding under their chairs. 

Let them eat cake, I guess.
[removed]
Must've been some of them *agent provocateurs* the left was seeing all summer.
How is it patriotic? It’s the single most anti-establishment event that’s happened in how many years now? It’s our building, our government, our tax money, and our power. If you want my honest opinion, I think the left is a little jealous at how powerful and strong we are. Their “political revolution” does nothing but fill Bernie’s pockets.

They shouldn’t have fought with police and god bless the woman that was unfairly shot and killed. But it’s about time we stand up to the people that dictate our lives with seemingly no regret or care.
Seems pretty clear to me that many of the people that made it inside love America and didn’t really know what they were doing.  You see a lot of the people inside clearly just wandering around aimlessly and taking pictures.  Definitely some exceptions though.  You can see their conversations with the capitol police as well.  Surprisingly tame.  If they were antifa the statues would have been destroyed and the building would have been torn to shreds and burnt to the ground.

The should be prosecuted, but I think the law will come down on most of them harder than it should.  This is a public building that they own as citizens and should generally have a right to.  Those that didn’t destroy any property shouldn’t get much more than a slap on the wrist.
[deleted]
AP Has called the election for Joe Biden

Tired of reporting this thread? Debate us on discord instead: https://discord.gg/conservative - This is an automated message that appears when probable report abuse is detected. We've found this can lead to a productive discussion in an environment better suited for that sort of thing.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 feel bad for SNL officially out of material as of january
Come on, man!
#NotMyPresident, Literally, im European
[deleted]
Guess those boarded up stores can open back up.
the fact this has 86 awards tells me everything I need to know about reddit
What’s up with all the awards on this post?
Is this sub just straight up not loading for everyone else?
Is it weird that I don’t have the urge to burn down a Wendy’s?
Can't believe I just lost my guns in a boating accident. Can anyone help me cope?

Edit: A concerned redditor reached out about me. Thanks liberal!
2022 should be fun
I hope Biden is serious when he claims to want to unite the country.
Wooo 4 years of making fun of a liberal president!  About time all the TV shows found something to talk about other than Trump.
Rememeber friends that we believe in democracy and not burning our community down.
[deleted]
A whole bunch of late night “comedians” just lost their jobs.
Funny how the rest of Reddit wants so bad for this sub to be crying and bitching but everything but that’s not the case whatsoever.
Alright conservatives, let's start our riots! /s 

Edit: may as well remove the /s now, nice one guys.
It's about to become unpatriotic again to criticize the president.
I'm so angry. I'm gonna get out of bed tomorrow. Storm to my car. And go about my day as usual.


Half the dems responding to this saying: thank you for being a rational person.

The other half saying: well *your* rights weren't being attacked under the trump administration so you wouldn't understand.
I'm going to pray that he remains alive and well because we cannot survive a Harris presidency
The pictures of these people celebrating in large groups without masks basically sums up the past 9 months perfectly.

Edit- if you aren't flared I can't see your comments in the thread to reply. I will say out of the previews I've seen its at least 50/50 of liberal approval/dissatisfaction with the mass gatherings celebrating.
I'm  old enough to remember when the media called 2000 for Al Gore.
[deleted]
#Election commissions declare winners. 

Not the media.
[deleted]
So if this goes to court and they rule in favor of DJT, there will be most certainly be complete civil unrest... got it. Thanks media.
Get ready for an influx of boating accidents.
I see a lot of posts in other subs saying “I can’t believe so many people would vote for a racist” or some version of that statement. If Republicans/conservatives have not figured it out already, this argument will not end with Donald trump. If you remember the Romney campaign, it was flooded with racist accusations and false claims. It does not matter the person, a democrat inherently views any republican policy as being racist, there for any republican politician is racist. I think republicans and their supporters need to continue to break this trope and can even take away a couple learning from Donald trump. Don’t bow to the woke mob, don’t apologize for slights that a normal person would not find offensive. Etc.
I do think that this result was inevitable barring a complete miracle. I wish Biden the best of luck, I think the democrats are entering unknown territory with their party so divided. Someone is going to lose in that power struggle, and I think it will be the progressives. Here's to hoping we can maintain the senate.
Flair me so I can talk shit these next 4 years about this administration lol
The media can’t call the election. People can get as excited or angry as they want to, but President Trump has filed a legal protest with the Federal Elections Commission regarding the election process- just as Al Gore did in 2000. 

The election isn’t over until due process regarding Trump’s legal filing is resolved in Court and The Federal Election Commission declares a winner. 

In 2000 it was finalized on December 14th.  This is just irresponsible behavior by the media. It’s unfortunate honestly, because it could lead to unnecessary rioting and violence against innocent people.

If you believe Biden won or Trump won, let the system do it’s job and remain calm in the confidence that your candidate will be declared President. Live your life and let others who have contrary political views go about their business until a decision is reached. That’s how the system is supposed to work and should work. At the end of the day we’re not Republicans or Democrats. We’re Americans. The world is watching. Let’s set the bar high.
AP doesn’t matter. Until the election commission calls the race for Biden, he has not won.

Edit: Changed committee to commission.
Well at least my city won’t get looted and literally burned to the ground by angry liberals tonight, so that’s a plus.
Well at least the democrats have turned off coronavirus for the remainder of these celebrations
I hope that he succeeds, because I hope our country succeeds.

Edit:  I guess I should say that I am a conservative who voted for Trump and I really do not want Joe’s policies or the loss of our freedoms (I’m very conservative), but I just want our country to succeed because that means that we succeed.

Edit:  **If you’re not flaired (ironically, like me), I can’t respond to your comment - so you can message if you’d like.**

Edit:  Also to those who messaged me about it, I do know that Democrats didn’t give us this response last time.  It does suck, but oh well.  Let’s do better.
It’s pretty sad that literally no one voted for Biden because they liked him or his policies, but voted for him solely because they hated Trump
#r/conservative PLEASE MAKE A LIVE THREAD.
Kamala is president in less than 1 year. Book it
Congrats to China! 

/s
Look at all the Biden celebration super spreader events. :p
[removed]
We need a fucking election thread r/conservative like the last 4 days. This is fucking boring
All of sudden COVID doesn’t mean a thing to these people....
The good news: covid, racism, BLM, and ANTIFA are over!
The most annoying part about this is all the leftist calling for unity and civility, as if they haven't been the most bigoted, vile, mean little crybaby cu ts for the last four years hurling insults at Trump and everybody that didn't have an irrational, seething hatred for the man.

Fuck civility, they voted for a senile child molester and a racist bigot communist, fuck them.
Called it for Gore too lol
Also, how can we unite under a president and his party that has spent the last 4 years calling us all racists and fascists
[removed]
Am i on r/politics?
You know what phase hasn’t been uttered in the media since Tuesday?  “Foreign interference”

Apparently the Russians were only interfering if Trump won.
It's time the nation moved on and got down to the difficult process of trunalimunumaprzure.
Is this sub being brigaded?
[deleted]
Shit, no wonder you guys go flaired users only.
Not my president

/s
The most rewarding job right now is the guy that gets to tell Joe Biden that he is President every morning.
Guess we should start protesting and rioting right?

/s because I know some people will try and pretend I'm serious
I’ll concede when Trump concedes.
[deleted]
I missed the part in the constitution that says the Media gets to elect the President.
Look, I know people are hoping for America to reunite, but I doubt that is happening anytime soon. Conceding and bowing down to the angry mob is not gonna happen. As much as I wish we could reunite, AOC basically created an online list of Trump supporters deeming us as literal enemies of the state. 

Look at their behavior. Their rhetoric on hatred. Those silly DM's they send us all the time only because we live in this thread. 

You think they want to reunite with us? Think again. This will be very dark for America's future. 

I really wish everyone just put aside their differences.

EDIT: I got DM's saying that they are proud that they hate us and love division. You r/politics people are seriously morons.
Is Covid over now? People are gathering in masses across the country. How will the MSM blame Trump for the next spike? Republicans going in person to vote?
LOL, NC is not decided yet right? They are going to find 100k votes for Cunningham at this point and hand the Dems the Senate as well.
Jesus Christ what has happened to this subreddit this week???  Is it just brigades or something?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why are large crowds suddenly okay again? I can’t gather with more than 10 people in RI or face a potential fine but thousands can gather in the streets?
Additionally it's funny that the same party that cried Russia and fraudulent election for 4 years has now decided that since the AP projects Biden all questions of fraud and/or vote counts must be ceased immediately.

After all you wouldn't want to threaten our democracy or political unity by questioning legitimate election results!
Well, at least now COVID is over
You guys remember when the news declared [Al Gore](http://imgur.com/a/1Emk7OB) President?
Did everyone hear that the Covid pandemic has ended today?
[removed]
I work in media, it's how I make my livelihood, and I would absolutely love seeing the entire apparatus burn to the ground.
So when do I get to loot my 70" flat screen because i dont like the results?
I don't think there was enough voter fraud to make a difference and win the election for Donald Trump, but I still think they need to investigate all potential voter fraud regardless. The longer it goes unchecked, the more people are going to do it.
Are we still worried about Russian election interference, or was that only a concern when Trump was in contention?

I haven’t hear that term mentioned all week.
After the most oppressive and depressing year, I can’t believe America elected Joe “Dark winter” Biden. 

Things are lookin bleak y’all
Don’t let the awards fool you. Communist gaslighting brigade.
So, now that America has learned, /s, and voted for Biden, does that mean I'm no longer a racist bigot? 

I didn't vote for him, tbc
This threads looking real conservative /s
Any tips on looting? I’ve never done this before.
I live in DC on a busy street close to the Zoo.  There's been nonstop honking and cheering outside my balcony from passing cars.  This is actually how I first found out that the election was called.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Looks like the covid pandemic has been paused by the media/left so they can celebrate Biden's win in mass gatherings.

I can't go to church on Sunday but dancing in the streets with thousands of people? The virus understands.
Dems going to be upset when their lives remain miserable.
5 minutes before the Trump press conference.. Gee that's convenient
How did he win with all these litigations and lawyers in the battleground states? How? No.
I thought that since there is litigation and recounts that there can’t be a call. Unless I’m wrong. Just because the associated press Called the presidency doesn’t mean it’s true.
I don’t have a problem with Trump losing the election. But I can’t say I don’t have a problem with all of of the suspicious bullshit that occurred leading up to this. Hopefully the republicans spend the next 4 years investigating this and occupying the Democrats the same way they’ve been doing to Trump for the past 4 years.
Crazy how many awards this thread could get on a “conservative” thread 🧐... 

Hopefully the rightful winner wins 😉
MAGA
My dad is watching the BBC and this reporter is straight up browbeating female Trump supporters about what it's going to take to get them to accept Biden as president. Did the media ever do this shit on Trump's behalf back in 2016?? lmao
Isn’t Trump contesting? Why not wait for recount?
Media announcement does not in any way equal an official win. Let’s not forget that the media was also saying Biden would win by large margins just a week ago. 

Many things will go to court and time will tell weather or not this will be certified.
I’m unflaired but even I know this should be a flaired thread. Just a billion downvotes in every comment and it will be completely unproductive.
News outlets don't decide the presidency.
Are there any rational thinkers left in this sub that realize there are going to be recounts in several states and multiple lawsuits pending or do all of you just think that the media decides who wins the election?
Oh wow, no riots! If Trump won, those petty fuckers would be rioting in the streets. Take note of how adults deal with election results, you liberal twats.
Media doesn't get to call the election. The people do.
Reading Biden's speech with subtitles in a sports bar.

Some things worth objecting too, but by and large, it's a reasonable theme and explains whatever appeal he actually has.  His theme of unity, of treating his opponents as Americans, of healing, certainly won't persuade me to ever be a democrat, but I wish to Christ it had been Trump's message for four years.  The themes of this speech should have been Trump's since January 2017, and if you can't see that, you can't see how Biden could have possibly won this election legitimately.  His use of the Bible verses on everything having a season was brilliant.  

Trump had some stupid stupid advisors out the gate, Bannon is a doofus, and he easily could have given his version of this type of speech.  Yeah, Left would have rejected it, so what.  This election shows the center almost always wins.   Be reasonable.  

Now, Biden's gonna have a problem, because the progressives ain't having any of this.  It will be interesting how his battle with the Left.  In my lifetime, two Democrats have won the presidency in 1992 and 2008, and now 2020.  In both 92 and 08, the GOP took the house and senate two years later.  

The American people doesn't want the Left.   But they don't want divisive personalities either, whether Hillary or Trump.  Take that to heart, and adjust accordingly moving forward.  Trump taught republicans how to fight, now the time is to fight with wisdom, long term strategy, and decency.
I don’t care if you voted for him. But when your taxes begin to skyrocket, your 1st and 2nd amendments start to go out the door, and many  promises do not get fulfilled... I don’t want to hear any complaining. 

You get what you vote for.
Just read a company patented by Soros created this election software
Lol at liberals who send the suicide hotline via DM. We’re not weak like you.
[deleted]
Dang. Alright, time to crack a cold one before work.
Flaired users my ass .  This post is brigaded big time .
[deleted]
I'm skeptical and will wait for the courts to rule. Seems awfully odd they stretched it out this long only to blitzkrieg calling three states at the same time on a Saturday afternoon.

Frankly, the media has not earned my trust, especially given the last few weeks.
I’m about done with this so called “conservative” sub. Allowing the brigading and mass posts of “Biden wins” before the votes are actually counted and certified is a joke.
[deleted]
So if this goes to court and they rule in favor of DJT, there will be most certainly be complete civil unrest... got it. Thanks media.
Does anyone want get on a titanic, bring all ours guns, and hope we dont have another boating accident where we lose all our guns again?
Not worried about a predictable media call. Half of the country didn't accept Trump as president and there's mountains more evidence of voter fraud in a week than ever came out in the years they spent digging through the Russia hoax. Wait for the legal proceedings.
Yes, they have **called** the election. Far different than what the yahoo headline claims. It says "Biden Defeats Trump". That is just more fake news.
If by some miracle this result holds, I would love to see what the democrat platform is without the orange boogeyman. They literally campaigned on four years of pure vitriol against Trump and didn't do jack shit in the interim. With Trump out of the way, what are they going to do that isn't going to piss off the American people and lose them the house and more seats in the senate? They got nothing.
Does anyone have a source for the 100k spike in the Biden votes in Wisconsin?

Edit: Found it

https://twitter.com/fivethirtyeight/status/1323957535628558337?s=21
Good thing the AP is not in charge.
The media doesn't decide elections
Why would they do this when they’re in the process of recounts??
Oh, now I remember, in the Constitution it says that the dominant media outlets are in charge of calling the election, its in there right after our right to cable TV and free healthcare.
Listen, if you guys have mentally moved on from the Presidential Election and have accepted President Biden, that's fine and legit. I'm pretty much there as well.

But there's too many people here hoping for 2024 and showing faith in the Democratic process. You guys are getting way too far ahead of yourselves. 

Georgia's 2 Senate races are on the line, and it's likely winner takes all. And believe me the Dems are going to be fired up, they are already marshaling their formidable ground game that helped them win the Presidential election.

The Dems are precariously close to taking the Senate.

DO NOT FORGET what they threatened. Abolishing the filibuster, packing the courts. They can add DC and PR as states adding 4 Dem Senators and blue house seats.

Not to mention all this radical legislation they will be able to pass.
[deleted]
Yeah they said the same for Gore in 2000
The news “stay at home, distance yourself from others, and for the love of all that is good and holy do not gather in large groups.” Also the news “wow look at all these people gathering to celebrate Biden’s victory.”
How is half the country blind to this hypocrisy?
TIL that the constitution has been amended and journalists get to call elections.
I hope the leftists lurkers in here can learn a lesson. When you lose, you don’t have to smash and burn buildings to the ground. You don’t have to go assault people. I pray our nation will succeed and he will do what’s best for us Americans.
i saw a post titled “invest in crying snowflake” over on meme economy, picture of woman trump supporter crying, had like 30k upvotes. crazy how they’re acting like that wouldn’t be the left if trump won, it already happened 4 years ago when hilary lost LOL. All they’ve been doing is bitching and fucking crying these last 4 years, the hypocrisy is insane.
Is basically everyone giving up on legal action and recounts that are by hand?
[deleted]
Congratulations to president elect Biden
[removed]
IMO, A Joe Biden presidency probably means a Kamala Harris presidency. And I think that guarantees Republicans the White House and the Senate in 2024, the radical left gives us a good shot at the house too. This year, Lots of Democrats lost their seats because of the radicals in the party
For those of you who are “hopeful” this will quell the Democrats, I’m afraid it’s done nothing more than embolden them and reinforce that blatant media smear campaigns, social media censorship, and rioting/looting are effective. They did the same with Kavanaugh, and they will do it again with every Republican candidate in the future as long as it works. The Republicans need to realize this and get ahead of it or this country will truly be lost.
Cool, they called it for Gore too.
[removed]
I wish I believed in this process.  I wasn’t happy when President Obama won twice, but I never doubted he really won.  There is a pall cast over this entire nation because questions are not being answered.  I want recounts because I want to believe Joe Biden won the White House fair and square.  I don’t want to have a country where I can’t trust the elections.
Huh comment was deleted.   Let me say it louder then. THIS ENTIRE ELECTION STINKS LIKE FRAUD!
If I didn’t have work tonight I’d go loot. /s
It's sad that everyone in here is acting like it's over when trumps till likely gets AZ, GA in recount, and then all it takes is one state being forced to throw out late votes for trump to win.
Show them how adults act when they don’t get their way. Get up, go to work, be friendly with the people you know, and move on.
To whoever commented on my comment saying “your flair tf happened to this sub” 
I supported trump, the mods gave me this flair because I messaged them multiple times about it and said they’re  Biden supporters if they didn’t flair me
You guys are pathetic for already giving up. Media doesn’t decide who wins. Trump is fighting this shit in courts and none of this tomfoolery is gonna fly there.
I’m kind of new at being upset about the results of an election. Do we riot now, yell in the streets, or just shout  expletives on Twitter?  /s
Look at all the leftists brigading this sub lmao. How many of ya’ll own stocks? I’m about to get richer and richer while you’re serving at Starbucks.
Watching crowds in DC gather, no cheers for USA or anything of the like, just "fuck Donald Trump"
The media called the 2000 election for Al Gore.  I don’t think I’ve ever heard of President Al Gore, though.
[deleted]
The riots and outcry is going to such a sight to behold when Trump wins in court
Looks like if GA/AZ/NV hold in Biden's favor, Biden would have 296. If WI, PA, MI flip in the legal process that would give it to Trump. Not saying that it will happen but it could. That would be more satisfying than 2016, even if it means we would have to deal with rioting again.
[removed]
[removed]
Three of those "called" states are within recount territory plus multiple lawsuits have already been filed for fraud. Theres to much weird shit going on, this isnt over yet. Itll go to court
Lets abolish both parties and let people run on their policies and beliefs.
We need to hold firm and target the fraud
[deleted]
We should not bend the knee to this corruption. Our values and morals are at stake. The integrity of the election of the American people has been violated. Trump needs to fight this in court not just for himself but for all of us. The American people deserve full transparency.
It’s gross how this sub is suddenly full of pokemon and teenager sub subscribers and they’re all saying too bad let’s go back to work. 


Mother fuckers THEY JUST STOLE AN ELECTION!! Seriously what the fuck does it take to get you out of bed and do some thing!!  We started as country for less! We’re better than this

Edit: some commie just reported me to Reddit for suicide watch. lol pretty funny actually.
[deleted]
Biden is on really, really good terms with all the supreme court justices, right?

They will probably rule purely by the law, but none of them will take a grim pleasure in ruling against him in a few weeks based on something evil he did to them in the past, right?
[deleted]
[deleted]
If he won then fine, I'd still like the recounts to continue and Barr to look into evidence of voter fraud.
Waiting for AOC to do a call to arms... And tell everyone to grab their skateboards.
What the fuck is a tankie and why do they keep messaging me
Welp, time to gear up for 2022 and 2024. Let's make sure this guy does as little damage as possible and is a one termer.
Why does this post have so many awards? Please stop wasting money to fund this liberal cesspool of a website until they fix their platform
[deleted]
Not my president.  Fuck that guy.
I don’t give a fuck if Jesus called the election. Joe Biden has not won yet.
I don't remember the media deciding who's president.
And that’s the last you’ll ever hear about Barr or Durham
R/politics loser should go back to dying their hair and talk about how Bernie can still win
Is it over though? It can only be official when the states (I think?) confirm that and that will only happen after the court cases.

I don't know the law here so correct me where I'm wrong. Just because the left and right media agrees does not make this official.

If it's not clear, I think Biden won. But I'm saying it is not official.
It's sad seeing liberals on my social media try to post edited videos to hype up Joe Biden like they're so happy about him...
As an Iowan who works for a manufacturing company, this is the first time I’ve been genuinely worried about the result of a presidential election.
[removed]
Leftist here. Wish folk would stop brigading and gloating about this. I lurk around here to try to get both sides of the story, and that's what the rest of you leftists should be doing too. Antagonising people isn't going to make you look good and you are definitely going to be pushing people you disagree with further away from you.
Love all the “conservatives” in here ignoring the high chance that the SCOTUS is going to rule those PA and WI mail in ballots that violate state laws aren’t valid giving trump the election.
Congratulations Kamala Harris, you've slept and connived your way to the presidency.
Nothing is final until all LEGAL ballots are counted. Bring on the SCOTUS.
Moderate conservative - not excited for a Biden presidency, but a little relieved that Trump is out.


Lots of misinformation about fraud this week (including from DJT) - don't assume it's true, wait for investigations and the courts. And with the margins, looks like whatever scale that fraud might have been happening on still wouldn't have changed the outcome given the margins in key states.


If this defeat is fair, which it seems to be, let's show the world our values and the merit of our ideas for 2024 and local elections until then.
If he won fair and square, so be it.

My fear is TDS is so strong, we will still hear about how Trump “ruined” Biden’s chance of getting anything done.
So whats to be done about these lists they are making of conservatives now?
When does the media call an election??
Remember everyone, there are mutliple lawsuits still pending! Cant declare victory till they are resolved. Only the media is declaring this a "win"
INB4 Trump is fully responsible for all COVID deaths caused by the Biden celebrations.
Reddit servers are overloaded right now
They took a flawed guy with great ideas and replaced him with a flawed guy with shitty ideas.

Let's hope the Senate holds and we get some sweet good-old DC gridlock.

The saddest part, to me, is that the deep state finally won.  You'll likely never hear a thing about the investigations and the Biden laptop stuff is G-O-N-E.
I really hope the Republicans give him the same bullshit Trump had to go through with the Russia investigations. That shit was so dirty and needlessly time consuming.
Not the result that I wanted but hey, we’re all gonna be fine in 4 years. There’s more to life than who the president is we are keeping the senate by the looks of things and it looks like we’ve also gained 5 seats in the House!
I can see why he won, he's an innovator! He wanted to go to war in Afghanistan 4 years before we actually did!
Man its gonna be war for alot of people when the courts overturn all this.
Welp. There goes another one. We'll see if the PA litigation will go anywhere. If it fails, MSM will call Trump a crybaby. If it succeeds, MSM will say Trump is a authoritarian dictator.
Not my president!

.. until January 20 then he will be and my life will still be great
Joe better do a good job.


For Now, hold on to your rifles America
I’m waiting for everything to magically get better.
No way Dems get the insane turnout for the Georgia runoff races, Republicans are much better at showing up for midterms/special elections than Dems. Especially with Trump not in the race.

Think there's a decent chance we get both seats and we almost certainly get at least 1 of the 2
Those 4 years were good while they lasted boys.
I voted for Trump, but this is actually a relief now that we know the Democrats probably aren't taking the Senate. This election was a rebuke of Trump and progressive radicalism. Take the L, lose the Trump baggage, come back strong in 2022.
[deleted]
Wishing Biden luck honestly. He is going to have a really tough time satisfying his base and obviously the other half of country that didn't vote for him. 

Biden voters in large groups celebrating in the streets during the pandemic has to be the height of hypocrisy though...
So, the democrats happen to find out “we are not enemies” after 4 years, coincidentally just after the elections?
Life goes on, time to hold the two GA seats
I want my taxes back

Tired of reporting this thread? Debate us on discord instead: https://discord.gg/conservative - This is an automated message that appears when probable report abuse is detected. We've found this can lead to a productive discussion in an environment better suited for that sort of thing.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Congress needs term limits.
It’s getting close to torch and pitchfork time here...
Both parties are pissed about this.

You can see on the other subreddits.

Congress should he scared, because by this stupid act, they unified the common folk.
Don’t vote for any incumbents in 2022
[deleted]
Subtract out all the people making more than $75k and it's going to be a lot less than 328 million people.  

Probably more like $100 ~~million~~ billion going to the people and $800 to corporations.
[deleted]
Yet most people will still vote for their congress people.  We deserve this because our populace is too stupid to research their candidates past the letter next to their name.
[deleted]
non-brigading dem lurker here (try to not have a bubble so i'm subscribed)

i'm pissed about this too, happy to join forces in speaking out about how bullshit this is
Where the fuck is the rest going? Failing companies? I feel sorry for all o them but get the money to the people now. No more money to millionaires, big companies that should have a war chest AND share holders.
Not to mention not all 328 million people are getting a $600 pay day
This is probably the most disgusting legislation of my lifetime.  Except maybe the patriot act.
Both parties suck.  Time to vote out all the old fucks who don’t even know the difference between android and iPhone.
No taxation without representation.....it's clear that the people in DC do not represent the people of the United States.
This is assuming 328million people will get stimulus. But actually almost 30% of population might not qualify due to higher income or being an adult dependent or because they have never filed any taxes.
When Democrats and republicans agree
When will these Leopards stop eating all your faces, guys?!?!

Thoughts and Prayers.
[deleted]
[removed]
I have never seen in my life this level of agreement amongst everyday folks from every part of the political aisle. Fuck those fat cat assholes.
Wow I didn’t even realize this post was from r/conservative, really shows how much both sides hate this bill
I can't understand why people are so surprise...... You get what you vote for I suppose......
I think we can ALL agree here and I’m a radical leftist. Like completely agree let’s all take our anger to the politicians.
I'm so glad that everyone can agree that this is utter bullshit
If we all just stopped paying taxes, we’d see how quick they cave.
They want us to think its a red vs blue when really its poor vs rich, the moment we all realize this is the day they have been dreading.
They are giving more money to foreign governments than our own citizens. It’s disgusting.
It’s beyond fucked up
Why is everyone surprised that politicians are using this “crisis” to further line their crony friends pockets? This is politics 101. They know no one is going to read 6000 pages of a bill. Makes it so easy to sneak in whatever the fuck they want.
I made $91,000 last year after working like 900 hours of overtime so I wont get shit because im over the limit for a single person. Even though i just bought a house and have a shit ton of bills and more expensives this year. But at least Pakistan is getting 10 million dollars for some gender programs so ill be able to sleep soundly tonight.
Why the FUCK aren't we joining together? I'm a lefty. You all have the same grievances on the right as we do on the left. We've all been watching poor, rural white people and BIPOC get absolutely hammered while the ruling class and elites buy more yachts. This pandemic has made them richer while citizens lose their homes and healthcare. Then they pit the poor against the poor and claim they are going to take the others crumbs. They are ROBBING US BLIND! I'm a lefty in a city, but my family is rural and redneck. If you think we have nothing in common to fight for, you are very wrong.
Thats assuming evey child and minor gets money. The true calculation (for this stimulus alone) is:

$900 Billion ÷ approx 143 million taxpayers =$6200+ per taxpayer. We are getting less than 10% of that so yea, wtf else is it going?
[removed]
160 billion for state and local governments, 200 billion in stimulus checks, 284 billion in PPP loans for small businesses, 15 billion for entertainment industry, 20 billion for vaccines and distribution, 25 billion in rental assistance, 82 billion for schools, 10 billion for child care, 45 billion for transportation industry, 7 billion for expanding rural broadband, 25 billion for SNAP, and cant forget

1.4 billion for a fucking border wall. 

Do y'all think memes are like actual information?
Dude...your tax money was spent way before they funded this bill
Alright fellas. All of us across the political spectrum need to use our outrage collectively on this one and make some actual fucking change happen.
[deleted]
Dear conservatives. We may not agree on all polices. But we can both agree we are done being fucked over for the rich. We should be furious.
So according to Politico:

$166 billion in direct payments

$120 billion in unemployment benefits 

$325 billion for small business help, including $284 billion for PPP, $20 billion for low-income area businesses, and $15 billion for live venues 

Where the other $389 billion goes, fuck if I know.

While the $600 direct payment does suck, it’s kinda heartwarming to see both conservatives and liberals come together and tell Congress to go suck a bag of dicks.
This thread isn't about taxes but I just came here to say, taxes are already fucking high in the US. Yes, we aren't scandinavia paying 90% taxes, but it's still high considering how little the government seems to do with it besides handing it out to their pals. 

Is there any platform that actually aims to reduce taxes and offset it by spending it more efficiently instead of just flinging it around?
Fuck all the asshole Republicans who voted for this, and fuck all the asshole Democrats who voted for this. I don’t give a shit what party you’re in, this is an outrage. People need this to survive, now is not the time to screw over the working class.
It saddens me... big time. I've paid tens of thousands of dollars like most Americans, and all they can offer is a measly $600 check?! 

Look... I don't need it. I'm blessed, God has taken care of me and my family. But I KNOW there are, at the very least, hundreds of thousands struggling right now. What the fuck will $600 do for them?!
People on both sides are really getting tired of the pigs being more equal
[deleted]
ABSOUTELY AWFUL.  This bill is garbage, and we all know it.
 $2.5 trillion total; 5,593 pages. See [Ford Fischer’s twitter feed](https://twitter.com/FordFischer) for selected excerpts, some of which I will quote here: 

* Repeal of criminal penalties for misuse of Smokey The Bear imagery--*formerly six months in jail*
* Defines what constitutes a bed versus other types of furniture like couches, and nationalizes California’s furniture-related regulations
* Decriminalize misuse of Woodsy Owl character
* Three million dollars for democracy activists in Hong Kong*--you know, the guys with the umbrellas--no, the other guys with the umbrellas*
* Forty million for Syria--restricted to ‘nonlethal’ assistance
* A report on the “sense of Congress on report on murder of Jamal Kashoggi”--*that the DNI should have been able to produce a report on it by now.*
* Statement on the reincarnation of the Dali Lama--*China is fucking with the Infinite*
* military aid for Lebanon can only be used for 1) professionalizing their military 2) strengthening their border 3) implementing a UN resolution. The money will not be supplied however if their military is controlled by terrorists, it clarifies.
* a bit over $6 billion in taxpayer money will be for financing foreign militaries, but by law, at least $3.3 billion of that will have to be for Israel.
* If you skip about about 1000 pages from the Jordanian border security funding section of the US government budget, you'll find that "not less than" $1.65 billon is for Jordan's government overall, but they're required to use $425,000,000 of the American dollars for military.
* Toward the beginning of the Omnibus spending bill at page 415 and 416 is a quarter billion dollars for "enhanced border security" for the nations of Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, Tunisia, and Oman. Not less than $150,000,000 of it shall be for Jordan though.
Incas you missed it

DOMESTIC FUNDING 

Kennedy center: $26.4m

Smithsonian: $1B

National art gallery: $154M

National art & Humanities: $167M

W. Wilson Center: $14M

FOREIGN COUNTRIES 

Egypt: $1.3B

Sudan: $700M

Ukraine: $453M

Israel: $500M

Nepal: $130M

Burma: $135M

Cambodia: $85.5M

Pakistan: $25M

Asia R. I. A: $1.4B

—————————————
Total $6,089,900,000
Like the first CARES act, the lion’s share will go to the monied interests who’ve bought our government. However, the package also includes extensions of unemployment benefits, PPP loans and other provisions which will benefit “Main Street.”

My point is that just as our government should be run for the benefit of all Americans, all Americans need to start having a more informed understanding of policy and its effects. Our ignorance and the ease with which we can be manipulated is a significant part of how those with money can steer the country with advertising and PR campaigns.
Its not a left or right issue, it never has been.

This is the poor vs the rich
Man, when r/conservative and r/politics agree on something, you know shit is genuinely fucked beyond compare.
I lean left but visit this subreddit to see both sides to form my own opinions.  Never commented, never contributed to any brigading. I have upvoted most visible comments on this thread because I agree with what I see/read here today. Fuck Congress.  Fuck both sides.  Our government has failed its people.
I'm gonna pay you $600 to fuck off
Sudan, Cambodia, Burma and a few other countries. They don't need our money, screw them...
32 million Americans are receiving unemployment. Expanded unemployment is 300/week, so 1200/month for 3 months, that's $3600.

32 million x $3600 is **155.2 Billion**.

155.2 Billion Unemployment + 196.8 Billion = **352 Billion** (>1/3 the total package goes to individuals)

**20** Billion for the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program.

**25** Billion in emergency rent assistance

**82** Billion to upfit schools and universities for covid safety.

**10** Billion for child care assistance.

**13** Billion in increased food stamps to feed the hungry.

**7** Billion to increase broadband access to get more people online.

So that's another (20+25+82+10+13+7=157) **157 Billion** for the people. (\~1/6 of the package goes to support for students, the poor, handling the pandemic)

352 + 157 = **509 Billion so far (\~55% of the package goes to individuals and services and relief for individuals)**

27 Billion for transit, like roads and Amtrak, infrastructure that we need yet lacks funding due to reduced travel.

22 Billion for state and local governments to cover the obvious unemployment benefits, reduced tax revenue, and other costly aspects of the pandemic, etc.

284 Billion is for PPP loans, and PPP loan forgiveness, as well as expanding PPP to smaller businesses, nonprofits, and other organizations.

So there's **333 Billion** for businesses and infrastructure, so the economy doesn't tank, and we still have jobs coming out of this. (The alternative is, for example, that all the airlines tank, the biggest and most powerful of the airlines buys the rest, and now you  may only fly on Supermegacorp airlines. The banks all die as well, so you may only do your banking at Supermegacorp banking. Oh, and all your local stores are gone, so you will also have to buy all of your groceries from Supermegacorp. Welcome to the plandemic, enjoy the monopolies.)

**508 Billion + 333 Billion = 841 Billion (goes to individuals, relief and support for individuals, and infrastructure related to the strain caused by the pandemic.)**

"Guess who's getting that other 6% of the stimulus bill? That's right, whoever I say is the bad guy is in my financially illiterate memes..." \*smug all knowing look\*
Give US the money, let US decide which corporations are truly essential.
Guess who wanted to give more back to the citizenry?
Hey guys. Progressive here. Wtf is this shit!
86 billion to higher education institutions, a couple hundred billion to enhanced unemployment benefits, and a whole bunch of pork
I gotta say I'm astonishes at this commentsection. Never would I thought I would see both sides of the aisle come to gather like this. This comment section gives me hope for the future.
Holy shit we’re gonna have a Godamn revolution at this rate. Imagine being so dumb that you unify America at its most divided time.
Moderate leftist here... Nothing like Congress shitting the bed so hard that both sides can finally agree on a thing... This is great 😄
- **Provides $40 million for the Kennedy Center** - this may sound familiar - the Democrats included a special $25 million carve out for the Kennedy Center in the last COVID relief bill, which it took and then immediately laid off its staff.
- $169,739,000 to Vietnam, including $19 million to remediate dioxins (page 1476). 
- Unspecified funds to "continue support for not-for-profit institutions of higher education in Kabul, Afghanistan that are accessible to both women and men in a coeducational environment" (page 1477). 
- $198,323,000 to Bangladesh, including $23.5 million to support Burmese refugees and 
- $23.3 million for "democracy programs" (page 1485). 
- $130,265,000 to Nepal for "development and democracy programs" (page 1485). 
- Pakistan: $15 million for "democracy programs" and $10 million for "gender programs" (page 1486). 
- Sri Lanka: Up to $15 million "for the refurbishing of a high endurance cutter," which is a type of patrol boat (page 1489). 
- $505,925,000 to Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama to "address key factors that contribute to the migration of unaccompanied, undocumented minors to the United States" (pages 1490-1491). 
- $461,375,000 to Colombia for programs related to counternarcotics and human rights (pages 1494-1496). 
- $74.8 million to the "Caribbean Basin Security Initiative" (page 1497). 
- $33 million "for democracy programs for Venezuela" (page 1497). 
- Unspecified amount to Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, Curacao, and Trinidad and Tobago "for assistance for communities in countries supporting or otherwise impacted by refugees from Venezuela" (page 1499). 
- $132,025,000 "for assistance for Georgia" (page 1499). 
- $453 million "for assistance for Ukraine" (page 1500).
- Lays the groundwork for a “Climate Security Advisory Council” (section 405)
- Sets aside funds to investigate the “1908 Springfield Race Riot" (Section 432)
- Includes a lengthy subsection titled “the Horseracing Integrity and Safety Act of 2020” 
- Outlays funds to address gender inequality amongst statues
- Includes funds for a museum that will offer “programming, education, exhibitions” on … “the life, art, history, and culture of women” 
- Includes $193 million for federal HIV/AIDS workers stationed abroad to buy new cars
- Includes funding to discourage teenagers from drinking and hooking up 
- Creates a commission tasked with educating “consumers about the dangers associated with using or storing portable fuel containers for flammable liquids near an open flame." 
- Includes $1.5 million for the Appropriations Committee’s “Office of Diversity and Inclusion” as well as lots of money for receptions
- Mandates new hiring measures to ensure diversity in the intelligence community
- Provides $8 million to support Biden’s presidential transition
- Directs funds to pay for the U.S. Senate daycare center

Edit:  Illegal immigrants are going to get 600 plus a 1200 retroactive payment because they "missed the first check"

Double edit:   These people need to get thrown the fuck out of office.
I’m glad everyone is getting their heads out of there asses!! It only took for you to get fucked over to see what people have been talking about. Fuck Moscow Mitch. Piece of shit was laughing during his debates and people were okay with that.
If this pisses off the conservative subreddit, why do you all keep voting for the people who are fighting to make it zero instead, and the ones who caused it to be $600 rather than $1,200?

All congressional democrats wanted this check to be $1,200, and some republican politicians like Josh Hawley and Susan Collins did too. It got cut in half to $600 because a handful of asshole Republican Senators thought $1,200 is too much, which is a slap in the fucking face to all Americans right now.

On top of that, [McConnel didn't want to give us any checks at all until he heard from strategists that it was hurting Perdue and Loeffler in Georgia.](https://www.aol.com/news/mcconnell-included-600-checks-covid-115742720.html)

I just don't get it.
accidental leftist
I wonder which party (and president) wanted no oversight for where the money went on the last bill.

Hint: it was the “conservative” party
Fox News: McConnell believes Trump committed impeachable offenses, supports Democrats' impeachment efforts:

Looking for debate? Head to the public sections of our discord instead. https://discord.gg/conservative

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'll take headlines I never thought I'd see in my lifetime for 1000, Ken.

Rip Alex.
[deleted]
Get rid of corporate donations and impose term limits. These two alone would clean up most of the swamp.
McConnell reminds me of little finger.
Jesus what is the point of the article? “Some sources say he supports impeachment.” “Some sources say he doesn’t support impeachment.” This is terrible journalism, no matter how you spin it.
Hey dumbass if you wanted to redeem yourself you should have let the $2k stimulus checks go through.

Edit: fyi folks this was merely commentary on Mitch’s irredeemability at this point, not an endorsement of any specific policy.
Vote policy not party.
100% trying to save face
Term Limits!!!
I really believe whether it be now or after next week, they will impeach him and convict in Senate. And I think it will mostly be because the establishment GOP doesn't want to risk losing donations.  Which, if they lost donations from corporations, would be more of a win for us.  Having to rely on small donations from us, they'd have to listen to what we want.  They don't want that.
Mitch got what he wants, his re-election so he can rack up the dollars with special interests, and now he’s going to kiss the ass of the new president-elect. Simple. Politicians are absolutely useless.
Mcconnell is the real life equivalent of senator meechum from the movie shooter. 

“There’s no Sunnis and Shiites, there’s no democrats and republicans. There’s only haves and have nots....it’s all gonna get done either way you best be on the side that gets you paid for your efforts!”
How many votes does the Senate need to convict? 67 or just 50 + Harris?
Mitch McConnell is a penis
Funny how these assholes views change when violence is practically knocking on their door.
Everyone should have seen this coming when Chao resigned.

Mitch telegraphed to DC it was time for the shoe to drop on Trump.

Mitch was always the one in power and he’ll be in power long after Trump is just a pitiful stain on American Democracy.

Everyone always said Trump was Putin’s useful idiot. Maybe that was true, but he was *definitely* Mitch’s useful idiot and it’s time to cut the string.
I was wondering if this would happen. McConnell's wife (Trump's transportation secretary) was one of the first to resign after the Capitol incident. She was one of the longest surviving members of the Trump admin, since 2017. At the very least he's gotten an earful from her about this.
I think this will lead to independent candidates having a lot better of a chance now.
They're going to give in to the Dems and this is going to probably put a fracture in this party that won't be fixed for years to come.
fuck the GOP.
Back in your shell
McConnell: $600 is enough stimulus. 
Trump: Nah make it $2000
McConnell: Alright fucker new plan
Makes sense. If he's impeached, then he can never come back and fuck up McConnell and Elain Chao's business dealings with China
Mitch is a bitch
Is he really acting like he hasn’t just spent the last how many weeks blocking relief help for the country?
[removed]
With the massive gains Republicans made in the House all they had to do was not fuck up until 2022.  It took them about a month.  I'm so done with Republicans.  With the exception of a few, they are all corporatist sellouts just like the Democrats.  This isn't a nation "of the people, by the people, for the people" anymore.  It's a country of Big Tech, by the massive corporations, for the swamp monsters in DC.
Yeah, never voting Republican again.

Edit: pretty sure this got brigaded by r/politics.
This guy needs to go....swamp rat
Imagine literally watching one of the centers of out political structures be attacked during the confirmation of our central-most democratic process, and still being in the side of the person that encouraged. Some of y'all are batshit crazy ngl.
Independent here. So you guys dont think he deserves to be impeached?
McConnell is an idiot. It’s only a matter of time before the Dems throw him and the rest of the GOP under the bus.

What does he think he’s accomplishing here?
Create a martyr out of Trump, see how that turns out.  The most dangerous affect Trump could have on establishment republicans is if he stays out of an election, creates a media company and can pump out content 24/7 which damages the democrats *and* swamp creatures like McConnell.  

Think the democrats have a list of republicans that supported Trump?  You better believe Trump has a list of republicans who didn't support him, with McConnell's name at the top.  Trump's endorsement during a primary will hold more weight than any living person.  McConnell is playing checkers, again.
Primary every single damn Republican come 2022!
[deleted]
From [The Hill](https://thehill.com/homenews/senate/533925-mcconnell-wont-reprise-role-as-chief-trump-defender)... 
>McConnell will not spend nearly as much political capital this time around defending Trump, Senate GOP sources say. There's a question of whether McConnell will even make an effort to help recruit reputable lawyers to defend Trump on the Senate floor. 

>McConnell negotiated an agreement with Schumer for the Senate to be in recess until Jan. 19. That means next Tuesday is the soonest that House impeachment managers can present the article of impeachment to the Senate and the soonest a trial can begin would be Jan. 20, after President-elect Joe Biden is sworn into office, according to a memo McConnell circulated with colleagues Friday.

So it seems he's just not going to defend him this time.
“Sources familiar told fox” 

Anonymous sourcing needs to be banned from reporting. If you’ve got something to say, come out and say it.
I mean if this stops him from throwing a wrench back in the works in 2024 that’s fine.
Coward GOP.
So, no actual quote from him or any evidence whatsoever that this is true.  God damn, Fox News has gone down the toilet so fast.
Can this sub go back to being conservative now? If you're here to worship Trump go somewhere else.
Trump needs to go. The Republican Party may have a long road ahead to find an identity but its identity can’t be Trump. You think those suburban moms that saw the Capitol under siege are coming back to Trump after that? There’s already talk of storming state capitols all over the country and disrupting the inauguration. The Trump movement is reaching a very unceremonious end.
👀 this don't even sound right
They never liked trump.  None of them really did.  He was the person who wanted to clean up the swamp and he was a dedicated member of the swamp.  Now the election is over we see his true colors
Lotta salt in here
This is actually an important issue that goes beyond party lines (ignoring McConnell for now as he's a piece of shit only caring for himself).

If the Dems push for an impeachment of Trump it's not something you should be for or against based on him being a GOP member, as it's effects will be felt for a long time. Potentially decades.

MAGA and the GOP aren't really the same thing, they are just working together put of convenience atm (and this isn't about supporting one or the other in this post). If Trump is impeached it pushes MAGA out of the GOP and allows them to move away from his more hard line beliefs.
If MAGA is not impeached, and Trump is supported by the GOP it sees the GOP largely embrace that view and it will shift politically quite quickly.
Trump will have a voice, his supporters will remain in the mix and will be highly influential.

If you don't want Trump and MAGA to become the path of the GOP then support the impeachment. It will hurt for a while. But it will mend in time, and bring the party together. 

If you support MAGA then oppose the impeachment, because keeping Trump will unify the party quicker but almost certainly it will be on MAGA terms and with a Trump-esque candidate (if not Trump himself). 

So this isn't about the GOP standing together, it's about where do you stand on what the GOP represents. Supporting blindly is a big thing in US politics and it is fucking terrible, especially when it's a 2 party system as that just forces everyone into that "with us or against us" mentality.


Even better support voting reform. From removing electoral colleges, to multiple parties and representative voting.  That wouldn't just split the GOP and maga, it would split the dems and Bernie-esque candidates too.  It would actually make it fairer for everyone.
Apparently Trump is in soo deep and even Mitch's normally defensive delusions can't hide the reality of the reckoning that should be coming.  There's a schism and he wants the higher ground.
I hate to say it, Trump as an outgoing pres is just a pinata full of political candy, if you dont hit him the other kids are just gonna get it.
Let me get this straight.  They are somehow going to impeach Trump, confirm all the new sheep, and pass a new stimulus all at the same time.  This is the same group that spent 8 months on the last stimulus.. They know once Trump is out of the headlines everyone will stop watching so how can they drag it along?
What a piece of shit.
Wow unity amirite
funny how this post is on the front page of the sub and is unflaired and its discussion is just as "high quality" as any other thread here

mods, quit it with the flairs already, or at least tone it down a **lot**
Term limits 2024! Get this bipartisanly hated turtle lookin ass senile fucker out of office!
It was not until the GOP's corporate doners started distancing themselves from Donald Trump and the Republican party that Mitch McConnell decided it is time to do the right thing.
[removed]
McConnell is a swamp monster who has hated Trump this enitre time. At least it's finally coming to light.
I think GOP would be very wise to aggressively distance themselves from Trump as soon as possible. I have no doubt that vast majority of GOP congressmen and senators hate his guts, just like they always did, they just were not public about it after 2016.

The intense support for Trump from much of GOP base boggles my mind. With all the fine conservative thinkers why choose someone of so deeply flawed character? It's not like he's great orator. Seems like the lowest common denominator, this definitely doesn't reflect well on the GOP base...

I applaud Mitch and other GOP politicians to finally take a stand. Way too late, but at least something. Hopefully we see a period of de-Trumpification in the GOP so that the party can finally go back to normalcy. 

Trump was already considered the worst US president by historians only halfway through his presidency. By inciting insurrection he galvanized this shameful spot so that it can never (hopefully!) be taken.
Do it and kiss 2022 chances to take back Senate and House goodbye.
If they impeach him, or even come close, I will never vote Republican again.
Was always a politically expedient swamp creature so why am I not surprised.
[deleted]
Fucking rat. He singlehandedly lost us the senate
AMAZING! Congress Got Paid Their Full Salary of $130K for 9 Months While they Argued About Giving Every American $600 of Their Own Money

Tired of reporting this thread? Debate us on discord instead: https://discord.gg/conservative - This is an automated message that appears when probable report abuse is detected. We've found this can lead to a productive discussion in an environment better suited for that sort of thing.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just for perspective, if all $900b was just evenly distributed among eligible Americans (I'm guessing this is somewhere in the range of 260m people), the relief check would be $3500. That means 83% of that $900b is not going to us. And if you think the majority of that is going to small businesses, I have a beautiful Atlantic view property to sell you in Kansas.
Are you really surprised? Do you think they actually care about us? We’re mere peasants.
Corruption. Pure and simple.
All I need to do to understand how garbage the relief program was is drive around my neighborhood. Favorite BBQ joint, seafood burrito place, and coffee shop closed for good. Meanwhile, Tom Brady, the Lakers and other businesses got millions.
[deleted]
It took them 2 minutes to pass something because they were afraid they were going to lose their salary (govt shutdown), but  months to pass something to help others.
[removed]
They still looted 690,000,000,000 in this bill for themselves still think you're not a tax slave.
That truly sad part is it’s not even our own money at this point.
[deleted]
Holy shit, a bipartisan issue most can agree on
Members of Congress got paid $130,000 to spend 9 months arguing about whether we deserve $600
Can we talk about what a damn joke $600 is. Regardless of what you think about this “handout”, $600 won’t do a damn thing for anyone who is actually in need of money right now. That’s less than one month’s rent in any city in the nation.
There should be a law that no congressman can set their own salary higher than the mean salary of their constituency.

Edit: in the absence of any really good ideas about how to limit the amount of money our representatives should make, I’ll settle for term limits.
The amazing thing is these assholes all make 100k less than me but somehow are all multi-millionaires within 4-5 years of earning that much.

Weird.
Yes, and taxpayers like me will barely see a cent.
Our government quite literally abandoned us during a global pandemic. Nothing they do or say will ever surprise me again.
Wait.. so conservatives are in favour of the stimulus packages?
Our own money or freshly printed money?
I love how it’s a pic of Pelosi, but the argument was that she wanted double and Republicans wanted nothing
[removed]
[deleted]
If someone, somehow, is reading my comment after 1.3k have been posted -   


Please, for the love of God, take some time to see exactly who in your voting jurisdiction did not want to give you any kind of relief, and kindly not vote for them the next time they are up for re-election. Even if they're your preferred party.
And the GoP consistently votes to give stimulus money and bailouts to corporations that are laying off employees afterwards

While Democrats are arguing that same money would be better utilized in the pockets of American voters instead of corporations and their upper echelon. 

Do you agree as Conservatives with the GoP's approach?
Just remember that while thenUS government was busy shutting down your own business, or your employer, taking your job away with no support, not a single politician or government employee was impacted.
Great I can buy a low end washer from work now. (Retail)
You... You do realize who controls the Senate, right?

And that McConnell was holding up stimulus when Pelosi and Trump had come to an agreement?

And which party was pushing for larger direct payments?
[deleted]
With a population of around 330mil, they should be giving each person around $2k, is that math right? Where the fuck is the rest of that cash going?
So my question is... when are the American people going to do something about it other than post shit online? Cause clearly social media isn’t getting us anywhere...
No one liked this.
Seems like r/conservative and r/politics actually agreed on something for once. Impressive.
And they continue to allow huge corporations to pay little to no taxes.
[removed]
As a progressive Dem, this is all I want the more Conservative folks to see. I try to keep my political views off the web, but when I see this common ground, I get a little hopeful that maybe we can see eye to eye like we used to be able to. 

Both sides have very large flaws that make our government ineffective in working to help us, to say nothing of hot-button issues or specifics of each party. I just want a government that helps the *people*, not huge corporations, the ultra-rich, or themselves and their cronies. 

Its nice to see that you guys realize you're getting the shaft just as much as we are.
God they're so fucking disconnected.  Same way that most CEOs or heads of businesses with more than 10,000 employees need to reground themself to reality and be held accountable, so do these Jerks.
Leftist here, I agree, lets actually give stimulus to Americans, and not give all of it to big corporations.
Here in the UK, the Conservative government immediately offered furlough pay of 80% of your salary, capped to £2,500/month.  We've been eligible for this since March, and now set to continue into January. This from a party who didn't shy away from austerity in response to the 2008 crash, but who essentially saw that they had no other choice if they wanted compliance with restrictions without destroying their own voter base and the economy with it, let alone the harm to anyone else living paycheck to paycheck.

You poor schmucks have had a single $1200 check and, now, a $600 check.

I don't quite understand how the same political calculation hasn't applied in the US. I guess the high percentage of incumbents retaining their seats in Congress at the recent election doesn't give much motivation to politicians to be "scared" of their constituents and change their priorities. Combined with the high % of your politicians who seem completely financial disconnected from their constituents and therefore aren't financially suffering and maybe don't know anyone who's financially suffering.

On the contrary, they maybe see the economic hardship of 2020 as an opportunity for them and their corporate buddies to consolidate and improve market share as small businesses collapse, and to pick up assets on the cheap - to hell with the lives and livelihoods lost in the process. Any crisis is an opportunity for the unscrupulous...
Its time we realized our true enemy is neither conservative or liberal, but the wealthy ruling class. 

Coming from a liberal.
I’m a centrist on the political compass, and I am at a serious loss to how conservatives can read this, agree with EVERYONE that it’s absolutely fucked, blame the government, *but still not realize that this is all entirely the fault of conservatives*. Can a conservative please explain to me
I like seeing stuff on r/conservative that everyone agrees on. Feels good.
Actually House has passed multiple relief bills, the Senate has repeatedly shot them down.
It's nice to see the right and the left agreeing on something.
Im on my 10th week of U.E. claims and haven't received a cent yet.
Sadly our representatives are in class so removed from the everyday worker that this is completely predictable from them. Every person, regardless of political backing should be writing their reps ands telling them how they failed, what you expected from them, and why you will not only stop supporting but will turn your back on them entirely. I believe almost every single representative from all states have failed majorly this year. In a time that you could show empathy, strength, and tact, they have chosen greed and apathy which is unacceptable to me.
People complain about how bad the government is yet keep voting in the same people. Career politicians are only that because the voters stupidly keep reelecting them.
And broke the very laws they sought to enforce on us.
LOL, 130K means nothing compared to the bribes and insider information they receive.
I think I finally found something the left and the right can agree on. Congress is paid far too much out of our taxes for how little they benefit the American people at large. There should be age limits for these old fucks lording over us like monarchy, which the notion of is entirely unamerican. Come the fuck on, the government is supposed to work for us, and apparently we're only worth $600 to them.

Fuck em.
I read these comments and the top comments are about unity and common ground with the "left." I love this. We should unite to purge the pro-corporate fucks from both parties. The government is for the people, not the companies that just want to use american wealth and military power to find new markets and ways to squeeze the real Americans of what little wealth they have left (meaning everyone worth less than 8 digits).
I'm happy this is a thing both conservatives and liberals can agree on.
[deleted]
They all a bunch of crooks
[removed]
We are simply commodities in the corporation of USA to them
How were any of them even re-elected?
Qu’ils mangent de la brioche
Future generations money*
Maybe it's time to sack some of these people.

Don't seem very concerned with small business and restaurants dying across the country.
Maybe congress should earn according to a multiple of minimum wage. Somewhere in neighborhood of 4 - 5 times minimum wage. And they should not be paid for all this off time they take. A government for the people, by the people!
Every tax paying American should stop paying taxes all together.
News flash our government has never cared
I can’t believe I’m agreeing with something so heavily on the conservative sub. I fucking hate the people that “represent” us. And that goes for both sides. Fuckin scum
All Americans, regardless of party, should be united on this issue.  Forcing us to partially shut down the economy for 9 months and then using our hard earned tax dollars to bail out corporations while regular Americans struggle to pay rent and put food on the table is outrageous and inexcusable.   $600 is beyond insulting.
Hating congress is that middle part of our American political Ven diagram
Finally something both liberals and conservatives can agree on. Our government has shown they give pretty much zero shits about the people, other than the money the government steals through taxes. Such bullshit
Our government serves the interest of the rich and powerful, not us. They’re asking for a revolution. Americans are not as stupid and the media makes us appear
To equal $1800 for the year or $150 a month. Gee thanks!!!
This seems like the only thing Americans of all stripes can agree on. What is happening now is not right. If we work together, as a nation, as patriots we can fix this. By the people, for the people.
Only $130k for all of that back breaking work? When do they vote in another raise???
I’m sure this won’t be appreciated but are we going to ignore the fact that our fellow Republicans are generally the group holding things up?
The one thing I agree with this sub on: this is a travesty unrivaled. Our country's government is rotten to the core, at all levels and with both parties. We've truly devolved into pick the political color 9f the part that's going to screw you hard so billionaires get richer. Unreal.
They literally worked two days to make what they are giving everybody.
These past two months is the most I’ve seen r/conservative on the front page in a very long time
I'm a liberal left lady. I'm glad we can all agree on this. IMO our senators should just make whatever minimum wage is for their state, and only get whatever their states public healthcare is. Sorry Mitch (not). I'm disgusted that they can make excellent salaries off of my tax dollars when teachers get paid garbage off of my tax dollars. Teachers at least do something useful.
I'm glad we can at least agree on that.
Can't work because the government tells you to quarantine, can't quarantine because the government doesn't provide pandemic relief during a.... pandemic? Somehow both parties "agreeing" on 600$ is supposed to help? what a fucking joke. Get rid of them all.
Aight, get the guillotine
Hi, left/liberal here. I want to say we all agree on this being utter bullshit.
There is a lot of common ground to stand on here, my friends.
Now we are talking.

The true enemy of America has been it's government for a long time.  It's not about who is blue, and not about who is red.

It's about who has the green, and both sides have been stealing it, like candy from a baby, since WWII.

No politician should be a Millionaire.  It's time to take the candy back.
Look up "recess". Particularly Pro-Forma Session. In the past twenty years the most days any congress or senate has worked is 195. The fewest has been 110. That's right, your representatives, who you pay close to $200K per year, only work between 22 and 39 weeks of the year.

This isn't just when dealing with the pandemic packages. It's every year, all the time. They give themselves 1/4 - 1/2 the year off in vacation time.

Doesn't matter which party is in charge. They're all corrupt and they only look out for themselves. They certainly don't work for you.
Are government handout cool now or nah? 

Joking aside, for many Americans that 600$ is a slap in the face. We need term limits and flush out ALL of these career politicians.
Both liberals and conservatives are fed up with how We the People are being treated. When will we finally unite as one and say we've had enough?
Bernie Sanders wanted to give you $1200 monthly
Lmao this is being spammed all over r/Politics too. It's about time both our parties found something we can agree on.
Votes republican,
Gets no help,
Shocked pikachu
I'm not sure what's happening here, but it seems like conservatives and liberals have finally found the common ground which always united us. The realization that we're being played by people we've elected, and who we're *still* paying to fleece us.
What is going on here? Aren’t you guys conservatives? Isn’t that all about not getting help from government? The GOP was holding up individual payouts... Dems wanted $1,200 again
Yeah, ain't it great? Nice job if you can get elected to one.....
It's funny when Democrats do something you guys don't like you single then out. But when it's the Republicans that do something wrong (in this case preventing a larger stimulus check) suddenly it's the "government" that's fucked up.
As much as I am against any type of govermenr bailout, considering they have had the country locked down for so long, this is despicable.

These people, Democrat and Republican, could care less us about us. All they care about is their own well being and their own health. Fuck em all.
House impeaches Trump for second time over Capitol riots

Looking for debate? Head to the public sections of our discord instead. https://discord.gg/conservative

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[removed]
[removed]
No flaired users only! You know what that means...

Government is kinda cringe, not gonna lie...
"Okay, so now you're like...really impeached. Like, double dog impeachment."
 "I was impeached twice and didn't even get a blow job in the oval office from an intern for it."
**Here are all the House Republicans who voted to impeach Trump:** 

Rep. Liz Cheney of Wyoming.

Rep. Jaime Herrera-Beutler of Washington. 

Rep. Anthony Gonzalez of Ohio.

Rep. John Katko of New York. 

Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Illinois. 

Rep. Peter Meijer of Michigan.

Rep. Dan Newhouse of Washington.

Rep. Tom Rice of South Carolina.

Rep. Fred Upton of Michigan. 

Rep. David Valadao of California.
Liz Cheney thinks when Trump is gone, the GOP will return to the Bush/Cheney party and she can make a play for Leader. She’s in for a rude awakening. I’d trade her for Tulsi straight up.
I have the best impeachments, massive impeachments. Way better than other impeachments. Sleezy Bill only got one impeachment. What a loser. No one has ever gotten impeachments like me. I have good impeachments, great impeachments. Really the best impeachments.
GOP really needs to re-examine their platform for 2022 and 2024. These next 2-4 years will be hell for them, otherwise the Democrats will keep taking control.

Edit: In change, I also mean ridding of some of the current management. New faces are needed, not as much as the policies.
Bipartisan too. 10 Republicans voted to impeach, which if I'm not mistaken is the highest amount an impeached President has ever gotten from their own party.
The GOP is dead.
Mitch says hes not taking up the vote before Biden's inauguration.

https://twitter.com/senatemajldr/status/1349476803514146819?s=20
Finally, an r/conservative post that I can comment on.  There isn't too much to say here, just that I hope this process has a fair outcome.
So ... what happens next?
Mitch needs to GO.
Maybe they can squeeze in a third impeachment before Friday.  😕
Now accounts for half of all us impeachments.
[deleted]
Omg been here for years, finally free speech!
[deleted]
Can anyone explain how exactly Trump incited the riots? I ask in other places but it seems it is mostly up for interpretation. I see no clear sign in how he incited the riots.
Now imagine if they were this quick with the stimulus checks. They started playing Initial D when that impeachment bill showed up.
I think they knew he was the biggest threat to their establishment, which was why they hurried to impeach him. 

I don't condone the riots, but at the same time, we have a government that I believe is more concerned about helping themselves instead of their constituency. The United States was literally born because of people revolting against a similar situation. Our current government has rotted, the belief in the integrity of the election process has been ruined, and we need something to change. Good or bad, I think Trump was bringing us closer to change, but they finally won over him.

It's a shame, because now I think it'll get worse before it gets better. This country needs new blood in government, and needs more individuals that don't come from a government background. It's the only way we'll continue to grow and prosper, because the current situation is stagnation, and that will lead to decline.
Gonna be a real bad day for the GOP if this “Patriot Party” that I’m seeing all my Extreme Trumper friends share on Facebook takes off. Talk about a split of votes going from GOP to 3rd party. I don’t think republicans would ever stand a chance to get elected if it becomes a thing.
Ahhh yes 7 whole days left as president. 
But giving you your tax money back for aid during a pandemic when millions of people lost their jobs not gonna happen
After serving nearly 4 years, will kicking him out a few days early really accomplish anything?
From a more left-leaning person:

I believe not enough attention was paid, even by Democrats, to the time period in which Donald Trump knew about the violence of the mob and did not send aid to Congress. People arguing back and forth over whether his words beforehand incited the root feels dumb - he used a lot of political jargon we hear all the time. He told the mob to do their thing peacefully. I don't see the incitement to riot piece holding up. Political speech is quite strongly protected by federal institutions. In fact, I was shocked that "incident of insurrection" was the sole article of impeachment, and it will likely cause it to fail in the senate.

What he did that's impeachable, in my mind, is withhold military / police aid to physically endangered elected representatives. He knew they were in danger, he watched live as it happened, and it took him hours to deploy support to them. That's inexcusable, both morally and functionally, in his office as president. The article should have been abuse of power or behavior incompatible with the function of office, etc. Incitement of insurrection was the wrong call and I think it'll cause the conviction to fail.
[deleted]
Holy cow! A thread that’s about Trump that isn’t only open for flaired users! How on earth did this happen?
Lefty here. We are suspicious of the ES&S machines, y’all are suspicious of the Dominion machines (as are we).  We know they both have unseen proprietary non open source software and don’t know what is in the hardware......
I’d like to reach across the aisle and advocate for all paper ballots for all elections with optical scan counters that have randomly auditable open source programming as an idea both sides can agree to work towards?
Looks like no one cares about the stimulus anymore
I'm glad they found the time to do this instead of attempting to get stimulus checks out.
What a fucking joke
[deleted]
WAHOO, NOT FLAIRED!  Anyway, there's literally no way this can pass the Senate.
This just isn't healthy for our country. Godspeed
Why not just impeach him every day until the 20th, make the farce as funny as possible.
what I’m hearing is that people can be impeached for inciting riots. Better start throwing democrats out
So Trump tells people to protest and it turns into a riot to which Trump responds by telling everyone to peacefully leave, and they impeach him for it. 

Meanwhile Biden collected money to bail out rioters and Kamala "they will not stop, nor should they" Harris openly supported deadly riots that did almost $2 Billion in damages and had countless people hurt, killed, and had their livelihoods destroyed. 

Nope, no hypocrisy here. Not even a little bit. 

Fuck all of DC. The swamp is stronger than ever.
[deleted]
If only Republicans reacted this way when the democrats endorsed the blm riots...
Really sick of these people. Can’t get a covid bill done for numerous months while Americans suffer, but can go from incident to impeachment in a week over Trump. Where’s the impeachment for every member of congress who urged on the BLM riots? Democrats not only refused to condemn that violence, but in some cases even encouraged it (unlike Trump who never encouraged violence and condemned it as it was occurring). But no, the Democrats will have you know this was an act of terrorism the likes of which has never occurred before. You’ll catch me dead before you catch me voting for these people.
So now that this is almost over, which reality TV show star are you guys thinking about endorsing in 2024?
Whelp, nobody wants Romney or the GOP elite stooges. Trump broke them.
The fact that they can just decide to impeach a President after a couple hours of speeches is going to radically alter the office forever. I hope and pray that this comes back to bite the Democrats in the ass very, very soon.
And this is the most bipartisan impeachment of any president in American history. If this is the path our party is heading down I am worried for 2024.
 

Impeached twice, both times for what his impeachers were doing. Insane.
Something weird is going on under the surface.
Charged with inciting?  That's an even weaker claim than the last one they used (which was weaker than the things they accused him of earlier in his term).
I can only hope that there are Republicans with the stones enough to push for articles of impeachment against any of their Democrat colleagues the next time there is a BLM or Antifa riot that they support, or especially after statements like Maxine Waters has made.
Yep good waste of time as Mitch said the 19th is the earliest the Senate will look at it....one whole day before Biden is president. 

Good waste of time and tax payer money isn't it?
They call the protest a "riot" but let blm the domestic terrorists burn down cities, loot, and kill innocent people for MONTHS. They are hypocrites, they didn't do this to democrats who supported the blm rioters. And they try to blame Trump for the capitol protesters, he told them to be peaceful and he even told them to go home, that's when Twitter silenced him.
can we get a third impeachment trial now? really blow the old record out of the water?

I mean if we are impeaching him for not breaking any laws, lets impeach him for each instance of him not breaking the law, we could impeach him so many times.

 Take note of who is voting to impeach him. These are the corrupt politicians.
New SEC Rule: Wall Street Will Now Only Allow Traders Who Wear A Top Hat And Monocle And Carry Around Giant Bags Of Money

As a democrat, I'm wholeheartedly on board. I feel like this is an issue just about every American is on the same side for once
Honestly just came to read some of the comments... and boy and I surprised at the amount of humility and good conversation here. The fuck is wrong with the rest of the political subs on reddit. Lmao
[removed]
So what if we put on a costume and each chip in a bit to create our own hedge fund?
This is glorious, I saw a line today “Wall Street is looking to ban outsider trading”
As a liberal I look forward to working together with my fellow Americans on the other side of the isle and give these bastards a taste if their own medicine.
One feels like a duck when splashing around in all this wet
But what about Mr. Moneybags? He doesn’t wear a monocle.
It’s literally always been this way and thats because of policies by the Eisenhower, Kennedy, LBJ, Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush I, Clinton, Bush II, Obama and Trump administrations.

And yet most of you will say half of those guys were cool. You’re such bootlickers until it affects redditors, it’s hilariously depressing...
I would hope this would dissuade future short selling.

Not that it will.

There really should be rules about making money ruining companies
Hopefully some fine red wine will be offered on the trading floor

 🍷
Scrooge McDuck, Mr. Peanut, and the Monopoly guy are up to their same old tricks again it seems.
Do I have to drive a rolls or Bentley too?
We are so screwed
I love that liberals and conservatives can both get behind this movement
"The SEC about to ban outsider trading".
Are bears ok?
Lol I think we found our unity.
SEC Fools, all we can afford is cosplay items. I can have a top hat and monocle by the Monday morning bell. 

Bag of money though...I can do a sock full of quarters...
I'm leftist and feel our real enemies are the same. Hope this becomes something we can all rally around.
As a progressive - I look forward to this mutual hatred bringing us together. I always knew we would find common ground. We may disagree on some issues, and some people, but I think everyone can agree what happened today is wrong and needs to be seriously scrutinized
This is our bridge.
Left and right unity possibly achieved?? Together the working class would be unstoppable
Dem lurker as well, let’s get these bastards.
I lean left, but I will fight this battle alongside you, brothers. 😤🤝
Why is this thread in contest mode?
Seems like it.
This is class warfare making a comeback. We had the occupy wallstreet movement and they were shaking in their boots, so they decided to separate us. Racism, fascism, privilege, slavery, etc. Anything to get and keep us fighting one another, so they can go on and do their business as usual.
That’s an old stereotype and I’m offended. 
I. These times, they must have big houses and private jets to deserve such scrutinized...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh Babs, you never disappoint.
New internet rule: those who make money trading stocks are evil, disgusting, capitalist pigs...

Unless they are autistic Reddit users sitting in their moms’ basements, then it’s cool 👌
Left dem here, I’m so glad we all have something to band together Wall Street has no idea that we would rather we would rather let our political opponents get rich than stupid billionaires trying to play us like a game! We will all win this!
I hope this can be something that unities us against the true enemy. That’s not people’s waving signs in the street, it’s time to realise that.
🤝
I had to double check it was a bee article. At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if that actually became a rule.
This is simply the most refreshing comment section I have read in a long time.
Maybe the hedge fund managers should have had a few fewer lattes and avocado toasts; they would probably have had enough to weather this!
This actually amazing to watch. No bullshit gaslighting the people into fighting each other to keep the elite in power. Just everyone getting fed up with their bullshit and uniting.

10 GME 82.90 cost basis
straight up, even though this is a satire article, it likely won't be far from what the biden administration tries to do.

wouldn't be surprised to see them attempt to ban commission free trading, effectively crippling retail investors and sending everything back to how it was a few decades ago. this would put up massive barriers for the middle class in terms of entering the market.
This is apparently bipartisan. Hoping that our politicians will do something that actually makes sense
Everyone here should research DeFi or decentralized finance. It will change the world in the future.
This was never a party issue, politics has always been a class issue. Fuck hedge funds and billionaires.
[deleted]
So they're allowed to manipulate the market and get bailed out using tax payer dollars when they ruin it, but us plebs can't do the same when it's costing them money?
Lefty here - I would seriously get behind a bipartisan issue to hold hedge funds and other wealthy elite to the same ‘rules’ they force us to play by.  Today I went into my Robinhood account to buy some GMe stock.  I’m not crazy, and I know the risks, but I guess Citadel needed to fix things in their favor.  🤨
Deleting robinhood soon
WE LIKE THE STOCK
Time to make outsider trading illegal!
Babylon Bee 100% on the money as always
WSB has weaponized memes and im just glad im alive to see it.
GOLD PLATED MASKS ARE REQUIRED !!!!!!!
Shorting stock shouldn't be legal.
Robinhood, jail!
Who knew that the thing that would unite the right and the left would be weaponized autism?
I'm liberal. Can we PLEASE all get together and agree that wall street has been stealing from ALL OF US for decades? Time to take our fucking money back
Facts
[deleted]
Who ate the parody cake? :/
Mfw the elites call us terrorists.
Personally, I think it’s really powerful to see left, right, dem, rep, and all uniting over the proletariat proving its collective power! Just wait until we remember what we can accomplish with general strikes and squeezing. 

The power was always ours!
100%. Let’s take the monopoly man down. I’m over this bullshit.
The irony of this sub Reddit is the highlight of my day. Y’all really pretend your side isn’t the side of Wall Street.
It doesn't matter who you support. Left or right. The oligarchs are the true people in America we should untie against. Our enemy is them.
Please don’t downvote but I’m out of the loop on this one.

I assume this has to do with the Wall Street thing and Reddit, but what exactly is going on?
[deleted]
Damn, I'm missing the money bags.
[removed]
Who would have thought the call to unity would be achieved via the stock market?
Conservative Democrat here, longtime lurker. 

Put our differences aside to fuck over Wall Street?
I love those hedge fund parasites were caught out by what they must consider 'plebs'

Its genuinely beautiful in its own way.
[removed]
Republicans 🤝Democrats 

Hating WallStreet

Edit: voters on both sides hate WallStreet some of our beautiful representatives do not
Upvoted for savage headline.
The politicians will hate this. LOVE IT!
[deleted]
Haha! I found $200 when I got home today
One of many dem lurkers on here. Unite y'all! I get kinda giddy when there's something we agree on through and through. The market doesn't just belong to the wealthy!
Once GME tops out, this class is going to include a lot of WSB redditors who have the top hat and monocle requirement met, pushing out a lot of Manhattan based brokers.
Fuck me, babylon bee is on point everg time.
Let's drive up gamestop even higher ! Fuck these cronies .
[deleted]
Liberal here in peace and solidarity with my countrymen regardless of political affiliation.
I could pull off a monocle. Would look like a super villain, but I could do it
The difference in the Reddit comments between when wsb got banned vs when Parler got dumped is astonishing. Lefty hypocrisy in full swing with just days between each.

The other day it was “you can’t force a company to host someone else’s content”
and now all of a sudden it’s “WTF this isn’t fair!”

Both were banned because they hosted “violent hate speech” but it’s only ok when it happens to people they disagree with.
The Bee always with the best news 😂
Just brought into CCL. Gonna be good, smile from ear to ear
Demsoc here, maybe we should put our differences aside and take these bastards down together. We can figure out the rest after the fact.
LOL
Reminder that this shit is why they try and keep us fighting amongst ourselves.
This a rare instance where class warfare isn’t disguised as a race conflict nor left vs right conflict. Naked class warfare.
Really getting tired of the Babylonbee posts. We get it. It’s funny. Yet, it’s still overdone.
Something to unite all us little guys! Left/Right, Lib/Conserv, red/blue, coke/pepsi!! How do we keep momentum going with this and wake up people that the game is rigged and the people they support are not doing right by them? If this sparks real conservatives voters to reel in the Republicans from their nonsense and does the same for libs and Democrats maybe we'll get somewhere with some happenings that are good for citizens instead of just big business!
[deleted]
The leftists brigading this thread.... are alright with me.

This is how we unite.
Can’t argue with that logic

Think this is what brings liberals and conservatives together tbh.
Most companies have rules surrounding conflicts of interest as well...  Would get you fired for doing half of what Congress does.  Rules for thee but not for me!
This is one topic I really think there is mostly bipartisan support. We need to keep pushing this forward in a way where those on the left will run along with it and keep it relevant. Keep calling out both Republican and Democrat politicians for this!
It’s even worse because it’s doesn’t just affect a game; they are passing legislation that picks winners and losers in the economy, impacting millions of jobs all while potentially enriching themselves and causing misery for the population
Hi, I only lurk here because I’m not actually a conservative. I’m only subbed to see what other people are saying in their spaces. 

I just wanted to say though: this is universal. Liberals, anarchists, lefties, socialists, whatever, all the normal people on the left are so goddamn with this. 

Our political elites are robbing us blind and we need broad cooperation to act on the things we all know need to be done. This being one of the first one.

(Edit: by normal I mean not rich or powerful)
It's wild how much this is agreed upon by the people but Congress's won't budge. Both sides of the aisle need ti demand accountability from their leaders on thism
This and term limits and honestly I think the only way we'd get either is if the law was written specifically for members of Congress who are in office at the time if the bills passing were exempt, honestly at this point I'd take it, we need to prevent anyone from spending 20+ years in Federal Office ever again.
[deleted]
Hi, leftist here, I can say we totally agree with you, we need to end representative stock trading and corporate bribery. Politicians are putting their financial ventures over the interests of the people that they are elected to represent. It’s criminal and it has to stop.
Liberal here, I think this is something we all can agree on
Fact Check: True
I don't know why someone independent makes this a core campaign issue. It's literally the only thing that may bring D's and R's together. 
Like both party legislators voted NO to end this. We the people should vote YES to end this.

Edit: spelling.
This is one thing conservatives and liberals agree on.
Totally agree this is a major problem, but I don't know what the solution is.  So many avenues around any restrictions.

Do you also restrict family members who may just be trying to invest like the rest of us?  Do you maybe limit investments to select index funds or US Treasury bonds?

I don't know, but the system is too corrupt as is, but I also hate to put up barriers discouraging the best people, who may not be rich, from choosing between their financial prosperity or running for office.
Dirty liberal here. Completely agree.

  


Cheers
I think everyone can agree with this statement. There is no reason for a politician to be able to do this
That’s why athletes have family and friends do it for them, like Nancy does
[deleted]
Their investments should go in a blind trust for the duration of their time in office. They can contribute to their investments, just like anybody else, but they shouldn’t be allowed to manage them because it’s too easy to use the information they gain. I’d make spouses beholden to this rule, too. Pelosi can serve in Congress for 10,000 years if she likes, but her husband’s business interests should be put in trust, as well.
There's a Senate bill that would ban Congressional stock trading:
https://www.congress.gov/bill/117th-congress/senate-bill/3494/cosponsors

It doesn't have any Republican cosponsors, though (just 14 Dems) - so it might be worth calling your senator and asking them to support it.
This and term limits have very high bipartisan support and yet they’ll never become a reality
Yet nothing is done in DC. Hmmm.
Feel like this is actually a bipartisan issue that will still never get passed.
One of the few things damn everyone can agree on. Just not politicians.
I don't like this sub but this is absolutely based
I wish I could upvote this more than once..
Oh my god. Common ground
I’m from the left and am very on board for this, let’s work together!
I don't personally know anyone who would disagree with this sentiment.
They should only be allowed to trade ETFs that are reflective of broad sectors of the economy so they have incentive to maintain a healthy economy.
If this actually was implemented, you would probably have a lot less career politicians in Federal government; which is a good thing in my opinion.
Should CEOs be allowed to own stock in competitors?
Yuppp
I don't see why it'd be too hard to make them put their assets into blind trusts. We do it for some politicians but it should be universal at the federal level and should apply to bureaucrats of prominence as well (like Fauci). I don't think they should be banned from investing but even Republicans should see that Loeffler and Perdue lost because of their stock trades right before COVID. If that hadn't happened Purdue at least would have never gone to a run-off.
Ask Pete Rose.
Unpopular opinion: I don't think banning stock trading is the right answer, because it may discourage otherwise intelligent and successful people from running for office.

Instead I propose ethic rules that state you must publish your investment trades online, on an easily-found website, 2 weeks ahead of time before execution. Short sales and options barred. This gives everyone in the country the time to execute the same trades if they want to follow that politician as a de-facto mutual fund. Sunlight best disinfectant, etc.
I would *love* to see anyone defend the idea against prohibiting members of Congress owning stocks.
I work at a public university. If a vendor gets me a gift, guess who gets a big fine and loses their job?
I’ve seen this posted elsewhere before. 1000% agree. This small change would have great effect.
This is why we need campaign reform
Wondering why businesses donate millions to politicians? They make way more money than what they give out in return.
Isnt that the whole purpose of being a politician so I can enrich myself? Otherwise wth would I even bother lmao
This is a bipartisan issue that both parties of elected officials will not address.
Queue the PCM meme with every quadrant saying based. I'm not conservative but this is something we can all agree on.
I like how this is something that we can all agree on. Can we call our reps about this?
They also need to ban their ability to manipulate stocks for friends/family via proxy. Pelosi and her husband both are guilty of this. If you ban the politicians from buying stocks, they'll just have their damned spouse or someone close buy the damn stock and share the profits.
Politicians should be banned from all forms of income except their salary.
[removed]
time for people to unionize and only allow topics we all agree on! health care, lower taxes and limiting what these criminals can give themselves
The difference is that athletes don't control the laws.  If they did, I am sure it would be fine for them to bet! :)
Federal politicians should only be allowed to purchase S&P500 or other ETFs. No options trading either.
Yeah, but the stakes of an athlete gambling are so much higher. The integrity of the sport would be compromised. What's the worst that could happen when a politician self-deals? They only control almost every aspect of our lives. /s
I agree
This should be a bipartisan sentiment
whoa we agree on something for a change. Lets make this a reality. We should vote out anyone against banning congress from trading stocks.
i think left and right can agree on this
Been my opinion for years, if not decades - it’s good to hear others opine likewise. Elective office is a citizen’s service and should be just that, service. They are paid well, better than most and should not leave office (emphasis on LEAVE) having been enriched at the public’s detriment.
That makes so much sense, but they never have to live by the law
Really happy to see this posted here.
Today on something everyone agrees on
Why do you think gambling is becoming illegal in more states every quarter?
Something EVERYONE agrees. 


We need to rally around THIS as Americans.
Hey assholes, we're on the same fucking team. It really is the poor and middle class versus the ultra rich.
I love bipartisan opinions.
Reminds us that things aren't all just left and right, but up and down too.
I see how much agreement there is in this thread and all but how do we get rid of the extreme crazies on both ends?
I'm not conservative but I do wholeheartedly agree with this!! I'm glad we can see eye to eye on important issues like this!
The fact that both conservatives and liberals agree on this but its still legal should make you think about your politicians and your system.
[deleted]
But who is actually fighting for this?
So was this sub against Trump going after certain companies like Carrier?
Have politicians income be public😎👍
Exactly! Also presidents shouldn’t be staying in their own hotels with tax payer’s money. It’s basically corruption. Right guys?
Did a huge double take on the sub. How is this posted here and agreed with? Actual logical take.
“But this is a free market” -Nancy Pelosi 

😂😂
You guys won't believe which party has more congresspeople in favor of this law...
This is not a conservative view or position.  It's nearly universal, aside from those handful of elected people that think they are better than everyone, benefiting from loopholes in policy and law while spewing garbage out of their other face.
This is not a conservative viewpoint. How many on the right have submitted legislation to this exact end vs the left?
Hell yeah.
Athletes should be able to bet on their own games as long as they are betting for their team to win.
It's funny that both sides seem to agree on this yet.....
This had to be one of two things that democrats and Republicans can agree on. 

1. Politicians and immediate family should not he allowed to own stocks or profit from lobbyists 

2. Term limits for the Supreme Court and senate. 

These two issues are seriously holding our entire country back.
Wow, it’s not every day that r/conservative musters up a compelling bipartisan critical point.

Congrats?
The irony of this sub is palpable. 

https://www.wsj.com/articles/constitutional-fifth-circuit-court-appeals-securities-and-exchange-commission-sec-jarkesy-administrative-state-supreme-court-constitutional-11653236377?mod=hp_opin_pos_1
[deleted]
....or get government intervention off the fucking table.
Well  I am glad you guys think this, I mean it does apply to Republican politicians? Goose and gander and all that.
It’s Progressive democrats trying to stop congress from trading stocks. Old dems and all republicans in office don’t care.
Wow, conservatives started making their posts not “conservatives only” and finally made it to the front page. Congrats from an ex republican, but like an alternative fact, not an earnest congratulations, more like an alternative congratulations. Hold on while I screenshot this before you delete it and block me.
But hittlary totally legit made all her money... but if you investigate it you might be suicided.
If you want this, stop voting for Republicans
I thought you can bet on yourself or your team but only to win? Boxers have been betting on themselves for decades, one more notable incident is Bernard Hopkins taking 500 grand from a casino in Vegas to have their logo aerosol painted onto his back during the fight. He took the money, bet it all on himself in his fight against Tito  Trinidad and won.
Government shouldn't have a say in the economy in the first place. 

It doesn't matter whether they can trade stock or not because _no matter how many things you make illegal_, so long as government has enough power to have a major effect on markets, there will be a massive incentive for companies and politicians to work together to find a way to make that power purchasable. They will _always_ find a way so long as government has that power. 

Shrink government first. No one needs to worry about corruption if there's nothing to be corrupt about.
1. Athletes 100% bet on games 2. You guys are the people voting in the all these money hungry obsessed lunatics
And people on welfare that put nothing into the system should not be allowed to vote, they only take take take
[deleted]
Your entire party is evil, go reduce gun laws some more so you can have more dead children blood on your hands.
Or the FBI conducting an internal investigation of its handling of the Trump-Collusion debacle.
Ya'll know conservatives are the majority offenders right?
Oh, you guys are saying this non-ironically? Thats surprising if you do.

How about taking money out of politics by banning lobbies too?
Didn't you dipshits vote for trump? Hahahah! Way to drain the swamp, guys
[deleted]
Does any big group disagree with this? I feel like both liberal and conservative subs both think this
Let's say we ban trading stocks for congress. What's to stop them from tipping of their spouse or friends and having them invest for them?

It's nearly impossible to stop this type of corruption.
Electoral College Elects Biden As President

Tired of reporting this thread? Debate us on discord instead: https://discord.gg/conservative - This is an automated message that appears when probable report abuse is detected. We've found this can lead to a productive discussion in an environment better suited for that sort of thing.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
AG Barr just resigned as well.
I hope that Biden does well for the same reason I hope the pilot flying my airplane does well.  

Anyone rooting for him to fail are just as bad as the people four years ago rooting for the same thing to happen.  


It was bad then and it's bad now.
Welp. Looks like it’s time to have a nice night with the fam, go to bed, and wake up and go to work tomorrow morning.
Here's how Bernie can still win.
ok
But wait, I'm told Trump is about to drop the hammer and it's still not over.
[removed]
It was a good run guys. See you in four years. Good luck to Biden, he’s my president and I *really* hope he does well
Hey r/politics. I'm a conservative.

Can I have some awards and a suicide hotline pls?
I mentioned this before on the night of the election, but you know what we got to get up go to work and live our lives. We should do what we would have done if any other Democrat would have won: keep advocating for our side, support our candidates, and donate to the causes we we believe in. I might also add there's just been so much animosity in the last few years maybe we should take some time to donate to a charity or work to raise money for starving kids or something. The truth is for the last four years it's just been campaign donations and campaign fundraisers the fight this that or the other and really I just wonder how many starving kids could we have fed with some of that money? How many kids in America are going to sleep in a car instead of a home? How many people got let go of their job and theres still no stimulus money to help them? I'm not saying don't donate to your favorite political causes, but all I'm saying is maybe we should take some time in the next few years to work on actually fighting the help people and it doesn't always have to be through politics. That is a freedom Spirit of America by the way. The government doesn't force me to help people, I help them.

Edit: thank you all so much for the kind words and the awards it really means a lot. I hate to do this but if any of you are feeling generous my own family is going through a bit of a tough time right now. I Do seasonal work as a substitute teacher and this was not a good year for that particular line of work! Wife and I are trying to end the year well and if any of you would be interested we've been asking for donations to help us cover rent. If you're interested I can p.m. you my cash app name.

Edit two: thank you guys again you guys are really nice. And for the people that were asking my cash app is $frankfusion81
Alright. Cool. Biden's the next president. I pray the best for him and his administration.
[deleted]
No surprise.

r/politics, give me awards pls
There are currently 6 awards in 6 minutes. Come on politics! There needs to be at least 270 awards. 

/s by the way. MAGA
#Brigade Time™
Penis
Prayers up for this administration. Not the guy we wanted but still be praying for him and his leadership.
So what’s first? Do we put on our pink pussy hats, yell at the sky, destroy the local Starbucks, or march screaming “Not My President?”

Edit: I’m not gonna read or reply to private chats or messages. You’re wasting your time trying. Get a life.
Guess that's it. I think I'm gonna take a break from things and just lay low for a while.

Edit: can I have gold r/politics
Let’s just hope Biden is the president for 4 years and not Kamala. Then hopefully the GOP picks a better candidate for 2024.

EDIT: Cannot see comments asking questions due to flair rules but I can get a glimpse of them so I will try to respond from what I was able to see.

I dislike Kamala due to her heavy reliance on identity politics and her condescending attitude (brigadiers, stop pretending I was crazy about the way Trump spoke. Don’t pick and choose what you want to hear). It is also worth mentioning how she smoked weed and laughed at other minorities getting jailed for marijuana, which is pretty contradictory given how she plays her cards. She doesn’t come across as very qualified for the position.

I have not really considered WHO I would like for 2024 but I remember Ben Carson coming across the most genuinely. Would prefer someone younger though. I would prefer for Trump not to rerun. I’d like someone with his policies but with a filter.
Lmao ccp gilding this shit within 1 min. Insane.
Hi r/politics. Can you waste your money on me too?
[removed]
I don’t understand why this surprises so many people. Biden won the election.

And I’m not one of these people who thinks he won it unfairly, either. Trump is a very polarizing human being, which is going to skyrocket vote totals and engagement on both sides.
If I get 3 gold awards and 1 platinum and 1 ternion-all-powerful or 1 argentium I will delete my account.
Breaking News: Water is wet.
Time to go to work like normal. Pay taxes like normal. Hopefully there’s less hate on the left and on the right. And here’s to hoping I’m able to buy ammunition at an affordable price within the year
could this finally be the end of Orange Man??
[removed]
Good, I'm glad it won't drag on longer in the Courts. The least 2020 could do was give us a clean and decisive election, but it would seem it wouldn't give us that. Now, no matter who wins, the losing side is going to endlessly go on about how illegitimate the current sitting President is. I'm just so tired of all of it. Take the loss and move on with your day. Hug your kids, kiss your wife and play some Cyberpunk.

edit: ah geez, ty for the gold.
Good.  Now let’s move on.  Being stuck on this is going to get us nowhere.
Biden is now responsible for every Covid death from now on...that’s how it works right?
[deleted]
All right then. Constitutionally, I'm obligated to recognize Biden as Pres-Elect. Truthfully, I hope Biden can stay as healthy as possible and that he sees through his term to its entirety. See yall 4 years from now I guess.
[removed]
So why exactly is r/politics giving everyone awards
No surprise there. I really hope there will be some better candidates to come around in 2024 because I was *not* looking forward to either a Biden/Harris administration or a second Trump term.... Oh well, the only good government is a government in gridlock, so here’s hoping for 4 years of nothing happening
So it’s over then?
Has anyone gone down to the basement to tell Biden?
Well, congrats Biden, hope you can keep it on the tracks
Old Man Bad? Just kidding. I wish the best for Biden and all of America for the coming four years.
[deleted]
Screw your awards, r/politics, you suck ass commies.
Imagine being so fragile that you can’t even let conservatives have *one* sub without brigading the shit out of it.
[deleted]
Can't wait to see how he mysteriously passes away so that Kamala can take over.
So it's cool for r/politics to brigade but not r/conservative.
Congratulations to the Chinese Communist Party for their success.
I dont get the awards...but I agree best of luck Biden, you make me nervous but hopefully you just dodder around for 4 years.
Trump bad Biden good gib upvotes
[deleted]
Brigading is bad reeeeeeeeeee

Unless it’s against conservatives
boy people sure hate freedom these days
Hey r/politics lurkers, thank you for letting us live in your heads rent free :)

Can I get some awards too while y’all are here tho?
Well, r/politics it looks like you got what you wanted. Here's Trump [conceding](https://youtu.be/QtBDL8EiNZo)
So that’s it, Biden is the president. 

It was a good run, time to go for 2024
[removed]
r/Politics dumping rewards all over this thread like the dems dumped fake ballots in November.
# not my President lol
Congrats joe, hope you do good things. Stay away from the 2a.
yep I'm hoping he does good cause I wouldn't want him to do bad
[deleted]
I down voted this.  Because I could. 🖕
Looks like its finally over. He wasn't my choice, but God guide him and our country
He's just white obama. I expect a lotta talk and little action.
Were we supposed to be surprised?
Welcome yet again r/politics, although I must say 50 awards in only 25 minutes is a little lower then I expected. Pick up the pace.


Edit: Lol suicide hotline message, touché

Edit 2: one hour to top awarded, you guys are super behind now. Cmon, where is that awarding vigour that you all have. I know it’s somewhere in you guys.
I’ll be the first to NOT ask for r/politics ‘s money.
Well, it happened. I’m still getting up and going to work tomorrow.

Edit: What, no awards for going to work?! That’s what’s wrong with the left, I guess. Fuck your participation trophies anyways.
That headline sure is a funny way to spell "Harris".
Not Elected

Plenty more of the process yet to go.
I’m not being a dick, but Biden sounds awful on TV right now.
[removed]
Welp, congrats to the first woman president in this country’s history. Didn’t even have to be elected

Now could some of you brigaders support everyone’s favorite social media platform and give me some gold
What worries me the most of this is they will prob do this again next election against the Republican.
The Democrats didn't accept Trump as their President for his entire 4 year term. Why should I accept Biden as President? I'm just going to duck my head and let things pass by. I'll respond with my vote in 2022.
Need plat for big sad.
Too bad he isn't gonna be alive for a 2024 run.
Hello Democrats. Yes, I Accept Biden won. 


I will have 1 platinum, 2 gold and 5 Silvers

And a suicide hotline. Thank you
[removed]
[deleted]
All hail our glorious new god leader from the People’s Republic of these United States.

May we be blessed with many C’mon Man memes and Corn Pop references.
[removed]
Here comes the brigade of leftists.
Kanye will always be the real president
[deleted]
Can someone PLEASE tell me how Bernie can still win? I gave my last 42¢ to his campaign. I’m unemployed and have $173,000 in student loans.
All that money in awards could've went to student loan debt you signed for, but I guess this is more important
[deleted]
As it should.
The real winners of the elections are the media moguls who get all that $ for all the damn political ads.
Hey r/politics trump bad. Send awards
This comment section is now laggy due to all the awards. I hope you’re proud of yourselves, r/Politics.
Days until Kamala is in. Days away.
Not happy with it, However will live with it. Lets see how long till Mrs. Harris Jumps on as the pres.
Will suck dick for Reddit gold
**RED ALERT BRIGADERS HAVE ENTERED THE FACILITY BWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRR-**
The Chinese bots really like this article.
Republican Starting To Think Trump Might Not Pull Off A Last-Minute 4D Chess Move

Looking for debate? Head to the public sections of our discord instead. https://discord.gg/conservative

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What?  You didn't believe that the "my pillow" guy was going to save us from the evil clutches of the left?
Oh man, this is hilarious and just too close to bone. I saw a post this morning from a friend who is still convinced Trump will be President through divine intervention.
[deleted]
[removed]
It’s still before Noon in Hawaii he still has time

Edit: Ah shit. Well, time is relative and maybe he can transcend dimensions
[removed]
I remember leading into 1999, people quoted Nostradamus' prediction the world would end.  There were contortions online and in books, trying to show evidence that shit was going to go down.

Then 1999 came and went. Pretty much never heard about Nostradamus again.  

All these conspiracy theories end when reality sets in and they have to invent new stuff to keep people going.

An election happened, new people are in, another election will happen again in a few years. We'll still be debating policy, and trying to avoid the extremes in the process.
[deleted]
Thanks for doing more open discussion posts the last few days very cool!
You guys just don't understand. *Something* was going to happen, but the Cabal stopped it.

And since Trump, in his farewell speech, only mentioned *new administration,* not *Biden admin*, the military is in control, and they're loyal to Trump  which makes Trump the leader of this country. 

Biden's inauguration is just a show. He's a figurehead at this point. A puppet.

This is what Q, and by extension, my wife, believes. They have an answer for everything. At some point you'd think stop and wonder how disconnected you are from reality.
[deleted]
I really stopped using sarcasm online once I found out that the latest iteration of that Flat Earth movement started on message boards, and was aided by some feisty non believing participants who make far-fetched jokes and (il)logical arguments in support of the theory. Even jokes get taken as true without the visual context.
[deleted]
lots of my friends from college literally thought this was going to happen, lmao

edit: I studied mechanical engineering w/scholarship. also got a math minor. PDE sucked. Took some biz and comp sci classes outside of degree. 

you probably don't realize how many of your peers think different than you
[deleted]
It’s times like this where I wish Reddit never banned /r/DonaldTrump. The mental gymnastics they went through over there was unreal
[deleted]
...oddly unrestricted, but taking the opportunity to comment because I can only ever lurk lately since I don't have a flair.  don't mind me, just trying to keep myself balanced by reading opposing viewpoints
The irony is, this isn't really satire
I stumbled upon this post and laughed, because I assumed it was a shitpost, but I stuck around for the comments. While I am not a conservative, I gotta say: reading (most) of these comments is such a breath of fresh air. 👏

All I see on Twitter, news media, or any other social media are talking heads that support Trump and the insurrectionists, people fanning the flames of arguments, and little to no rational thought. What happened to logic? Thank you to each of you who showed it in your comments. It gives me hope for our country. We may not agree on everything, but this, this I can work with. We can find common ground. 🙌
[deleted]
It’s good to see you guys can poke fun at yourselves. 

People talking about divine intervention and military force made me laugh.
It’s funny how the tone is completely different on this thread than it has been for years.
Idiots, all of them.
[deleted]
Remember that theory that has the universe split in 2 with every decision being made? That means in an alternate universe trump is still president.
The next move is a new political party.
Actual question: is this sub reddit not pro Trump? I'm genuinely asking
Lol
I just don't understand why he hasn't attempted to annex the American southwest, or Greenland even.  I'm starting to think we might all be stuck in a single country controlled by Biden.
Not winning was part of Trump’s victory strategy this whole time…  funny!  Like Star Wars, strike him down and he rises even more powerful?  /s
As a supporter who accepted the election results. It’s been miserable listening to all of my friends talk/text about this Q shit.

They don’t take no for an answer either. “Yeah man, that’d be cool. Sounds impossible though”

5min later I have 3 new screenshots of some dumbass posting in IG about “next steps” or some shit
Part of the demoralization has been dealing with Q supporters. I genuinely feel bad for them. I've tried very hard over the last couple years to get them to see reason, but it took on a religious tone. We share many of the same concerns, but the way they were spending their time and the expectations was just wasted by some intel agency or whoever it was. The fact that it was never fully challenged or exposed means the persons behind it were not good actors and they are connected.
Obviously, that is Trump wearing a Biden mask. So it is all good in the hood.
Or locking Hillary up, or draining the swamp or delivering a healthcare plan
The greatest chess move he could pull off was showing that the modern Republican Party doesn’t care about us. He’s done that incredibly.
Whenever I end up in this sub and see sane views I immediately think this post must not be flair locked. Haven't been wrong yet.
Trumps only 4D move was to pardon all the creeps who could possibly help him and flood the swamp.
A sizeable portion of y'all went full cult mode for a reality tv star... Who has a well documented court record of corruption and graft... But somehow he was the second coming of christ because he made it feel ok to hate the same people a sizeable portion of the base wanted to...

Real mccain and crazy lady saying Obama was a muslim thing, except a ton of y'all went for the lady instead of McCain.
Just had to pack up my tinfoil hat and return to society 😞
LoL there is truth in satire; that's what makes it funny.
A post in r/Conservative that isn’t Flair Only? I must be dreaming.
Can I comment here or is this one of those safe posts?
4D chess? 5D chess is where it is at ;)
Damn. I...agree with every comment I’ve read in this r/conservative post. Is this unity?
The fact that this is labeled as “satire” yet half the comments have examples of real people they know believing it is so odd to me. Growing up is the biggest farce, adults don’t understand anything
Here's how Bernie can still win? 

There's actually a decent few parallels. Both groups feel entirely marginalized and powerless to be heard over the DNC-MSM-TECH propaganda machine.
Unpopular opinion but I do think that 4 years of a less polarizing president and less division from the media is a good thing and one reason I’m not too upset about Biden’s election unlike some trumpers. 

Yes there are plenty of reasons why I don’t like Biden but at least we know he’s not going to whip everyone up into a frenzy. I mean trump was a good president but the capitol riot was the boiling over point for what he’d done amplifying the radical right. 

And having a president the media will not vilify and run negative press on 24/7 will definitely help to bridge the political gap and especially those on the fence.
This is why I love the Bee. They call out the whacko conservatives too. Im actually pretty relieved to hear the common sense response from most people here in comparison to the absolutely nuts stuff I’ve been hearing from others (thankfully not personal friends, just online).

A huge NO THANKS to secret leader prophetic messiah Trump.
I went on a 4-hour road trip today with my mom and she would not stop talking about this lol. In the morning it was “Trump is gonna do something” and by afternoon it was “I hope Trump is gonna do something” 😅

I mean I wish things had gone differently too but it’s time to let it go. And stop watching crazy ass YouTubers 😒
Horrible liberal communist scum here.

I actually really miss having reasonable conversations with conservatives. Last four years any attempted debate with family has spiraled into some q-based getting screamed at session in around 15-seconds.

The last time I got screamed at because I pointed out some minor flaws in Ted Cruz's covid plans (but actually was going to give him credit for some of his actions)

Got cut off at the minor flaws, screamed at with veins bulging and spittle flying.


The family members are old and don't use the internet.. They only watch Fox News.  What is Fox News doing to some  conservatives?
He left a letter for biden
This is so funny lol
[removed]
Ok guys, here’s how Trump can still win.
Here’s how Donald Trump can still win...
I have a guy now that says it is just the beginning. Not sure where he is getting his info from but he has not let up on the 4D chess yet. It's been fun reading his posts but everything reads like a Hollywood movie script.
This.. this isn't satire... Why is this labelled satire?  People really do believe this...

I keep telling people that the last two months played out like a bad episode of SNL.  Parodies or satire of the last two months don't really work that well, because the real events were already that ridiculous if not more.
This isn't satire though?
Listen up, here's how ~~Jeb~~ ~~Bernie~~ Trump can still win...
Is this a meme subreddit now?
I don't live in the US but I'm nevertheless affected by what happens there. 

Just wanted to say that the people who have fallen down the Q-hole will never get out if they're mocked forevermore.

If you know someone who's in that position, please please look into cults and more importantly how people get into them, why they double down, why they stay, and how you can help them leave.
That whole Q thing was a cult. I vote for a party that tries to pass laws that will protect life. It was a head trip frenzy, and as a Republican we have to do better than go along with fanaticism. Facts and what we can actually do, rather than fear mongering and a haughty attitude.
Lmao how is this satire? This is literally yall for the last few months.
I'm just wondering when he's releasing that fantastic health care plan he advertised a few months back.
