Like Streaming Doctor Who? Please take 2 minutes out of your day and stop ISPs from destroying net neutrality and charging you more for the streaming you love!!

Its free and fast in the bbc.

Only americans can stop this
I wish I could vote but I am neither American nor live in America. Any way I could help you guys?
Taking the more meta approach, let's not forget that /r/doctorwho is a online community on an American website that's 4th most popular in the U.S. and 8th worldwide. If reddit has to end up paying extra to U.S. ISPs that means its already thin resources will be stretched further, and things we want and need, like native comment spoilers (as just one example), will just get pushed farther and farther off. 
What websites stresm doctor Who?
What if..... we all called a congressman of the opposite party we like and tell them that we will consider reevaluating our opinion of the party if they help keep net neutrality alive? Democratic redditors call Republican politicians. Republican redditors call Democratic politicians. We all send the same message: We want sane politicians and their votes are indicators.
Will net neutrality affect the UK as well?
This is making the front page of nearly every sub.  **AS IT SHOULD**
I live in Sweden. Is it even possible to legally stream Dr Who or other BBC productions here?
First, as an American who doesn't buy the hoopla by the current administration, I deeply apologize to the rest of the world. I am sorry. So, so sorry.

>This country is sick.  This country needs healing.  This country needs medicine.  In fact, I’d go so far as to say that, what this country really needs, right now…is a doctor.

This applies only to those in the US... us here in the EU are in no such dangers.  Those of us in the EU can poke our American friends over it, but sadly there isn't a great deal we can do.  It's enshrined in EU law that net neutrality is a thing.

So glad us in the UK are leaving next year. /s
The Americans are monetizing everything again. 
WHAT TO DO IF YOU'RE A LAZY REDDITOR WITH ANXIETY WHO TRIES TO HELP WITH JUST UPVOTES:
Here are 2 petitions to sign, one international and one exclusively US.

International: https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home

US: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

Text "resist" to 504-09. It's a bot that will send a formal email, fax, and letter to your representatives. It also finds your representatives for you. All you have to do is text it and it holds your hand the whole way.
WAY too many people are simply upvoting and hoping that'll be enough, this is the closest level of convenience to upvoting you can find WHILE actually making a difference.
This effects us all. DO. YOUR. PART.
I did, but Netflix got rid of it and has raised the price twice already since then
These are the emails of the 5 people on the FCC roster.  **These are the five people deciding the future of the internet.**

The two women have come out as *No* votes.  We need only to convince **ONE** of the other members to flip to a *No* vote to save Net Neutrality.

Blow up their inboxes!

* Ajit Pai - Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov
* Mignon Clyburn - Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov
* Michael O'Reilly - Mike.O'Reilly@fcc.gov
* Brendan Carr - Brendan.Carr@fcc.gov
* Jessica Rosenworcel - Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov

Spread this comment around!  We need to go straight to the source.  Be **civil**, be **concise**, and make sure they understand that what they're about to do is UNAMERICAN.

Godspeed!
I called my representative and used a script to help me get through the call.  It was kinda scary talking to the office but it is SO much more influential than sending an email or a tweet or signing a petition that they won't read.  CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVE.

https://5calls.org/issue/defend-fcc-net-neutrality

> Hi, my name is [NAME] and I'm a concerned customer from [NAME OF CITY].

>[IF FCC]: I'm calling to express my disapproval that the FCC is trying to kill net neutrality and the strong Title II oversight of Internet Service Providers. Preserving an open internet is crucial for fair and equal access to the resources and information available on it.

>[IF CONGRESS]: I'm calling to express my support for Net Neutrality and a fair and open Internet. I ask that [Senator’s or Rep’s Name] contact FCC Chairman Ajit Pai and demand he abandon his plan to overturn Net Neutrality and Title II oversight. It is time for Congress to take a stand and urge Chairman Pai to cancel the vote in December.

>Thank you for your time and attention.

>[IF LEAVING A VOICEMAIL: please leave your full street address to ensure your call is tallied]
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)

You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:

* https://www.eff.org/
* https://www.aclu.org/
* https://www.freepress.net/
* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/
* https://www.publicknowledge.org/
* https://www.demandprogress.org/

[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)

Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)

[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)

[Add a comment to the repeal here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC)

[Here's an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver](http://www.gofccyourself.com)

[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps

[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.

Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties as it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.

*If you would like to contribute to the text in this bot's posts, [please edit this file](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/src/resources/message.txt) on github.*

	 
	 
-/u/NetNeutralityBot
	 
	 
[Contact Developer](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tylerbrockett) | [Bot Code](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit) | [Readme](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/README.md)

[removed]
How are there only 480k calls if it’s such a big deal? Sorry I’m super out of the loop about what’s going on.
Please take 20 seconds to fill this out and contact your local representatives. Just enter your street number and zip code and click submit. Please! 
https://act.eff.org/action/congress-don-t-sell-the-internet-out
It's not on Hulu or Netflix
If there is a way to stream Doctor Who I would be so happy.. 
Facebook will never charge their users. 
And any charge the telecom leverages on Facebook is a savings for the user. People think we’re planning to charge you the customer $0.05/hour for Facebook use. That’s malarkey concocted by conspiracy theorists. 

It actually helps smaller companies grow because as you grow, you now have less regulatory costs to invest in your own infrastructure. Big three survive with government monopolies (corporate subsidies), thus the current regulatory framework is net negative for small ISPs who don’t have big connections

Level 3 didn’t become what it was with Title 2, nor did Comcast or Cox or Charter or Centurylink. They did joint ventures and took risks. Hard to do with a utility regulation. 

Hell, Title 2 is why AT&T kept hiking rates because they had so much regulatory cost, that they had to charge someone to keep expanding. Thus leading to deregulation and breaking up of AT&T
For those of you that don’t like speaking on the phone you can text RESIST to 50409 and Resistbot will help you send an email to your reps. Here’s the body of the letter that I sent. You can also use it as a script if you decide to call:
“I support “Title Two” net neutrality rules and I urge you to oppose the FCC’s plan to repeal them. Specifically, I’d like you to contact the FCC Chairman and demand that he abandon his current plan. This issue is very dear to me and I will be watching very closely to see how you and your fellow representatives respond. Your actions on this matter will reflect how I vote during upcoming elections. I urge you to make the right decision and keep the internet free for your constituents. “
I don't give a shit? This is a British television show, provided by British internet servers and services, for countries that amazingly _aren't_ the USA. I am sick to my back fucking teeth of this circlejerking nonsense given how much we _know_ from past net neutrality issues that people don't fucking do anything about it, and even when they do the government doesn't care.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
This is a link to a White House petition.
WHAT TO DO IF YOU'RE A LAZY REDDITOR WITH ANXIETY WHO TRIES TO HELP WITH JUST UPVOTES:

Here are 2 petitions to sign, one international and one exclusively US. 

International: https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home

US: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

Text "resist" to 504-09. It's a bot that will send a formal email, fax, and letter to your representatives. It also finds your representatives for you. All you have to do is text it and it holds your hand the whole way. 

WAY too many people are simply upvoting and hoping that'll be enough, this is the closest level of convenience to upvoting you can find WHILE actually making a difference. 

This effects us all.
DO. YOUR. PART.

Edit: Shoutout to u/MomDoesntGetMe for putting this together.
Can't steam doctor who if there's no damn service for even streaming it anymore
I can't stream Dr Who anymore. I don't think there is a service available to me in Canada. Netflix no longer has it and amazon prime only streams it in the US.


I called. 
I am paying attention. I work in this sector. You’re making a mountain out of a mile hill for something that is actually not helping networks. 
I am going through and unsubscribing from any sub that has this shitbpost Net Neutrality in it.  

If you look at the front page you are seeing nearly Identical posts about Net Neutrality.  You are not independent thinkers, you are being played by big business interests. 

Support Protecting Net Neutrality!!

(except for speech you don't agree with -reddit)
This place is usually *over*moderated but this stays up?  What a joke.

Eta; lol nearly a thousand upvotes already in a half dead sub, no botting going on with this subject at all, no sir!
[deleted]
#Time Warner, Verizon, Comcast, and ATT are the ones writing the net neutrality laws

https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/12/15959932/comcast-verizon-att-net-neutrality-day-of-action

**Google/Apple want it too**

>https://www.google.com/takeaction/action/freeandopen/index.html

>https://www.wired.com/story/apples-real-reason-for-finally-joining-the-net-neutrality-fight/

**More on the topic and why you're literally helping the wolf eat the sheep:**

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/innovations/wp/2016/07/07/why-treating-the-internet-as-a-public-utility-is-bad-for-consumers/?utm_term=.8f4ecf9f8713#_blank

>http://www.nationalreview.com/article/447354/fcc-net-neutrality-internet-freedom-best-protected-without-government-regulation

>https://fee.org/articles/net-neutrality-is-about-government-control-of-the-internet/

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/14/this-is-why-the-government-should-never-control-the-internet/

>https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-net-neutrality-advocates-would-let-trump-control-the-internet/2017/07/19/52998b58-6bc2-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html


#This is you versus corporations NET NEUTRALITY IS A SHAM, CORPORATE OLIGARCHS WANT IT

Further reading and links to nefarious persons.  This is not about freedom it's about **GOVERNMENT CONTROL OF THE INTERNET**

*READ* https://fee.org/articles/net-neutrality-is-about-government-control-of-the-internet/

>the George Soros-funded net neutrality group Free Press was mentioned 46 times – it's almost as if Free Press had written the regulations for the FCC. The OIO sees the Internet as something that should be nationalized by the government to be run like a public utility.


Sing it with me now!

🎵THE👏MONOPOLIES👏INTERNET👏PROVIDERS👏HAVE👏ARE👏CREATED👏BY👏GOVERNMENT👏REGULATIONS!👏👏

ADDING👏MORE👏REGULATIONS👏DOESN'T👏FIX👏THE👏PROBLEM👏GOVERNMENT👏CREATED!👏👏

IT👏JUST👏MAKES👏THE👏PROBLEM👏WORSE.👏👏🎵

Thank you, I'm here all night.

Edit: Removed link to subreddit
ISPs can also zero rate streaming bandwidth, and net neutrality would prohibit that.

Net neutrality as in "ISPs should not censor stuff" is fine, but beyond that? Bad idea
What do you think of Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Who?

[deleted]
yes, but he is already too famous for that I think? maybe a christmas special or something?
I would much rather see him as The Master. He's great at pulling off the sinister-yet-brilliant vibe... though it would make me very sad indeed to see Missy depart. 
Mister Doctor?
[deleted]
Too close to Sherlock conceited to be doctor who.    Let's just hope he does more Sherlock this century.   
I always feel his Sherlock character was written like Doctor Who, 
Apparently he was offered the role before Matt Smith but turned it down because he was uncomfortable with the idea of his face being on so much merchandising.

Stephen Moffat still wanted to work with him, which is where Sherlock came from. 
His role as Sherlock pretty move proved it. I think his role as Sherlock also solidified the fact that he will never be the doctor. It will be construed as him just playing the same role with a different name
Is he goofy enough? He's got serious and running down, but he needs the goofy.
[deleted]
Not the Doctor. I would much rather see a run where the TARDIS lands on Baker's St and picks up Sherlock to help him solve some galactic case. Or he finds the Doctor while he is solving a case and they help eachother. Holmes would never question it, just accept it and move on. In the books he once said that he would do his best to forget that the earth revolves around the sun becasue it had no bearing on his work. The Doctor landing and learning of time travel would probably have the same response. Christmas special or maybe a few episodes here and there. 
god, the fan girls would be insufferable. 
Pls no. We need to make Doctor Who Great Again. Fun, adventure, immersive depictions of alternate universes, historical events/places, and creative depictions of imaginary places.
He'd work better guest starring as another Timelord, like the Master or a new character. 
I think now that he's Doctor Strange, he shouldn't be The Doctor. 

However, if Hugh Laurie ever wants to jump into the TARDIS, I'd watch that for a season or two. 
That journalist was IGN's Jim Vejvoda.
I dunno, I'm kinda afraid that his Doctor would be too much like his version of Sherlock. Maybe a few years or so after Sherlock has ended.
I think he should play Becky on Rosanne. 
I always thought the guy who played Dr. Gaius Baltar in the battlestar galactica series would have made a great Dr. He has a kind of nervous energy a bit like Tennant did but sleazier.
I HAVE BEEN SAYING THIS FOR SO LONG! No one agrees with me. It's a bit too late now, but my God he would have made a great Doctor.
dear god no
I love Cumberbatch but no. It would be hard not to associate him with all of his roles. Plus the already has way too much on his plate when it comes to roles.
Buffalo Cabbagepatch
Don't want him anymore to be The Doctor, I think. Before Doctor Strange, I could have totally imagined, but now, meh, I really liked him as Doctor Strange. It is good like this, I believe. For the next Doctor, I can go with someone not as known. Also, I would love a Sherlock & DW crossover. Who wouldn't?
I think Cumberbatch would make a good master
He'd be fine, I suppose, but it always seems that ever since David Tennant, nobody can imagine anybody to be the Doctor anything other than tall, skinny, posh men with long faces. I want another surprise, like Eccleston was.

Someone not posh, not Scottish, not tall, not posh, not a sex object, not an acting legend whose name is already well known… any names?
Too dry and too well known. We need a good unknown, someone odd. 
This is an old discussion.

He already stated that he doesn't want to be the Doctor because he doesn't want to look behind the scenes of the show. (something like that)
As long as the Doctor doesn't go to the South Pole and have to talk about penguins. 
Too famous.  Not funny enough.
I'd say a better Master than Doctor. Either really.
2011 called, it wants its ideas back
Thumbnail looks like an Andy Warhol painting. 
Terrible idea. Good actor, but wrong for the role. 
Nah, he should be the next Master.
Humperdinck Bandersnatch?
I wouldn't mind, Sherlock reminds me of The Doctor anyways 
Strange/Who crossover comic? Anyone?
I'd see him being able to pull off a stoic or volatile doctor. 
Too expensive knowing the budget the BBC gives the show
I'd rather see him as James Bond.
Honestly, probably not. I mean I like him as Sherlock, I've liked him on the Imitation Game, Doctor Strange seems ok, but I haven't fully seen that yet.


I like him, but I figure he would be better suited as a special character whether another "Other Doctor" some sort of Master, or general villain. Maybe a Wholock special but I doubt that. 


Also with this christmas special having a superhero, maybe at the end we can have Doctor Strange work some magic like the whole movie was him having fun, if thats possible at all or something.
no
There's an over saturation of Cumberbatch as of late. The same goes for Eddie Redmayne. I could do without either in Doctor Who
More orange than trump lol
I am amazed that no matter how much I misspell "Janet Reno's Dance Party", people know I am referring to him.
He's too popular to be a new doctor. What I always loved about the actors playing the doctor is that they were fresh and new to me.
I want Rupert Grint as the new doctor. I like him allot as an actor and RED HAIR!
Nooo.. I want to leave the door open for a Doctor Who/Sherlock crossover fanservice episode/special.
I dunno. A few years ago it would've been perfect. Now, he may be a bit typecast.  Not that he'd make a bad doctor but it'd be hard to see the doctor and not Cumberbatch. As it was said, he's also a bit busy. He's posh, British, can pull of acting brilliantly mad, and has an interesting face.  Everyone wants him for everything. I can't blame casting people but it's getting a bit much.
He's the only person I can imagine playing Dr.Strange.  He's as well casted as RDJ was for Ironman.
He is like a  bad copy of existing doctors. I really do not like him as actor. 
Good God no. Keep Benderdick Cucumber as far away from Who as possible.
I love The Doctor and Benedict, but he's too big to be the Doctor. I'm sure he'd be fantastic though
Ehhh, I think we've had enough young faced happy optimism doctors for a bit.
No.
Only if his Doctor would bring along Louise Brealey (I.e. Molly Hooper) as his companion. 
No.
No. Nonononononono no please no. no. No. Nope. Please not. No. Absolutely not. No. I think it's a bad idea. I do not like this idea. No. Nonono.
I'd be fine with him staying Sherlock 
Please no!
I don't like him 
How about a Doctor Who Sherlock crossover?
I actually think he could play a decent Doctor, but it's definitely gotten to the point where the 'spectacle' would outweigh the actual performance or what have you.
...stop it I can only get so erect. 

He would do well as the Doctor but he is too big to play the Doctor 
Those saying hed be too expensive what if he was the master?  Hed still be a big name on the show and can get away with less appearances
Maybe in ten years
I am perplexed as to what exactly is this guys appeal.
I read the title and mumbled "That would be fucking awesome" under my breath. 
Watching Sherlock, I pretty much see him as the Doctor.
Cummerbund is a decent actor, but I don't quite think he has the range to play the Doctor. Sure, he played Sherlock, but that was a very one-note kind of quirky. The Doctor is very different, and requires a degree of levity I don't think he's quite capable of.
No, he's way too serious. Seeing him pretend to be a human who has fun would be awful.
Idk that he is too expensive, he is in sherlock which with three 2 hour episodes a season, is like 6 doctor who episodes. I heard they almost asked him and came to the conclusion that being Sherlock and the doctor at the same time wasn't ideal.
I don't really know... Guess he'll be good but I'm not quite seeing it...
Bruce Campbell needs to be doctor who
Unnecessary. 
I'm not a big fan of him and I think he's already too well known to be The Doctor. But like a lot of others said, he would make a good guest star and I think it would be interesting to see him as The Master.
HA HA HA HA GOOD JOKE FAM
Is this on youtube? if so; can some lovely person send me the link for it <3
do you want 3 episodes of doctor who every 2 or 3 years?
Wait. What's his name again?!
Maybe.

Though it may be that Matt Smith killed the series. He was so good, so much fun, that we were spoiled. I know I've tried to watch the new Doctor Who but can't make myself. There's no Matt.  Not even any Pond. So I can't get interested. It's like Tom Baker killed it for a while because he was so good. Why they didn't have Smith under contract for 7 years I don't understand.
Nah!
That would be so good but he already said he won't be a make Sherlock as often as you have been doing with doing these so it's never gonna happen
I love Cumberbatch, but I don't see him as the Doctor at all.
No thank you, while it'd be good, I'd rather not wait 6 years between episodes. 
Even from an outsiders point of view, he seems doctor material. I love Sherlock, and at one point, I even assumed he was one of the doctors.

Note: I'm going to start watching Doctor Who soon. My friend loves it, and wants me to watch it.
The world would drown in the collective amount of fangirl jizz. 
6000th upvote 😎
Great idea.  If he does it for 5 or 6 seasons I won't have to see him anywhere else either. 
For those who haven't seen Dr. Strange yet, if you download the app Atom Tickets you get a free movie ticket. I'm going to see it in 3D IMAX today for free. 
I'd be on board with it. The Batch rocks.
Just teasing us at this point.
He'd be a Great Doctor in say like a doctor who movie, but im sure hes not a fan of doctor who. that and hes probably faar too expensive these days lol
It be amazing I want that now
NO THERE MUST BE DOCTOR WHO SHERLOCK CROSS OVER UGHH
I would just die, that would be so amazing. 
Well the same writers for that also wrote Sherlock. 
He'd be great, but I prefer Doctors who are unknown, so they grow and change to fit the part rather than the part changing to fit them, if that makes sense.
If there is a god, it will happen
He is an amazing actor. Very dynamic. But he is too popular. I think the new Doctor should be a lesser known person. 
'The Doctor'
I'd rather have seen him as the Master, but that moment really has passed and Michelle Gomez as Missy is everything that's good in the universe. 
He's far too big a star for Dr Who
I'd love to see Benedict Cumberbatch or James Callis as doctor who
god, dude, you wanna break tumblr?
I'd say perfect but money money money.
Quality name right there. Totally got teased on the playground! 
If there is one person I NEVER WANT TO SEE PLAY THE DOCTOR its fucking Britishguy Sillyname
I think that if they were going to do it, they should have done it after Matt Smith
I like Cumberbatch, but that would be crossing the streams. That being said, I'd like him as a guest role, or to do something in a special - I'd love to see the Children in Need thing do a short sketch with Sherlock Vs. The Doctor. I think that's where it belongs, where it would be the most fun. Also, after Michelle Gomez is done being The Master, he'd do a good Master I think (But again, crossing the streams). 
Yeah, Would be amazing, but won't happen.
In our dreams.
I would kill a man to have him be the doctor for a day
He would, though I after Sherlock and the like, I would love him to go against everyone's expectations and do a Tom Baker style doctor. 
Way too recognizable.
I need this
Would be awesome I think. But he's probably way too expensive, and there's no way he'd have enough time. 
I'd love to see even one episode with him as a doctor. He'd manage to be great.
Wasn't there a story where he was being considered alongside Smith for the 11th Doctor? He'd be an amazing Doctor, for sure, but he's way to famous and expensive now. Plus he's in the MCU now and that's gonna be time consuning. Maybe when he's older and his career has sort of slowed down he'll return to television and play The Doctor.

Edit: why am I being downvoted for this?
Watching Sherlock, I pretty much see him as the Doctor.
My husband and I were talking about this the other day actually! I was wondering if Moffat & Co knew what vague direction they wanted DW to go in, and chose Capaldi along with that, or did he just blow them away and they then wrote the new Doctor around him?

I think to put another 'young' Doctor in would've always had that boyfriend/girlfriend dynamic in there. I loved Eccleston, Tennant, and Smith for all their portrayals, but I think we were ready to go back to a strictly teacher/student dynamic. Cumberbatch and Hiddleston were both touted, but they were both young Doctors, not to mention too well known and expensive.
Whatever you say, Mister Doctor

*Strange*

Well yes it is
I think it would be funny if, whenever Capaldi's replacement comes around, the Doctor goes to regenerate and suddenly: it's Benedict Cumberbatch! Holy shit! He does some sort of flourish, says something witty, then turns around, trips over his own feet, and... regenerates into the next Doctor 
[deleted]
I just want David Tennant back.
What about Mr. Doctor?
It's Strange.
If we ever got that mythical David Yates Doctor Who film, Cumberbatch would be the perfect Doctor.
Hugh Laurie would make an excellent Dr.
You can't fucking be Sherlock Holmes AND Doctor Who. C'mon. Leave some rolls for other people.
fangirl's heads would explode.
Absolutely. After we have a female Doctor, or two.
I don't think Bentobox Cucumberpants would be a great fit TBH. I just haven't ever seen that kind of character/personality from him before. You have to be more than just British and male to be the doc. 
"The swoon heard around the world"
Before I've seen any Doctor Who, I actually thought he was one of the doctors
[deleted]
From some things that I have read he has been approached to play the doctor but it is not a "dark" enough role for him. It would be cool if he did an episode though, either a villain or other character. They've dabbled with the idea of bringing in Houdini. I could see him playing that.
But would he make a great Doctor Strangelove?

I bet he would.  So we should all learn to stop worrying and love the bomb.
bendy cucumber is a pretty good actress.
Omg yes he would make an AMAZING Dr.Who
Who? 
Russell T Davies to return as Doctor Who showrunner

This is one of those pieces of news you see and you think "No thats clickbait" because its too good to be true. I'm smiling ear to ear. This is fantastic, absolutely fantastic
holy shit
I feel like I'm dreaming and I love it. 

But I dare to ask the question... is it even more likely that previous Doctors are to return now that RTD himself is writing the 60th?
TL;DR: 

>Russell T Davies will make an explosive return to screens to celebrate the 60th Anniversary of Doctor Who in 2023, and series beyond.  BBC Studios are partnering with Bad Wolf to produce.

Well I'll be damned! If any tried to predict this would happen, I never would've believed it.

Will we call this part of the RTD era? RTD era 2? The NuRTD era?
Between this and reading the 100% serious words “Chris Pratt as Mario”, I’m 100% convinced I got concussed on a night out recently and I’m just hallucinating at the moment. Holy shit
Something that's not being mentioned enough is the partnering with Bad Wolf Productions. That's the company founded by Julie Gardner and Jane Trantner after they left Who as well. They've done shows like His Dark Materials and Billie Pipers I hate Suzie.

So on one hand this means we also technically get Julie back, which is great because she was a big part of making RTD's first era the success it was. But it also means that the show is maybe going to be of a much higher quality. Look at His Dark Materials, the production quality of that is amazing and I'd love to see a similar standard brought to Who.
The BBC: "I never forget a showrunner."

RTD: "I know you don't. And in years to come you might find yourself revisiting a few...but just the old favorites, eh?"
After 'It's a Sin' RTD could have pretty much done anything so I'm excited to see what made him want to return to Who.
This is going to be incredible. He was my favorite showrunner, overall. Davies completely resurrected the show back in ‘05, so I’m excited to see where he takes it. 

Also, not holding my breath, but I wonder if they’ll be bringing back Murray Gold, as well.
ARE WE IN THE BEST TIMELINE!!!
The Return of the King
This is what I wrote to someone when Chibnall had resigned.

"If the BBC were smart, they would offer RTD and Moffat a bucketload of cash to return for the 60th Anniversary in 2023, whatever their post-Chibnall plans are. The producers at the time of the 20th Anniversary (Davison's era) had the good sense to invite back the head writer from the Pertwee era."

The 60th announcement is not surprising, but his return certainly is.

Blimey.
Also we must call this era 
Rtd2
AHHHHHHHH

Guys this is going to be the show we've been waiting for a long time to come. Bucket the fuck up.

The Doctor is coming.
Absolutely amazing. It's been 10 years which is a lot of time for new ideas and reflection on what to do differently. I'm excited
So it's only few years until Moffat's return. Awesome. 

Jokes aside, I'm glad he's back.
Today is my wedding day and Doctor Who has been a cornerstone of my (soon to be) wife an I’s relationship. This just made a special day that much more special ❤️
Somehow can't believe this. But I must say, I am really smiling right now. BBC must have come with big bucks if he said yes after years of telling no to Moffat to write one episode. :D
Hopefully this will bring Murray Gold back too!
Russell: "I'm thinking I'm back"
WE FUCKING WIN
As much as im happy about this, I do get the sense of this being a 'break glass in case of emergency' move.
I cannot believe my eyes. This is fucking amazing
You know I had almost completely given up on Doctor Who, I'd blown off the last series, I barely think about it anymore and I can't remember the last time anyone I know even talked about the show.

Then this happens the show is being ressurected with passion and talent.

I dare to hope of a good episodes of high highs and low loes instead of bland dreck.
This is bonkers news.
Look, I have no idea what this will mean for the overall quality of the series, but I will be TUNING IN.
I’m looking forward to the return of grounded and well-developed companions and campy hijinks, that at least I feel can be guaranteed!
Holy hell!

I legitimately thought I was reading a joke tweet when I first saw this. Never in a million years did I think this would happen.

Now I want 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 to bounce around the universe together.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Well this makes me very happy. It's kinda surreal to think in the future, when people talk about the "RTD era" of Doctor Who, they'll have to clarify which one.

I am very excited to see how the show will, if at all, rebrand. New TARDIS interior, new logo, new screwdriver. I think it should do a complete rebrand, I think it's in dire need of a brand new image to give it the fresh start it needs to distance itself from a very controversial era, but whether the RTD-era designs will peek through or be returned entirely I am very interested to see.

I just hope he convinces Murray Gold to return, especially as he worked with him on his newer shows for both Years and Years and It's A Sin.
Hope this is good.

Watched every show of his and still love them to this day, I’ve weaned from the show in recent season so hopefully he can go back his brilliant best.
Holy crap this just absolutely made my day!!
This seems too good to be true. OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is no joke the best news I've heard all year!
i never ever thought id be as overjoyed as i am now about a fucking tv show but here we are
I cannot explain how excited I am! I grew up watching RTD's era and having him return is incredible!
Wow, didn't see this coming! Very excited for short-term post Chibnall era, but in the long term I'm still a bit worried for the future of the show. We'll just have to wait and see. RTD has only become a better writer since his original stint, so I look forward to seeing what he has in store for us
what in the fuck
I remember when this was legit an April Fools joke, and it's one of the few I legit fell for. I had to check my calendar to make sure I wasn't being punked again.
Is this incredible news? Yes

Am I worried that we've collectively been putting RTD on a pedestal for the last decade to the point that he could never match our colossal expectations, and the fact that some of his old episodes that we all adored would be universally panned if they came out today?

Also yes.
While I will admit I watched Doctor Who more during the Moffat Era, this is amazing news that one of the people who brought back one of the greatest, longest and most wonderfully convoluted continuities is back.
You could not live with your failure, and where did that bring you? Back to me.
Ever since he left, RTD has been saying that he’ll never come back, and hasn’t even given a passing thought to ideas for stories. So this is even huger than it may at first appear to be.

And even huger than that, because this is risky for him. He really went out on a high WRT Doctor Who. And now the general vibe is that he’s going to be the saviour of the show. But…what if he isn’t? What if the ratings don’t get better? What if people aren’t looking for his brand of Doctor Who right now?

Basically, if it’s a roaring success he’s not really going to end up with greater acclaim than he has now. But if it isn’t, then that could damage his reputation. In fact, if it’s just good, then *that* could damage his reputation.

It’s definitely a big move.

I wonder what it’s going to be like? I hope he’s bold with it and reinvents it again. Because both Moffat and Chibnall stuck fairly closely to the formula he first set out, and I think that after 16 years that’s started to feel a little tired. I suspect that even an RTD return may not be enough to make more of the same thing seem fresh and new. 

I mean, he was open about the fact that he based it in part on Buffy The Vampire Slayer. When Doctor Who premiered, Buffy had been off air for 2 years. Now it’s been off air for 18 years. That’s a huge difference.

But he’s a man with his finger on the pulse. He definitely knows how to write TV that captures the public’s imagination. I just…wonder what it’s going to be like.

Another thing that’ll be really different is that his era was characterised by re-introducing the show’s lore. The Daleks in series 1, the Cybermen in series 2, the Master in series 3, the Sontarans and Davros in series 4, and the Time Lords in the specials. Now, pretty much everything significant has been reintroduced. He won’t be a showrunner introducing the show to a new audience, he’ll be a showrunner trying to make something nearly 2 decades old seem fresh and new.

I also wonder exactly what we’re going to get. When he first did the show, he introduced the “4 series, then a year of specials while the next showrunner shadows the current one” as the ongoing template. Which was then not stuck to. I wonder if he’ll try that again, or if the article is suggesting that he’s just going to do the 1 series after the 60th.

And, all that said…imagine an RTD-written-and-produced Weeping Angels episode…
So happy. There was never a bad Doctor Who season  under RTD's watch as show runner. Bad episodes or choices sometimes yes but never a bad season. 
Season 1-4 was the best ❤️

Blows my mind that in the future we'll have to specify which RTD era we're talking about 🤯
Oh. My. GOD!

When I saw this on Insta, my first thought was "Hang on? This isn't an old April Fool's post that showed up on my newsfeed *extremely* late is it?''

Needless to say I'm still processing...

This has got to be the BIGGEST Doctor Who related announcement since I became a fan almost exactly 7 years ago now. Bigger than the announcement of Jodie being cast as the Doctor, or Chibnall, or the return of Jack Harkness. Bigger perhaps even than Eccleston doing Big Finish.

I'm more of a Moffat fan, but Doctor Who as we know it today is the house that RTD built. Its really an honour for the BBC, and fans across the world, to have the man himself return to take the show to hopefully even greater heights!

What a great day to be a Doctor Who fan :D
Well if they could make one choice to show  
  
a) how little confidence they have/had in Chibnall and his entire era and  
  
b) how few options they have  
  
then this is a perfect choice.

(In fairness though I'm very intrigued to see how this will go and think it could end up being very cool. It's just that this choice placed in the context of recent seasons gives me pause.)
Please bring back Murray Gold as well!
They did it, the mad lads actually did it.
i was never much of an rtd person, mostly huge on moffat, but i cheered when i saw this because HOORAY WE’RE BACK TO COMPETENCE
And the fandom rejoiced.
*You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me.*
For the love of god please fix the timeless child nonsense
Get the guy who brought the show back after years off the air
to bring the show's viewership after bad years

its like poetry
We shouldn't expect the second RTD era to be exactly like the first.
Wow was I not expecting to see that. I wonder who his doctor is going to be? This is exciting!
Thinking about it, this was probably inevitable. Chibnall spent his whole era trying to be RTD and giving us call-backs to his era, it sort of begged the question of 'why don't we just get RTD back?'
No way. This is surreal! Not only is Chibnall leaving, but the legendary show runner who brought the show back is returning? And, with a new Doctor formed by his vision?
Whoever is the next Doctor needs to start working on cardio. Because there’s an awful lot of running to do.
The one thing RTD could do as showrunner better than his successors was curate. He knew how to shape and place a series so it felt a cohesive whole. That’s been missing since he left, neither Moffat (much as I do love his era as runner) nor Chibnall (who failed to bring to Who what he did with Broadchurch) could manage a series without it feeling scrappy, loose, a little disjointed at times.

While I’m more surprised than elated by this news, I am optimistic that future series under RTD’s supervision will feel again like tight continuing stories rather than several episodic adventures pieced together in a shambolic collective.
Russell you beautiful bastard! Welcome back!
Excited to say the least! Considering some of his post show running DW writing contributions we are in store for possibly Doctor Who's most playful era in decades!
Did you guys wish really hard? 

I’m very much psyched about this RTD is one of the greatest writers not just of Doctor Who but all television. However I also generally think don’t go back is a good motto in life. RTD is smart enough to know this can’t just be a nostalgia train he won’t just repeat the way things were done before it’s not 2005 anymore but at the same time if it isn’t as good there’ll always be caveats to his legacy from now on.

This does look bad for the BBC though. Chibnall’s maintained that he always had a 3 season/5 year plan so they knew they would need a replacement so to have none lined up and have to convince someone to return looks like they don’t have a clear idea of what they’re doing
Copying and pasting this from another site I frequent, 'cause I'm lazy.

Another big positive to this? Davies and Moffat are both staunchly pro-Big Finish/EU. Not that Chibnall's anti-Big Finish/EU. He's just not that into it himself. Davies has already collaborated with Big Finish to create the original cast for Series 5 & 6 of Torchwood (Jack, Andy and \[Redacted\] aside, it was an entirely new cast).  
  
And during his original run he employed fellow EU writers such as Steven Moffat, Mark Gatiss, Paul Cornell, Matt Jones, Gareth "I'm a transphobic piece of shit" Roberts and Robert motherfucking Shearman. Shit. The entire first series was written solely by EU writers!  
  
Not to mention his original plans to have Jo Grant continue to play a recurring role on The Sarah Jane Adventures and bring other Classic Who companions like Ace back as well. What could this mean for the 60th Anniversary special and beyond?

This news also let's me breathe a sigh of relief and just enjoy Chibnall's final nine episodes for what they are instead fretting over the show's creative and financial future. For me, the Chibnall era was NuWho's 5th Doctor/Eric Saward era: A few legit brilliant episodes, a few embarrassingly awful episodes and a whole lot of "Meh. That episode was fine, I guess."  
  
Who knows? The tail end of his two season run on Torchwood was bold and exciting. Maybe lightening will strike twice.
H-holy fuck omg wHAT

THIS WAS LITERALLY SOMETHING I SAID WOULD BE BEST CASE SCENARIO BUT I DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD HAPPEN
I would love for Doctor Who Confidential to come back, which I know is a pretty weird hope to have considering we're getting RTD back as a writer, but seeing how the show was made was genuinely something that brought me joy.

He was so hands on as a showrunner, moreso than practically anyone in television, and I'm so thrilled that he's coming back. His writing has actually become so much better than it already was as well, his talent has grown and I can't wait to see how that reflects in the show.

Alongside Confidential, I'd love if he reintroduced spin offs again. Unfortunately Class didn't exactly work out (although I think given the chance it could have found a place) and that may have put the BBC and the production team off creating anything else, but the way Russell expanded the universe of the show so people of all ages could find something for them was fantastic. 

He just gets the show, from comedy, drama, horror and especially the utterly absurd camp episodes, and perhaps most of all he respects the show's past and knows how to build the future.

Not every episode that he made was brilliant, but somehow even his bad episodes have charm. 

My only real predictions however are that Doctor Who is about to get a lot more Welsh and a lot more gay, and that's all I really need.

I just wish he had the chance to write for Jodie on screen and give her a story that is memorable in the right way, but who knows, maybe Chibnall will manage to surprise me and create a fitting swansong for her. 

Bring on the future.
I haven't seen anyone comment this, but does that mean no full series for over two years now?

Series 13: Late 2021

Three specials: Throughout 2022

"Russell T Davies will make an explosive return to screens to celebrate the 60th Anniversary of Doctor Who in 2023, and series beyond", and that means...

60th anniversary first: November 2023

Then "series beyond", means Series 14: Early 2024?
FANTASTIC.
Insert Michael Scott remain calm gif
I'll be interested to see if his storytelling style has evolved. I really like his season of Who but if it's the same style it's going to feel very dated for modern TV.
You know who's probably the most most excited about this? Moffat himself.
Paul McGann's time to finally shine on screen (even more than The Night of the Doctor which really was a brief window into What Could Have Been)!
Now if we can just get Tom Ellis to play the Doctor we'll have a proper recovery from Chibnal - IMO.
Man, Moffat must be *pissed* that RTD is going to steal his distinction of having written more Doctor Who TV stories than anyone else.
I genuinely thought RTD would have been a “if you see me near Doctor Who again please shoot me” type after what it took out of him the first time round. But it’s been over a decade, so obviously he’s come back round to it! 

It’s very woolly written as to how long he’s staying. He’s here to write the anniversary and a bit more beyond, but whether that means a full multi-season run or just a handful of extra episodes until someone else takes over is unclear.
Fantastic 

Absolutely fantastic
RTd was absolutely responsible for some of the worst episodes of modern Who. But also some of the absolute best too.

I’ve always felt that while Moffat could be a solid 8/10 week in week out, RTd varied between 3/10 and 10/10, but in a FUN way. Give him money and let’s see what happens.
Did we just win?
Everybody's talking about RTD of course. But I'm curious what the new production team means. For people know about this sort of thing I thought the BBC always produced Doctor Who entirely internally (except for the movie of course). But this almost seems to be the BBC handing the show to someone else, at least partially.

Is that how this works and could this be a sign of them starting to give the show away a bit, or is that not at all how this works?
Chibnall out and Russell back. Well BBC you got me, I’m back in. The man that restarted it all has returned <3
Remember how in day of the doctor who we learned that this future was only one of the possible futures of the war doctor? Can we pull one of those and just like, sweep all of Chris Chibnall under the rug, or at least like, selectively edit the timeless child out? Since the community hates it so much i feel like this would be a great way to fix it. But then again I am a 17 year old in his pajamas writing this at 3 am, so what do i know, good night.
Anyone else worried this is a step backwards? Obviously he is an incredibly important figure in doctor who but was there really no one else?
Decent stories, good companions, fleshed out Doctors... now with better CGI!
I preferred Moffat's time as show runner, but this is certainly exciting!
It's been eight hours now and I'm still in disbelief at the news. This is the happiest I've been for the franchise in a very long time.
Good to know I have a little more than a year to prepare for Russell to emotionally cripple me again
I..can..I can watch doctor who again....is this a dream?
The return of the king
Russell T Davies is coming back to Doctor Who. JLS have reunited and are making new music. Big Time Rush have reunited and are making new music and even Waterloo Road is coming back. 

This month has been fucking nuts 😂
i keep having to come back to this thread just to make sure this wasn't a dream
I have to say I really want to see RTD write for Whittaker, just once. The Sarah Jane crossover episode he did with Smith is one of my favorite things from Eleven's time. I'd love to see what Thirteen would be like with the subtlness and narrative building of RTD instead of the Chibnall's clunky and telegraphed writing.
While this will probably make the writing of the series better, it does kind of reek of desperation on BBC's part. DW has been on the decline in terms of ratings for the past decade or so and BBC needs their cashcow to flourish. So what do they do? Bring back the guy that ran the whole deal when the show was at its all-time peak of course. 

I just hope Russell is coming back because he wants to, and not because the BBC is hedging their bets in a vain attempt at relevancy
It's a shame that Jodie associated herself so closely with Chris Chibnall, because it didn't end up working out for her at all.

All of this hip-hip-hooray over RTD returning is nice and everything - and I'm happy he's returning; his work was hit-and-miss just like Moffat's, but on the whole, he was a decent showrunner - but I feel like Jodie Whittaker got screwed by the abysmal writing and showrunning under Chibnall, and she (unjustly) took a lot of the guff that should've been solely aimed at him and his writing team.

It's too bad that Jodie won't get a chance to shine with RTD at the helm; I think he'd do much better by her than Chibnall ever did.
Genuinely super surprised, I was kinda expecting something along the lines of ‘RTD returns to write a few episodes in the future’ from all of the supposed ‘leaks’ we’ve been having but the fact that he’s a full on *showrunner* after Chibnall... holy shit. 

I’m convinced that this new era will be at *least* better than the current one which is a bit of a mess imo. Obviously RTD did write some shit during his era but he also really understood what worked in the show and the fact he managed to make it so popular was great. And there’s also a solid chance that he’s improved as it’s been years since series 4. All in all, this news is really exciting.
WHAAAAT!?

Okay, this was a turn I didn't see coming.  Now I wonder who's 14.
I didn't love how RTD resolved stories and wrote twists, but he came up some of the best ideas, reimagined the show in a light that influenced all of the Moffat era, delivered amazing character moments, plus a hundred more tiny things.

Plus, he had 10 years to mature and expand as a writer. I cannot wait for this!!!
Do not weep with regret for the years we lost. Weep with joy for those still to come
I didnt understand exactly, is he only for 60th year anniversary or full seasons
It will be a dream come true if he convinces Moffat to come back to write his classic two-part stories. Davies as Showrunner and Moffat sprinkled throughout was a dream team back in the day.
Delighted at that. Nail a good doctor now and another golden age hopefully follows after the last few years its needed
It's beautiful, I've looked at this for five hours now.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING
OH MY GOD
I don't think I've been this excited since... well, since the last time it was announced that RTD was going to be producing Doctor Who.
OH MY GOD, I don't even know what to feel!!

Can we skip the next season and go straight to his episodes, please?
If Moffat also came back to write a few episodes, that would be epic
Amazing news!

BUT I'm no longer 15 as I was the first time around and not able to enjoy his era with those innocent, uncritical eyes

I shall blame Russell and the BBC for this when his era starts!
Everyone liked that
Wow.

Did they actually learn from their mistakes?
Personally I'm hoping the new Doctor is a woman.

The first example of a female Doctor faltered badly through no fault of the idea itself, and if they back away from it now I'm worried it'd be forever before anyone's willing to give it another go.
Amazing news! My only regret is that we won't get a season with Jodie as the doctor with him in charge.
YES! Fucking finally. Chibnall was so bad i actually stopped watching altogether and that made me sad.
While this is great news, I can’t help but feel bad for Jodie. As much as I don’t hate Chibs era as hard as others, I do think she was done dirty and would have loved to see her under another show runner
I'm old enough to remember when the fandom was tired RTD and ready for the Moffatt era
First off, unqualified positives. 

RTD is a proven successful TV producer with his own production company built from his success on Doctor Who that the BBC can now sort of outsource responsibility for the show to. He definitely has a passion for the show and is a talented writer and producer. 

and now some qualms... 

*Baggage.* 

There's alot of legacy from behind the scenes during his previous tenure on the show that have surfaced even recently. Eccleston has said things. Sexual harassment scandals from actors. Be your own judge on how you think this reflects on RTD himself and his production of Doctor Who in particular, both in the past and the potential future. I can't and won't speculate. I'm just sayin'... the baggage is there.

*Going backwards?* 

As a sort of hypothetical parallel, let's place ourselves in the 80's. Trial of a Timelord is doing well, but not exactly saving the show, we've got production problems behind the scenes, one of the old guard in Bob Holmes has passed, The BBC are noncommittal about even continuing the show, but feel like they have to because of it's fans. General shabby treatment of staff. Here we are... stage is set. 

Now imagine that the BBC decide that the show is a problem that they don't want, and they decide to largely give it over to Barry Letts. The show was really successful with a major shake up in 70's under him and Terrance Dicks. Let's see if they can do it again.

Now maybe this hypothetical idea would have been massively successful, saved the show for many years into the future, and led to a golden age of Doctor Who. Also maybe, it would have been a horrible misguided desperation move by the company, and the show would have crashed and burned, or at least failed to deliver the miracle the bbc was looking for and been cancelled anyway. That wouldn't be a reflection on Barry or Terrance, but rather an inevitable result of what turned out to be a bad idea.

That's kind of where I am with this announcement. Conflicted. Like, "Wow... this could be awesome... or a disaster... or neither... 2 out of those 3 options aren't great for the show. Obviously I wish them and the show great success, because I want it to be good and go on forever. Maybe he has some strong, fresh ideas for the future of the show and the skills and experience to pull them off, and this future run of the show will be awesome. I hope so.
WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK 

This will bring lapsed fans back, for a couple episodes at least. Get in
While I’m absolutely thrilled to see RTD return and see what he can do now with EVEN MORE experience under his belt and a real budget to match, I can’t help but be concerned. I’ve heard Moffat basically had to beg Chibnall to take the job and now RTD is returning, it really seems like no one wants this job.

The hours are clearly a nightmare, and no matter what you do a large segment of the fandom will call you the worst thing to ever happen to one of the longest running shows of all time. It’s not an appealing offer for many.
Literally the only thing that would make me happier would be Murray Gold returning. He's like 70% of the spirit of Dr Who for me
without fail the scene where 'Vincent Van Gogh' Visits the gallery brings me near tears.

"Pain is easy to portray, but to use your passion and pain to portray the ecstasy, joy  and magnificence of our world , no one had done it before , perhaps no one will ever do it again" 

Best way to sum the guy up 
This was a real man which is what gets me. he lived during a time where mental illness was stigmatized (too a  much  greater degree than it is in  today) and to just imagine that this artist and person got to just know how beloved his work was and how beloved he would be, god it just hits your soul

The reality is much harsher and sadder, Vincent died thinking his art was a failure and people thinking he was crazy. this to me is the most beautiful thing the show has done (New who, classic and big finish, any books or comics) its just above Lucie Millers death in the Big Finish audios in my book. 

it hits me because Vincent wasn't killed by some space monster or explosion on a alien ship (turned into a cybernetic being or .. killed by a  raven), he faced something we all could face which is illness. the episode made me look into him and lord the man lived among so many unappreciative  small minded people but jokes on them its Vincent who is going to be remembered in the annuals of history. its just a shame he never got to live and see how appreciated he  was and his art was.

We could all be Vincent at some stage of our lives so in life just remember to be kind to each other and realize that as bad as things can get you can have a bigger impact on things than you could imagine.
I think what hit home the most about this episode is that even though he was shown how loved, admired and respected he was the outcome was still the same.

To suffer to such a degree. Even when shown the good and joy that he created, to still feel worthless.
  
That resonates with me when I have my dark days, even the light in my life isn't bright enough to conquer the dark completely. 
Tony Curran played Van Gogh so well and Bill Nighy as the curator of the exhibit was sublime, but the crushing part was when they learned that Van Gogh still committed suicide even after hearing all that...that demolished me as someone who has struggled with depression. 
Near tears? I full on ugly-cry for like ten minutes afterward. 
May just be the most brilliant scenes of Doctor Who ever written. 
[deleted]
The entire back half of this episode, after they felt with the monster of the week, is amazing. Starry Night, taking Vincent to the museum, the farewell, then "For Amy" and the pile of good things.  One of the best episodes of Doctor Who.

Look at Vincent's fascination with the other works in the museum before they even get to the Van Gogh room. Can you imagine how it would be to tour an art museum with a master painter like Vincent Van Gogh?
I know it's not from this scene, but it's from this episode: 

>"It seems to me there's so much more to the world than the average eye is allowed to see. I believe, if you look hard, there are more wonders in this universe than you could ever have dreamed of."
Every. Single. Time. Hell, I've explained this episode to a non -whovian and started crying. 
I think that scene and this one:

 https://youtu.be/GoVLhUxhdSw

Are shining examples if how great Matt Smith was at playing the Doctor. 
[Still doesn't hold a candle to this scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EPLY9XG5nU)
This show has done it for me time and time again in some of the most powerful moments I've felt from tv. This episode was a curious one, because it wasn't what I was hoping for or expecting considering other elements going on in the overall story..

But by god, this scene. I don't know if it was the music and the perfect timing, the fantastic camera work, or the truly masterful dialogue that captured all of the emotion I could hope for into one.. but this scene stands out to me and I will never not be amazed by it.
Seeing the freaking thumbnail has me tearing up in the middle of Target you bastard.
I will upvote this scene every single time it gets posted!!!
Every Time this is posted I rewatch it and tear up just the same and the first time. One of my favorite all time episodes.
This scene makes me wonder what it would be like to do this with someone like Tesla 
When I first started showing my boyfriend Doctor Who, this was one of the first episodes I made him watch. He loved it so much, and he loved how much it meant to me, that now he too is a huge fan. I'm tearing up just thinking about the scene and I haven't even hit play yet.
This is one of the best moments from Matt's turn as the Doctor -- it was so moving. 
I cry every time. It reminds me of my own struggles with mental unwellness and I get to thinking what van Gogh must have had to go through, what his life must have been like with no meds and no support, but with everyone thinking he was crazy. And he never even got to live to see how appreciated and loved he would become. Thats the saddest part.
"Near tears"? This hits me on a totally different wave length...I have a dissociative disorder and have had a long battle with mental illness. Not feeling worthy of happiness is my MO.
I saw Starry Night over the summer IRL. This episode made me feel a deeper emotional connection to him and his work, and let's just say I got a little emotional to see his work in the flesh 
Beautiful scene. Also you can never go wrong with Bill Nighy. 
Without a doubt, one of the most brilliant moments in the show's history.
Watch Loving Vincent. It’s an incredible film
I’m glad they didn’t ruin the clip with one of the annoying “SUBSCRIBE or LIKE” ads at the end. 
As someone with autism, major depressive disorder, and anxiety, this scene means so much to me. It makes me feel like I'm actually worth something.
I alwaya cry during this scene too, both because of the reasons you said and because of my own struggles with my mental illness. I think this is one of the most beautifully excecuted scenes in newWho and I love it so much.
As much as we talk about Blink, I think this is the perfect episode to draw in people who wouldn’t otherwise be inclined to watch Doctor Who. You have the Doctor coming to side of a popular historical figure to whom the Doctor and Amy were able to bring joy but ultimately were unable to spare from his fate. As melancholy as the ending is, the message is ultimately positive—they added to his pile of good things, and the bad things don’t cancel them out. 
Inspired this

 https://imgur.com/gallery/S4O3y
I visited the Van Gogh museum 3 days in a row this summer.  I also went to the MOMA and the Musee D'Orsay.  I had a long overdue exposure.  It was wonderful.  

"Vincent Van Gogh, why do you weep? You were on your way to heaven, but the road was steep. And who was there to break your fall? We're guilty, one and all." This was a man who was brilliant, but the cards life dealt him were too much. If you see that "weird" guy who seems depressed or like something is hanging over them, get to know them or at the very least say hello. Doing even the simplest thing can save a life and you might not know it
It makes me bawl every single time. Without fail.
I fucking cried.
One of the greatest doctor moments right there
This scene never fails to get me to bawl like a baby. He hated himself and his work so much and yet here is his work featured in a museum, loved by many. This is, by far, one of my favorite doctor who scenes. 
Holy shit how'd they get him to come on the show? 
Fucking hell. I don’t even watch doctor who, but knowing a bit about Van Gogh, this got me good.
Absolutely destroys me every time. First time I was wailing!!! 

There’s hundreds of programs out there which deal with depression, tackle suicide, and yet out of all of them, Doctor bloody Who is the one that does it best with grace, delicacy and most importantly, positivity! 

Yes depression is sad, but out of it comes beauty and positivity, and nobody else ever dares to tackle that. Let alone in a family sci-fi about a time travelling alien.
There have been two episodes that left me a blubbering mess - this one and the Tenth Doctor's last episode. "I don't want to go." God, I love David Tennant... He was my favourite Doctor. 
I have never watched a single episode, I will start. Thank you.
A great example of how sci fi can tell a human story that simply cannot be told otherwise. 
One of my favorite moments of any show I’ve watched. Fantastic.
I’m a full grown man and this scene and when people are given those sunglasses that let Colorado blind people see colour make me blubber like a big baby 
Every time! 
i was in tears!!!!!
This is my favorite segment of Doctor Who 
I love this episode
This was a beautiful episode. Tragic and heartbreaking and I loved all of it.
I know this scene as well as my favourite music video. sounds, the music, every scene. To me this is what makes doctor who so special. Scenes like this.  I so whish they would do more of this.
That was beautiful 
I find it hard to believe that this is the same man who played Datak Tarr, and yet not surprised at all
I can't recommend seeing the movie "[Loving Vincent](https://youtu.be/CGzKnyhYDQI)" enough. It's completely animated in oil paintings and has a very similar feel to this episode. 
Love this episode! Although I just watched the guy (Van Gogh) drive an ice pick into another guys eye in Daredevil... kinda breaks the "tortured artist" spell!!
Watching that video, I notice something.  A lot of those paintings aren't at the Lourve.  Starry Night lives at the MOMA in NYC and a couple of the Monets Vincent looks at are at the Clark in Williamstown.
Crying with snot
Awww you guys!!! I don't even watch Dr Who, I am here from r/all. This just made my day! I am crying like a baby here. Thanks for the emotional Saturday :)
Watched "Loving Vincent" and then transitioned into this episode. Very beautiful. 
This is by far my favorite episode. I love his paintings and Doctor Who brought something else to life. Such a good episode. 
This episode is really amazing.
Im not that much of a doctor who but this episode i remember very well and even had a bit of a wobberly lip watching that scene
I remember when I read the novel about Van Gogh, "Lust For Life", way back when, what he said is exactly how I pictured him. I could really feel Goghs frustration in trying to be the best person he could but failing or being rejected by the ones he loved most. 
That made me teary without even pressing play. Such a great scene. 
Geez, this got me...as someone who often feels unappreciated....
The first time I saw this I was so annoyed at the way they said "van Gogh" but I ended up crying too hard to let it really bother me 
 this is one of my favorite episodes :)
Can confirm.

Source: Am crying.
Nardole: That’s the Doctor for you. Never notices the tears.
Bill: I don't think they're mine.

...I'm not crying...
I go well past near.  It's my favorite episode.
Thank you; I needed that. Sometimes I wonder how I got so involved in this series. Other times, I wonder how I'm not more involved.
same. one of the best scenes of the entire series, top 5 easily
I watched Living Vincent in the theater and had to watch this clip immediately so I could get a solid cry going.
Im not smart enough to cry to this
Love love love those scene. 

Idk if it’s been mentioned here, but check out the movie Loving Vincent that is out right now. It is entirely hand painted, and a very touching, moving story. Gave me similar feelings to this episode. 
On my phone and can’t Shazam it, but what’s the song playing in the scene?
Niagara Falls Frankie Angel.
Favorite episode. Favorite scene. 
This episode and The Girl in the Fireplace are my two standout Who episodes. So absolutely beautiful and tragic.
Never even seen the show, and that still got me. Thank you. 
/r/all here. I though this was gonna be a funny scene ;-;
1/10, too many ears
The bit where his mouth opens ever so slightly as he realizes. 
Like dis if you cry everytim. 
I told my wife that I'm a man and men don't cry. She then made me watch this episode and men do cry
By far my favorite episode of all.
Did nothing for me 
I totally forgot this scene existed. I didn’t need to cry today.
This is my all time favorite episode. 
Moments like this, moments in blink, moments in girl in the fireplace and silence in the library are just so damn strong you can't help but miss moffats one off amazing episodes. 
This is one of my favorite episodes and it's in large part because of this scene. It sends chills down my spine every time. Also my go-to episode for introducing people to Doctor Who.
I’ve lost too many friends and family to suicide.This is the episode my wife chose to introduce me to Dr Who. Total snot bubble ugly cried at the end of it. Still my favorite episode of all time.
Where can I watch this show? I’ve always wanted to watch it. I’ve only hear good things. 
I’m a pretty hardened sonuvabitch...but this scene makes me misty every damn time.
By the way, if you want to find time travellers, you should look for spaceships in the region of space that the earth will be at in the future...  Not in a hotel room Mr wheels....  
Thank you for posting this. Always makes my day better seeing my fav who scene.
Love this scene. One of my favorite episodes.

Realization of what he has done and how he sees it being admired by others is such a nice euphoric moment.
Oh my God yes
Ive never watched Doctor Who, but this had me in tears as well.

That was a damn good scene, even without the context.
I got to go to a Van Gogh gallery in France a couple months ago. Some of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen. He is by far one of my all time favourite painters of all time.
someone must be cutting onions in here, cuz these eyes are a cryin'.
This is my favourite episode in all of doctor who
Can anyone point me to a good place to start with Doctor Who?

Do I need to begin at the very start to have a full appreciation of the story? I worry that I'd find the original episodes dated and lose interest before getting to the more recent series.

I really wanted to watch this clip since I assume it's Mr. Van Gogh seeing how appreciated his art is. Could be wrong, but I didn't want to spoil it, and Dr. Who has always been on my to-watch list; the daunting episode count has always just given me an excuse for putting it off.
This is one of my all time favorite episodes, hands down. Gets me every time. I found and downloaded the song at the end and played it on repeat for a while after I first watched this. 
I miss this show so much. I hate that Netflix got rid of it ;(
It's one of those scenes that never loses it's impact on repeat viewing too. That actor did a brilliant job.
*near* tears?  I blubber like a baby when he gets there...

Every god damn time too.
I saw this scene on tumblr a few years ago. Got me to start appreciating art and artist of all kinds. Sure it's a show, but it touched my soul
I love this scene.
This is by far my favorite scene in Dr. Who with a historical figure he's visiting. Choked me up something fierce.
This is my favourite episode ever, last time I did watch this I actually cried 
I walked down the aisle at our wedding to that song for this very reason.
I can't NOT tear up when watching this, thanks OP I needed this lately.

I'm not crying. I just have something in both my eyes. 
It makes me cry for a different reason.  I really wanted a Bill Nighy Doctor....*sniff.  (I heard they offered him the role but he turned it down).
Two ears.   I call BS.   But, seriously.  I’ve never watched this show, but that was very touching.   I started humming starry starry night as I watched him tear up.  Great portrayal.   
That's just the really happy climb up before the emotional piledriver when they come back.
Absolutely my favourite episode. The song is Chances by athlete in case anyone was interested 
Damn..... got me again. You speak the truth
Still my favourite scene and maybe even episode of the whole series. Truly heartbreaking. 
S.3 E8-9: Hold my beer.
I've only ever actually seen this sole episode of Doctor Who, and yet still consider it to be one of the greatest episodes/moments in any TV show.
I’ve seen this episode twice and honestly I don’t know if I could ever watch it again.
Not gonna lie, this is the sole reason I started watching the show. 
There are a few episodes that bring me close to tears, but this one...This so wondrous scene makes the hair stand up on my arms before I even begin th well up with tears. Nothing is finer. And to close it out, the heart break of Amy when she realizes that in the end nothing really changed......I think it let's her glimpse into the tormented soul of the Doctor. As much as he wants to change things, even he is limited.....but damn, those would have been beautiful gingers!
This makes me really want to start binge watching it 
Watched that episode 2 days ago for the berry first time .it was epic .
Only near? I cry as a little Dalek that hasn't kill anything in five minutes.
I dunno, i feel like he was overrated.
I kept thinking about this scene when I first watched 'Loving Vincent'. It added another layer of sadness while I watched the film that I teared up many times, especially when they mentioned how he wasn't successful or recognized during his time.
Fuck you OP, you made me cry.
Easily the most beautiful DW moment. I love watching reaction videos of people seeing this bit. 
This is r/frisson material if i've ever see it...
Didn’t even watch it and I’m crying like a baby. My arms are covered in goose bumps and there’s a huge lump in my throat. This is one of my favorite episodes of the whole show
This made me remember how much I used to love this show. I stopped watching after Matt left but I used to enjoy it so much!
Oof, right in the feels
Just a tactic of fiction to charm the miserable fucks who get shitted on every day by the stubborn jackasses of the world.
This is one of the best episodes of television there ever was.
Perfect, thank you!  
i SO HATE THIS SCENE!

excuse me, I seem to have something in my eye...


Every fucking time. 
oh god, hands down the best feels eps ever
The sunflowers...oh my god...I'm not crying. My eyes are just trying to see the world like Van Gogh.
One day, I will be able to watch this and not shed a tear.

Today is not that day.
It’s just too hokey for me. It’s too wacky and cartoony I guess. This is not a bad idea but I don’t like the execution of the clip. Why do so many people like doctor who? Every clip I see is super corny and unfunny, is it supposed to be funny?
Hi from r/all. I've never seen a Doctor Who episode in my life but this was beautiful. Wish it was real, Vincent deserved it. By far my favourite painter.
I was actually just thinking about the previous posts of this video today. 
Van Gogh looks like Pete Townshend in the thumbnail
Every god damn time. 
Sometimes doctor who just nailes it
Such a good actor the way he pulled this off. Can’t watch this without tearing up. 
Some of the greatest acting that season 
Every single fucking time. My favorite scene in the entire series.
Yep. Sums up the magic of the show and the character pretty succinctly. Plus Bill Nighy's performance here is just sublime.
I've never watched Doctor Who, but that's about to change. Do I need to watch the older seasons to understand the story? 
i tired getting into doctor who but i just found the first few episodes a bit boring and fell out of it, any good recommendations on where to start? this episodes looks interesting.
Every single time!! This ep. is my go to when I want a good cry. 
My favorite episode 
Still one of my favorite 11th Doctor moments. Loved how they summed up one of my favorite painters. Definitely one of my favorite episodes.
Oh gosh, me too. Yeah, I am tearing up a bit right now just looking at the video preview still. So much emotion in those eyes.
Uh, I said “100 words...”
This is one of my favorite episodes.  If not my number one favorite, it's hard to say.  It's just so emotional and brilliant that it rips to me shreds every time.
This is hands down my favorite " new " who episode. When I explain Dr. Who to people, I tell them that while the special effects aren't the best, the story and the actors ability to tell said story is what makes me watch want to watch more, and than I refer people to this exact episode.
It's weird that there isn't an ending on this video.
This is my favorite episode and scene for that exact reason.  You know its true televison perfection when a few people in costumes, acting out a scene in front of a camera, can cause the viewer to have a deep emotional response every time they watch.  
Every time! 
One of the greatest scenes in tv history. 
I just realized last night that he's also a mod boss in Daredevil season 2. Thought it was mildly interesting.
Every bloody time
I have watched this episode more than any other and it gets me every time.  It is so well done. I have that song on my playlist I listen to at work and never get tired of listening to it and playing that scene over and over in my head when I hear it.  How they portray his moods and his pain is so familiar.👌😢
I agree. Almost made me cry, similair when they did goodbye to rose and they erased doña memorie
So I suspect that Matt smith will make a come back to Dr who as that art currator
Seeing gifs of this scene without context made me get into the show and I still cried during this scene. So happy that I was introduced in the way that I was.
This scene man. I just can't. This one and the past scene with rory and Amy make me cry like a baby
I don't appreciate the end of this video 
Every time.
Just watched it at work with the sound off. Still cried at my desk.
Highly agree. It felt too yo-yo like. 
Amazing acting!!
I feel like I’m the only one who thinks this is lame af.
I've been re watching from Doctor 9 and just hit series 7. Many tears have been shed and this one is the hardest.
God. Scene kills me every time. 

He was such a beautiful man. 
My girlfriend hates the show but I made her watch this episode and she cried as well.
Every fucking time...
Please someone explain me why I just cried again?
Every goram time!
Yes get me every time
YOU STOP THIS NOW 
Best scene of the 11th Doctor!
Every. Damn. Time.
[deleted]
Do I need to re-watch this episode? I’m about to go to bed but fully expect to wake up to a flood of downvotes but there is absolutely nothing special about this episode to me. I did a double take the first time I saw it on a fan list of best episodes ever. It just didn’t resonate with me at all. 
Remind me! 3 months to repost this.
Without fail, this episode makes me cry nearly the whole episode through, especially the end
Every. Fucking. Time.
Every. Single. Time. 
As a full time artist this scene is so incredibly inspiring to me. 
Every.... Damn.... Time!!!
Every time.
right in the feels.
Every... Dang... Time....

For me, my wife, AND my two teens.

This is one of ALL of our favorite episodes!
Though bringing a famous person who died centuries ago to the present day and into a public place seems rather irresponsible and a recipe for disaster.
Ruined by the lame music choice. Just piano would have sufficed and made the scene stronger. 
I was actually just thinking about this scene today... huh.
Does this sort of thing happen in this show? People of the past come to today's age? If so I should start watching ha
The only Matt and Amy episode I can tolerate without throwing up 🤮 
In typical doctor who fashion, they turned it up to 11 when a 4 would have worked better and wouod be more dignified. 
Most people don't realize this, but that Van Gogh is a big fat phony.
Gingers make me weep too. As a barber I charge them extra as their wiry cheesy hair blunts my scissors and clippers faster. 
I don't even care how often this is reposted. Worth watching every time.
One of my favorite scenes in television history. It made me cry like a baby.
Bernard Cribbins, star of The Railway Children and Doctor Who, dies aged 93

Was so good as Wilfred that he made a fairly minor recurring character universally beloved and iconic even to this day, that’s a great actor. Going to be missed
Knew it was coming at some point but brutal news to wake up to.

[BBC Obituary](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-13099773)

[In his element on Never Mind the Buzzcocks to cheer you up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJbJjn98Ngw)
Every night, when it gets dark and the stars come out, I'll look up. I'll look up at the sky and think of you.

R.I.P. Bernard
The worst news to wake up to, R.I.P.
Such an amazing individual for sure. Made me smile from ear to ear and made me cry in the same episodes he was in. Definitely a major highlight in the New Who era.
Will always be on of the most iconic doctor who character. RIP Bernard
It’s safe to say that the Doctor Who community will never forget him. He will live on in our TV screens forever. May he rest in peace.
I saw his name on my notifications and got excited, thinking it might have been a Doctor Who thing or a new project of his. Although he was 93, it still feels too soon. Thank you Bernard Cribbins, for everything.
Fuck. 93 and still far too soon. I hope the 60th is a worthy tribute to him
I will always remember him first and foremost as the companion of Doctor Who in the second Dalek movie... 

RIP Bernard Cribbins. You will always be missed.
Heart broken such a part of childhood. Remember you're a Womble.
Damn, gotta go back and rewatch Series 4 now… hope the 60th does him justice
RIP Bernard. If I were a Timelord and you knocked 4 times, it would indeed be my honor.
Rest in peace to Bernard Cribbins and I just want to say that Wilfred Mott’s speech in the episode Journey’s End is the single greatest performance, dialogue exchange, and scene of all of Doctor Who.
Particularly at the end of the scene when Wilfred says to the grief-stricken Doctor: 

“But, every night, Doctor... when it gets dark, and the stars come out, I'll look up... on her behalf. I'll look up at the sky... and think of you.”

That will be our job from now on. When the stars come out, we will all look up at the sky and think of you Bernard Cribbins.
Literally just cried in the car as it came on the news while out. Such an amazing actor and will miss him greatly
He is my favorite character of the series. Sad day.
Fuck.
A huge part of my childhood just died. 

Daleks: Invasion Earth (alongside another legend, Peter Cushing)

The Wombles

So many Carry On & comedy films

The Railway Children

Jackanory

Fawlty Towers

And of course, in my adult years...Wilf in Doctor Who

Rest in Peace Sir, you will always be remembered.
He had a great innings, but still very sad news. I wonder if he will still feature in the RTD specials or if they were still filming?
He had to be one of my favourite celebrities ever. He was Wilf in Doctor Who, police constable Tom Campbell in Dr. Who, and he sang right said fred and digging a hole. Two songs that are forever stuck in my head. R.I.P. Bernard ):
I looked him up only a couple of months ago and saw how old he was.  I knew this would happen sooner than I wanted it to.
Bruh I literally just randomly searched Doctor Who news to see if there was any news with the series in general, this sucks
o7
I hope he still makes it into the new series, would be a nice send off for him
Nooooooooooooooooo
Let’s make the specials a dedication to him. I believe he’s in them which will be his last appearance.

The guy is in so much. Literally watch any good programme or film from the 1970s and he will be in it owning the performance. The only person who comes remotely close to that is probably Olivia Coleman 10 years ago.

The guy is superb and goes from serious to comical in seconds. An absolute legend and I’m pleased we got him (twice actually) in doctor who
I was genuinely quite shocked to see he was going to be in the 60th in some capacity considering his age and his health being in decline but it really goes to show how beloved this man was…and he knew it too. 

Goodbye Wilf.
It’s so astounding to me that he turned a minor companion into someone who you could genuinely argue is one of the best characters in all of Who. The 60th special being his last project is heartbreaking but also feels weirdly right, and I can’t wait to see him grace the silver screen with his beautiful presence one last time.
[Wilfred, it's my honour](https://youtu.be/dSK1APQu6K4)

I'm not crying, you're crying.
It’s a terrible day for rain today.
RIP, huge part of my childhood growing up.

He was truly an incredible actor and legend.
I can only hope that when I go I'm post-90 and even a 10th as well loved as he is.  A great career, a lovely bloke and one of the best Who characters there is, was and will be.


It's monumentally rubbish news but in my quest to make a small positive out of it, he's never going to be gone, The Railway Children, Who and everything else he's been in will live on.
I don't often cry when celebrities die, but this had reduced me to tears.

Rest in peace you incredible man 💔

The way he says "That's what they called them last time" in *Turn Left* with the salute breaks my heart every time.
Dammit, not Wilf...
Absolutely devastated to hear this. He was so wonderful as Wilf and he genuinely seemed a lovely person in real life. Rest in peace
Fuuuuck I’ve been dreading this day for years. Wilf is easily my favourite companion. Rest in peace Bernard :(
What a loss. He was an incredible actor and he lit up every scene of Doctor Who he was in. I only hope that what he filmed for the 60th makes the cut, it should serve as a send off to one of the best actors Doctor Who has ever had.
Such a loss, he will be missed.

I'm fairly sure that this also means the last project he'll have been involved in will be the 60th, which is going to make that an emotional experience.
"I'd be proud"
He was the grandpa I always wish I had. RIP sweet gentle soul ❤️ you had a great run and will be forever missed (I'm not laying in bed sobbing...)
Sad salute. Go well old fella, always was such a sweet presence on the show. 

R.I.P Bernard
Now here’s a celebrity that *WILL* be missed. Wild, the Wombles, and more Jackanory appearances than anyone else (not even close- more than *double* his nearest contender!).

RIP to a true legend of entertainment. ❤️
RIP Bernard Cribbins.

How miraculous it is that at least >!Wilfred gets to live on our screens briefly one last time next year...!<
Today is officially a bad day. Bernard Cribbens was always present in my childhood throughout the 60's & 70's, in one of my favourite films, The Railway Children & in Doctor Who on film & TV. But the thing I'll remember him for most will be as the narrator of The Wombles.

The world is a little darker today with his passing. A hugely talented actor & singer, he brightened the lives of many.

Rest In Peace Sir. You'll be missed.
Noo :( RIP x what a legend
Few people can make it to 90 and it still feel too soon Cribbins manages to
Gutted :'(
NOOOOOOO, rest well you more than deserve it you'll forever be in our hearts.
rest in peace. like many others have said, i also knew it had to be coming one day but still wasn't ready
Rest in peace, we miss you already. You brought so much heart and human to your role, it will always be remembered and cherished.
Absolutely Heartbreaking, loved wilf in the series and hopefully will see him in the 60th and they do one big tribute to him. Legend rip ❤️💔
Aw no, R.I.P you absolute legend! What a week, first David Warner and now Wilfred
God damn, man.. I used to watch this guy on TV when I was a kid, absolutely loved him. The final episodes of Tennant's run absolutely wouldn't be the same without the performance Bernard gave as Wilf, he was a brilliant actor and the perfect choice for such a quintessential and beloved role in the episode. Sorry to see him go, he will be sorely missed.
All of Doctor Who's very finest character. May he rest in peace knowing he is in the heart of all whovians. As a tribute it's time for a Tennant era rewatch.
Wilfred...Noo! 😭
This honestly makes me sad!! May he rest in peace.
My heart sunk when his name popped up on my notifications, then it set in stone, RIP
One of the all time greats in Who. Working with Peter Cushing fighting Daleks in the 60's to his memorable role with Tennant. Not to mention being part of the Wombles and countless other kids tv programmes
I'm so sad about this, its weirdly like losing a beloved great uncle - such a fantastic legacy and a great actor
RIP to a great actor. Bernard and David had such a great chemistry on screen as Wilf and the Doctor.

Reminds me of the scene when the Master is holding them both hostage and says to the Doctor "oh look, your dad's still kicking up a fuss." And Wilf instantly comes back with "well I'd be proud if I was!"
Probably my favourite character in Doctor Who with a stunning performance who stole the show and our hearts. Bernard Cribbins was a phenomenal actor.

I'm glad we've gotten him for the 60th anniversary and I hope they give Wilfred a proper farewell. Make it a worthy tribute. 

I can't believe he's gone. I wish his family the best.
:(
I'd be proud... RIP.
I never realised he was in The Railway Children - I loved that film growing up - I had to Google him to see who he was and I can't get over how young he is in it! Really sad news (even though 93 is impressive!), he'll always be one of my favourite Doctor Who characters :(
An integral part of my childhood gone. RIP Bernard, and thank you for the memories.
What a legend, RIP he will not be forgotten.
R.I.P.
Damn it I liked him more then Donna! Great idea bringing him back from the loose cannon who to cannon who.
That's wild, my great grandad was his chaffeur (is that how you spell it?) when he was up in Ballantrae, Scotland.
I remember him taking centre stage during the Doctor Who special of *Never Mind the Buzzcocks*.  Everyone was great, but he was of another order.

What a legend.  This is a sad day.
What an amazing man, and at 93, he had a pretty damn long life. He certainly left an impression on millions of people across the world.
**Wilf was my favorite Who character, ever, full stop.** I liked him better than any Doctor or any villain. I wish the Doctor had taken him on more adventures. Honorable, funny, dignified, worldly, while retaining innocence and the spirit of adventure. What an example of the actor's craft...what an example of the best in us all.

Rest well, Mr. Bernard Cribbins. I wish we had a thousand like you. But I'm glad at least we had one irreplaceable you.
Awww and we were just on companion Donna. [🪦 my friend](https://gfycat.com/brownexemplaryitaliangreyhound)
I'm in pieces over this one. Old jacks boat was a mainstay of my kids smaller years, and doctor who remains one of the few shows where myself and the Mrs watch together.
Honestly the worst news. Such a legend that made the childhoods of so many generations. Rest in Peace
One of those actors who you enjoyed in whatever production they were in.

I especially enjoyed his character in Dr Who, one of the better sidekicks of the last few series.
NOOOOO!!! I WANTED HIM TO COME BACK AS A CAMEO SOMEDAY!!!
Jeez, I was still recovering from the David Warner news. I wasn’t ready for a double whammy. Two absolute legends in a matter of days. RIP.
I hope the gravediggers have a good sing-a-long while they’re digging his hole, hole in the ground, and I hope that they’ll be digging it round, cos he won’t want it square.
Met him at a comic con 3 years ago and he was still very energetic and engaging with fans young and old. Very sad news to wake up to
“And death shall have no dominion.” He was wonderful in Dr.Who and I always looked forward to seeing his character on the show. May he RIP.
Wilfred said he’d always think of the Doctor… well… we’ll always think of him, too…
Anyone have that clip from doctor who where he made the ww2 reference when they were loading people up on trucks? Can't remember the exact line but it was powerful.
Damn, considering he was only filming a few weeks ago, has anyone acted so closed to their death in the business (barring people like Tommy cooper who died on stage, etc)

A legend of the business...what an amazing career .
RIP
Sad to hear. Was excited when it was announced he was coming back for the 60th.

He was great in the Carry On films as well.
One Advice he gave was “Do your best and be grateful for single every job”. I believe it’s this universal rule that makes life not only worth living for yourself, but for everybody around you. I’m working on getting this mindset. You did good, Bernard!
Don’t forget that he was also a spoon collector! 

Rest in peace great man
Great actor. Sad news.
Rest in peace man, sad news indeed
Rest in peace sir, you will be missed
So sad
RIP
Absolutely devastating news. 

Goodbye solider 🫡
Aww :( rest well you legend. He was so fantastic in who. Good job to make it to 93
Voice of the wombols too. Loved that show when I was real small. Have a vague memory of my mum and dad taking me to Wimbledon common after pestering them to take me. Looking back I'm pretty sure it wasn't Wimbledon common they took me too as we lived in West Dorset and it didn't take long to get there 😂 fair play to mum and dad though, it was dark and I didn't know any different and was just real happy to run about looking for Uncle Bulgaria.
Noooooooo!!!!!!!
Oh come on, Wilfred was an incredible character, I feel like the only character on the show that really appreciates how amazing the doctor is
Wilf is legitimately one of my favourite characters. I can’t help but smile whenever he’s on screen and Bernard Cribbins’ performance absolutely sells it. From some of the funniest to some of the saddest scenes in the show. He will be missed.
Bloody hell, just missed out on seeing the 60th
Godspeed old friend. 😢
Noo, I was watching the End Of Time. He'll always be remembered 😢
A true legend we have lost. Every Christmas for the last 10 or so years my buddy and I send each other the gifs of him wearing the reindeer ears being told to take them off and saying "no I shan't, it's Christmas." Forever grateful for his time on Doctor Who RIP.
Now I'm sad as this is the first thing I see this morning.
*salutes*
Bernard Cribbins...it was OUR honor.
Best companion ever. Fight me on this one.
Godspeed
He was great in Fawlty Towers.
He was in my opinion one of the best actors that doctor who ever had, rest in piece to one of legend here from this earth.
There is not one person in this world who didn’t like him and if you say there is well they’re lying you’ll be missed and remembered my friend
And there he goes off into the night.

Goodbye, Bernard Cribbins. Our Wilf.
Very sad news indeed, but what an amazing life he has lived.   
  
Wilf was easily one of my favourite Doctor Who characters. I do wonder how far along they got filming his part on the 60th anniversary special.  
  
R.I.P. to the great Bernard Cribbins.
"But, every night, Doctor... when it gets dark, and the stars come out, I'll look up... on her behalf. I'll look up at the sky... and think of you."
Now we'll do that for you, Wilf. Vale Bernard Cribbins, you were very loved.
No no no no what a absolute legend rip
😭
What, Noooooo
One of the best companions on the show.

RIP Bernard❤️
He was in Doctor Who long before he played Wilf.

And his appearance on Never Mind The Buzzcocks was legendary.
I was not expecting to wake up on my birthday to this, RIP BERNARD 😭😭😭
Goddamnit, working super late and just hopped on to reddit for a laugh or two before bed…  It was an honor getting to watch him portray such a memorable character.  Guess it’s time for a rewatch
That's a sad thing to see but 93 damn he lived 

A good tribute now in Dr who to see
So soon after David Warner too. That's not fair
I didn't see much of what he was in but what I did see makes me believe he was a good man. Here's hoping they give him a good tribute in RTD's episodes.
I’m crying reading these!
Wilfred was one of the greatest Doctor Who companions ever, I hope we will still get to see him in the 60th.
NOOOOO!… he was supposed to be appearing in the latest episodes, damnit!
Aw no!
Oh my god.
RIP Wilf
Absolutely heartbroken
Fucking hell, terrible news.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He was the kindest companion
Hope you're doing well wherever you are. Thanks for everything.
RIP
Well this was something shitty to wake up to... 

Rest in Peace Bernard, you were incredible
Also responsible for this banger.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E-XoTNtFRw

RIP
Awww damn. 

RIP Wilf.
Terrible news
I’ll forever respect you Wilf! 😥
I just got the sad news myself.

Bernard had a very long and successful career and I will always remember him as the hotel guest on an episode of *Fawlty Towers* called *The Hotel Inspectors*, for whom Basil mistook for a hotel inspector.
What a loss. An amazing actor. RIP :(
RIP, utter legend
Rest in peace to a legend 🙏
"Every night, when it gets dark, and the stars come out, I'll look up at the sky and think of you."
💔💔💔
His legacy will be legendary and his influence will never be forgotten. RIP to an amazing actor and a genuinely wholesome person.
I was devestated by this news this morning. Such a great actor and human.
When he played Wilf, he reminded me of my own grandpa. Having looked around, people seem to know him from all sorts of movies and shows both recent and old. I bet they too might have such thoughts. What a great actor in the show. 93 is quite the age. I wish it didn’t stop there.


But he’ll forever be alive in every piece of fiction that he’s worked on, whether that be as Wilf or any other character. And I do hope to see him again in the 60th real soon. I hope he had a good time filming that.
I'm 57, I cried like a baby for half an hour this morning. 
He was a national treasure and will be hugely missed.
Oh 

Oh no
He was the best Who companion. He still is. He will be missed
So very sad!  He was such a standout!  He’s one of the few actors who made it difficult to separate his character from real life. He’ll be missed
Best Companion ever, He’s been my minecraft skin for years. RIP to the GOAT
Take those things off!

No I shan’t. It’s Christmas.

RIP you wonderful silly man. You will always be one of the greatest.
Bro I didn’t want to wake up to sad news man :( this makes my heart feel upset
I really hope they write in his death like they did for brigadier. He deserves a proper tribute. It would probably be very hard hitting in the 60th
😫
I cant imagine how his family feels if we all feel this way.

What a gem he is, I wonder if they'll leave him in for the 60th and make it work sonehow.
Anyone else been hiding their sad faces from their work colleagues upon hearing this?
Can't be, he promised he wouldn't die
Hopefully Wilf meme guy does something truly awesome today for him.
He was too good for this world. We didn’t deserve him.
*cries while saluting*
My Dad met him some time ago. They chatted for a while about mutual interests. He was apparently as lovely off screen as on it.
RIP Bernard, rest easy now.
Here i was hoping we would see wilfred again
May he rest in peace
RIP you wonderful man
I cannot express how much this just smacked me right in the heart. He was honestly one of the most wholesome characters in the show and as a public figure. It's a sad day for a lot of people..
Stole every scene he was in, will be missed surely.
Awww😟
What a great actor he was!  I've only known him as Donna's "gramps" Wilfred Mott in Doctor Who.  He seemed like a sweet soul.  Rest easy Bernard Cribbins.
Oh man I was dreading the day this would happen. Rest in peace Bernard, tremendous performance as Wilfred, probably one of the best characters in the history of the show.
The best companion far and away.
In unison, we salute thee Mr Cribbins
Shit, Just got to Donna in my latest rewatch. Now I'm going to get even more teary...
Rest in peace you wonderful man. If only we'd had full seasons of Wilf and Ten. One of the most, if not the, faithful companions of new who.
Played Wilfred brilliantly. 

Always a treat to watch him as a child, and him looking up at the stars!

R.I.P
Such a blessing we're gonna get to see him one last time. He'll be missed.
Oh, sweet Wilf. I’m so sad to hear this.
He was one of my favourite characters in season four. Rip, Wilfred.
aw that's so sad, I liked him as an actor. Wishing his family the best.
FUCK!

One more person I will never get to meet to thank for being a great person.

Why do all the great people die, when the shit ones live????
Wilf is one of, if not my absolute favourite of the Doctor Who characters. Bernard did a stellar job bringing Wilf to life! RIP.
RIP Mr. Cribbins. See you in the stars, Wilfred.
RIP bro!!!
RIP bro!!!
Brutal.  
What does this mean for the RTD return?
Sorry, I'm not entirely sure how he relates to Doctor Who, can someone explain?
Rest in peace Wilf
He will be missed.
Great actor. Sad news.
Very sad to hear this. Known his word since childhood. He was always there. A legend indeed. RIP Bernard. 😢
Really liked him especially in the wombles rip
This is a joke… right…
Jackanory, Jackanory, Jackanory, bum, bum. 
RIP Bernard
NO WAY!! Wilfred is gone
A great and unique actor. Tremendous in Fawlty Towers. Also in Doctor Who and I think he was in Broad church, I think so but I can't find any confirmation, as I remember he was working in a boat yard I think in Broad church. The voice of Jackanory for many years as well. what a career !
Ow. My heart
Well this is sad. RIP, Brenard
R.I.P. Bernard, you'll certainly be remembered.
R.I.P. to the top gent. Brilliant actor, really injected life and soul into his character.
RIP such devastatingly bad news. I never heard of one person with a bad word to say about Bernard.
Rest In Piece, a legend and lovely man, actor, and veteran
NO
🫡
Aww man . 

Loved him in doctor who .
Rest in peace, sir
RiP to the best companion.
https://youtu.be/Lxe_tBMbfao
Rest in Peace Bernard Cribbins
No. He's regenerating. Don't spoil this for me.
I’ll shed a tear and salute.
RIP xx
God I loved that man. :(
Devastating
What a great loss. The world will miss him.
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK
o7
🌧😔🌧
😭
No, fuck you fuck you
This actually breaks my heart, he was absolutely flawless as Wilfred. His speech to the doctor brought me to tears, he will be sorely missed
This one hurts. Rest in peace, sir.
So sad. He lived a very long life though. But still. Rest in peace Bernard. You'll be missed.
RIP Grandpa. He's one of the best characters in the series. You could feel his warmth through the screen and his sadder scenes are heartwrenching.
😭
Sad face
Just found out on the news may he rest in peace one of the best actors in the russel t davis era
Shine on Wilf, you'll be sorely missed. All my love
I always loved him. He was so great as Wilfred in Doctor Who. He was a beautiful soul. RIP Mr Cribbins
What a lovely fellow, damn shame.  I would have been proud if he was my father.
Bernard Cribbins was my daughters childhood as well as mine. I loved the wombales and she loves Old Jack the character of the man is that he has fans from 60 to 6 RIP Bernard
He will be missed!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
RIP. I knew him only as Wilfred in Doctor Who but was such a great actor.
Damn
What a life he had. Damn.
RIP

And hope the 60th didn't set up any more returns
What a lovely man :(
What a hero, absolutely devastating
When he waved at Donna...
Terrible news to wake up to.

I'm rewatching Doctor Who. I've made it to season 4 now and starting to become aware that The End of Time parts 1 & 2 are approaching. Bernard's and David's acting combined made those two parts the most amazing and saddest episodes I've ever seen on television.

I had planned on being more prepared when rewatching those episodes, but it seems those episodes are just gonna become even more painful. Rest well, Barnard. You were an amazing actor and will be remembered for generations.
😟😞😔
Rest In Peace legend
Salute to an absolute legend of a man.  Even as an American, I still have Right Said Fred stuck in my head. Rest well, good sir.
🫡
I'll raise my glass to him during the 60th and play The Snowman in December as a remembrance of him,
Isn't he gonna be in the 60th? I thought there was some set photos of him there
Aand my day is ruined
Has anyone checked on the Daily Meme person? Are they okay?
Doctor who what?
Damn. Loved him. RIP. Your years were some of the peak Who years for sure
I saw him last week in the James Bond spoor Casino Royale. Boy, he was young, but the face was unmistakenly his. Wondered if he was still alive.... Not got the answer i wanted. RIP
This is so sad
On my birthday :(
RIP, good sir. Sad news.
noooooooooooo! You were the best, Bernard
A wonderful actor, and seemed like a great person. Rest In Peace.
He’s a legend
RIP Wilfred. You gave us all great joy.
Rest in Peace Bernard.
A friend got me to watch Who from start to finish (modern era) starting around a year ago. 

Wilfred was a light of humor and kindness in the show, and one that I needed while watching. So many of the most memorable scenes involved him for me. 

Sad day. Salute to the man for what he did. Thank you for doing what you did.
Oh that’s so sad.
NOOOOO :( I am genuinely upset.  Oh Wilf :(
Requiescat en pace, you wonderful man.
Great actor, he will be missed.
rip legend
Noooo
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 💔

I loved him so much in Doctor Who but also any time I saw him just being himself (like on WILTY). What a gentleman - he brought such humanity, warmth and humour to his performances.
[Right Said Fred](https://youtu.be/r5XX9LX2es4) full song
Goddamn. This day.
First David Warner, now this?
Not Wilfred! 😭
F

We'll miss you Wilfred
NOOOOOO! WHY GOD! WHY MUST YOU TAKE ALL GOOD THINGS?!
RIP Wilfred. Gonna miss him.
R.I.p 

Wilfred was one of my favorite characters in the new who series. Such a lovely all around good guy
SAD
Nooooo! :(

He was such a insanely brilliant actor especially as Wilfred, him and Tennant in the end of time is still to this day one of the best performances I’ve ever seen, I’m going to be sobbing even more when I next watch those specials now
Requiescat in Pace, Bernard
😭💔💔
Aw, nuts.
Absolute legend as Wilf
Makes me wonder did both David Warner and Bernard know time was short and that was why they chose reprise their respective Who roles, sort of like one last hurrah. Bittersweet when you think about it. RIP David and Bernard
WILFRED NO!!!
Very sad news. RIP. My favorite minor character. Great actor
RIP Wilf.
He reminds me so much of my grandpa that passed a few years back. This is heartbreaking news to wake up to.
He was good guy
The best companion
RIP , I loved his portrayal, the tears were so real for me with Donna and the Doctor.
Noooooo. This makes me sad
😟😭 RIP legend
😭
Tap tap tap tap
F*ck! Donnas gramps was the best at everything he did. RIP you legend. I’m so sad right now I didn’t expect to miss this guy so much.
Ah, shit.
This doesn’t feel real at all
The heart and soul of Who for a few seasons. RIP.
I expected it, but it is painful nonetheless. Mr. Cribbins lost his wife a few months ago. Sometimes people of his age cannot go on without them.
R.I.P, he was spectacular as Wilfred
I forgot about The Railway Children, loved that one when I was a kid.
Well what happens with upcomming special now? We have seen him  at filming site?
Noooo!
God it's like losing your grandad all over again. Rest in peace, sir ❤️
Oh no!
What a great character actor. Took the place of Donna's dad...the actor from The Runaway Bride had passed away in the year before Partners in Crime...so Wilford Mott was retconned in as the guy from London who saw the Doctor at Christmas during the Titanic episode.

Thank you Bernard, for your life and your work!
Dear god I have never loved a man so much whom I had never met, the actor and his character. This crazy world is better, because you were here Bernard. You touched so many hearts. Thank you.
Terrible news to see today. He was so good in his role as Wilfred. I wish he could've come back to the show before the end.
🫡
It's a sad day
i just finished the end of time parts one and two a couple days ago and i loved wilfred so much in it, he was such a fun character, he was a talented actor
Rest In Peace
Oh god bless. Rest In Peace, Granddad… we’ll miss you forever 💔
Are we gonna get a David Tennant death reaction scene in the 60th?? Don't think I could cope
He was also in Fawlty Towers
Wilfred!
Don't you dare
Rest In Peace
Oh... I don't even like doctor who that much compared to some scifi, but this guy was one of the best side characters.

I'm not fucking ready for some of my heroes to die.
Wonderful actor
One of the best companions and actors to ever grace this wonderful show

Rest In Peace❤🙏
R.I.P to Bernard Cribbins. Bernard Cribbins's charisma and acting made Wilf one of the most loved characters Doctor Who ever had so he will be missed. I'm looking forward to see his final performance as Wilf in the 60th anniversary special and I'm 100% certain Bernard Cribbins will do a great job in the special.
Gnu bernard cribbins
He was the most wonderful man and we didn't want him to die 😭
This is gutting. Got a notification earlier and saw Bernard's name. Part of me thought for a moment it was another article about next year, but I was devastated to read that he'd passed. He became such a beloved character in Doctor Who, and he has such an impressive career spanning decades. He will be missed but he'll also be remembered.
The Uncle Iroh of Doctor Who. What a legend. Really hope they filmed all his scenes for the 60th in time.
o7
Heart broken
Noooooooooooo
I hate to change the subject, but this news has reminded me of how big this show used to be in my family, when I was a kid. We would wait for each new episode, rewatch episodes all the time, it was such a huge part of our lives. That ended because we felt the show was slipping during the Capaldi era, and we completely quit right after Whittaker joined.

I know that quality for just about anything is subjective, but it's been years since we've even thought about the show, and it's making me extremely nostalgic, to the point where I genuinely want to try to get back into it. Is the show actually as bad as we thought it was back then? I know there are certain plot points (timeless child) and characters (bill) that were poorly recieved, but is the show still worth watching in the grand scheme of things? It seems like the guy who made the Tennant and Smith episodes is coming back, so is the show about to hit a golden age?
Just was getting excited to see him in the 60th anniversary. Just finished rewatching his episodes on Dr who and Fawlty towers. Will be missed greatly.
We’ll miss you, Wilf.
So glad he was able to film last month. It’s like he was holding on to film those scenes
I enjoyed ever minute of his screen time. I feel like I lost a family member :(
I've been crying all morning. Wilfred reminded me so much of my own grandad when I originally watched Doctor Who. His death is like having my grandad pass away all over again 😭😭 RIP to both
Wow this hurts man. May the Legend rest in peace.
Rest In Peace
Right said Fred! 07
He was lovely as Donna's grandfather in Doctor Who. I have a tee shirt that depicts one of my favorite scenes from their stories: Wilf looking up in the sky at Donna, who is waving to him from the open TARDIS doorway. Goodnight, Mr Cribbins.
Rest In Peace Bernard. You were loved by so many.
Just heard about this. Really liked him as Wilf. Sad to see him go.
Genuinely my favourite character in new who. Don't know much about who he was in his personal life but I don't think you can give a performance like that without having some of that gentleness in you. Great amount of respect for the man coming back to Doctor Who time and time again as well.
 a legend
Sad news :(
Rest In Peace you brilliant man
Rest in peace Bernard, you touched so many hearts. One of the best and most emotional actors every. You will be missed so much <3
wilfredsalute.gif
Upvote K9 for 54 years of good luck.

I think it's time for K-9 to return in the new Doctor Who series.  I wonder what a K-9/Jodie Whittiker story would be like.  
[deleted]
I built my own for some [extra good luck](https://i.imgur.com/9ln5Kex.jpg)
*Affirmative*
54 years of good boi
Jokes on you, I'd have upvoted him for free.
Would love to see K-9 come back in the next season or one in the near future. Would add a different aspect for a companion. Maybe write the screwdriver out of use for whatever reason half-way through the season then the Doctor has to enlist the help of K-9 instead.
Is karma-whoring allowed on this sub?
"Gimme karma!"
He got shafted on the weakest link.
Affirmative.
What a coincidence; I watched School Reunion today!
Always liked K-9. Want my own verison of K-9.
Why'd you put in the 54 years of luck part. Why does there need to be a reason to upvote k-9?
Jimmy neutron 
TIn DoGGO baRks LAsEr BEaM aT MAilMan 
Good dog
[deleted]
I just got a hedgehog that I named K9.
OH K-9! I love K-9! 
Good boy!   
Affirmative!
I always loved K-9.  
Sweet, I get to be the 54th commenter! 
Why not 4.5 billion?
Wasn't there a K9 film in the works?
Robo-boi
I love K9! 😂😂😁😂😂
Good boi
Fucking “upvote and get x” shit on the front page. What the hell, Reddit?
This was the coldest photo of 2013

My son has a version of this except it also has John Hurt in it.  He got it signed by every living doctor at the time (including Hurt and Capaldi who was not pictured.). It is awesome.
I agree. I used it as my computer's desktop wallpaper for a while.
I can hear this picture and it sounds like “Next stop, everywhere.”
Why are basically all of them the same exact height except Matt Smith is like two inches taller for some reason.
This represented the pinnacle of Doctor Who.
I've always loved this image though it's crazy how quickly it became dated.
for me, Matt Smith was unique and the best incarnation, I know allot of people like Tennant but with Smith the stories were also really good. Have not been able to get back into it since Peter Capaldi left the show, he was let down by poor writing too.
Paul McGann looks so pretty and all the Doctors before him look like their either looking at something Disturbing or stinky 😭😭
I would like it more if Matt was looking in the same direction as the rest
The Rings of Akhatan speech summed up in one image
Matt is staring at me and it’s kinda unnerving
Damnit Matt! Eyes front!
Big Matt
I just realized that the nose is a requirement for the Doctor.
Take this upvote.
I have this on a coffee mug. Fades like a foggy memory though.
Coldest means good?
Coldest?
I think I saw the same picture with the Masters (that featured the Reborn Master)
I know a lot of people don't like Matt Smith as the doctor but imo he's easily one of the coldest ones, the lack of fucks he gives is brilliant.
Would like to see it redone - Hartnell and Troughton being sepia is silly. So is Pertwee having no body while Davison is presumably played by Dwayne Johnson.
The evolution of the noses is fascinating me
It was designed by Matt Burslem https://www.burlem.com/dw50
Facts
Is it me or does Peter Davidson sort of look like Tim Vine? 

Since they got David Bradley to play William Hartnell I’ve been wondering who’ll play the others if/when the originals die. Roman Atkinson fits well for Sylvester McCoy I think.
guy from morbius
I have that with the other doctors on ! Signed by 4 of the doctors . Hoping to get more autographs this year!
Tom Baker was my fav
Not many people know that the first doctor was George Washington
THERES A SUBREDDIT FOR DOCTOR WHO?
does also show video quality progression
🥶🥶🥶
The nostalgia is overtaking me
this pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot
Shane theres no Capaldi at the end .
Why is there a targaryan boy on the end?
I remember scenes where 11 was angry like how he is here but I can’t remember when
Boy ruined morbius
Brrrrrr 🥶
I still have a bookmark with one of these promos, although it's the one where they're all looking at the camera
On god
Yes it was
I had it printed out and framed..
From left to right: Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin etc etc etc  


;-)
This pic goes insanely hard
I don't think I've ever noticed that Tennant has a somewhat big nose.
House of the dragon has ruined me. I can't see Matt Smith and see the doctor now 😥
I need this updated version in poster form with the 14th Doctor
This takes me back
Back when Doctor Who was worth watching.
Eccleston would play a good Caesar
David Tennant is the GOAT of Doctor who
I don't suppose there is a newer version of this with; Hurt, Capaldi and Whittaker and others?
I actually have this on a mug somewhere
No part of that is a photo.
Although a sick photo I can’t agree due to my severe love for formula one and their 2013 Indian gp
[removed]
It’s going to be weird seeing David twice if they do an updated version
Imo david tenent and matt smith were the best as they are two i grew up with, i still have a 2012 12” cyberman figure that i refuse to get rid of
But why is Matts head so big?
Certainly. And the one, best, doctor was there too.
Tennent back I can watch again that will get the ratings back up to where they should be give the new doctor a chance
This photomontage is REALLY REALLY BAD . The head sizes & the spacing are a total mess . STILL ICONIC though BUT could have been done a LOT BETTER tbbrutallyh . 
Any FAN made ones out there that look the business ???
Just realised who dream looks like
And then it all went to rat sh…
[removed]
10 is my fav and if anyone says different we can't be friends I'm sorry
Wait.. Paul Merson was Dr Who number 5?
Ye I stopped watching after matt smith 🙊
We need to bring back the flamboyant doctors
Is the third one James May…
It's not a photo...
Size of that chin
It has two titles ‘No more’, and ‘Gallifrey Falls’.  Now what do you think of that, hmm?
And now in 2022 we’ve seen Matt smiths butt.
Going to be a weird order on the next one…
They all looked clothed to me. Bit of warmth there.
Tennant is my favourite!
I never knew radagast from LOTR was doctor who lol
Wheres the chick?
LOL
Ngl 9th doctor was my least favourite.
6 & 8? Can’t have been in it for long? I’m no fan but I remember all the others
Peter Davison was always my favourite
It appears each time the doctor regenerates his head gets a bit bigger. Interesting.
One of my favourite images. Not just of Doctor Who stuff but, in general. It goes that hard. ~~^(shame chipnell had to shit all over it)~~

FR tho I have a character of my own creation who's gone through a lot of design tweaks, one day I hope to make something even VAGUELY like this.
Was so cool how they set up the plot of the Doctor having to look for a lost Gallifrey, replacing but not irradiating the whole last-of-the-time-lords thing. It could have spammed across decades but Hell Bent came along and ruined it. Hurt even more after Haven Sent was such a good episode.
I wear a fez now. Fezzes are cool.
Ye if your a massive fucking nerd
Never realised Stallone played the third doctor
Good old days
Is that the guy from Morpheus 😳
Some of the worst photoshop of 2013
McGann seems to be in there, yet Hurt and Atkinson aren't ?!
Very chilly
The strange case of Doctor B Button
Idk they all look fairly warm to me with those coats
David Tennant was my fav
I love Dr No
This image goes hard, feel free to acreenshot
Pity they're all different sizes.
My man dameon at the end
It's confirmed. Head size is getting larger.
I used to have a canvas art of this when I was 16 haha
Still think Troughton was the best Dr.
I once saw Matt at a gym and damn he has a strict workout regime.
Lol nice try but that’s clearly no a photo, I might be death and blind but I know music when I see it !
Why is Brendan Rodgers in the line-up ahaha
I’ve still got a coaster with this picture on it - that I got at a Doctor Who exhibit at a museum in the uk 😂
Why’s Brendon Rogers included ?
There’s always one who looks at the camera
Now if they ever update it >!David Tennant!< gets to be on it twice.
Gta 5. I don’t it
[removed]
A few missing
Matt smith was the best doctor
Why is sylvesta Stallone in it?
No clue as to why doctor who came up in my feed...

Took me wayyyyy too long to realise that was David Tennant and not Andrew Garfield
Looks rather warming to be honest
They did Matt Smith dirty with the size of his head lol
3rd and 4th are the GOATs. The rest are terrible.
All I see now is daemon.
 No 4 forever
Is there a dr in the house 🏠?
How many film/tv franchises have endured so long? Bond. Can’t think of any others.
I mean...even down to David Tennant's head angle, it's nicked straight from the Thundercats opening animation.

It's blending my two favourite things, so I'm good with it. Just wanted to mention thundercats.
With the last good doctor at the end as it should be, as soon as matt Smith left the show was wank.

They ruined it completely
The image looks doctored to me
I havent watched ANY doctor who but i swear there was a female doctor who recently ?? I
Like the series itself, this picture should have been snipped after 10.
Peter Capaldi wasn't bad, the writing was. He did his best with the material he had.
I love the idea that they can take something that can be considered nerdy and make it look so fucking sick.
And Then the new writers decided to scrap this brilliant series to try and use it as a platform and destroyed it completely 🤦🏻‍♂️ what a waste!
Matt Smith is still my favourite. I liked David Tennant as well but I don't think you could top him
This is awesome
Hm
Move over bohemian rhapsody. 

This is the new shit
Where’s the bald one
doctor stopped being good when it got modernized.

i've been re-watching the classics from the beginning and the stories are just more interesting and not over the top with explosions and cgi.
he got younger every time
Are these prime ministers?
Why wasn’t Tennent on there twice? He did portray 2 regens after all.
Sorry for obvious question. Where is Peter Cushing?
I cannot believe that the Matt Smith era  was that long ago, wow
Forgot 12th, the last doctor
is this a photo of the presidents of USA?
I didn’t know that both James and Brian May had played the doctor…
My era Wes John Pertwee and Tom Baker 70s and early 80s
Id love to see this in tje 60th aniversary special but with tennant have a squared sign above his head
Is that the guy from morbius
sad no cushing because not canon
it’s really upsetting to me that matt smith is looking in the wrong direction
My fiancé has this!!! He loves Dr Who...we are deciding where to put this in our new flat....
Saw Peter Davison yesterday, awesome guy
I feel bad for anyone who didn’t watch DW in 2013. Day of the Doctor had just as much, if not more hype than any of the Avengers movies.
I know this has nothing to do with the picture but I wanted to see.
So I've recently gotten into the doctor I've watched through Christopher Eccleston's Doctor including Tennants and 1 series of Matt Smiths and have really enjoyed myself so far but I was wondering whether I should watch the classics after I've caught up with the current stuff.
If it is worth watching the classics should I skip one or two doctors or should I just watch them all and where can I watch them cause they're not on bbc I player.
All these wonderful doctor's of the past,all very believable in their own way,then modern thinking came into the casting decisions,total disaster,it's like affixing a modern semi to a ancient and well loved stone castle,it just doesn't work.
It's that one guy from morbius!
Why is John Hurt not in this? Was this poster made before 'The Name of the Doctor'?
Damn all of the doctors in a line so cool!
Cool, but needs an update
Is that the mugshot of Eccleston from when 9 got arrested in Bad Wolf/Parting of the Ways lmao
Apart from Matt Smith, one of the most annoying and dislikable actors, being in it looking as insufferable as usual, I think that’s a pretty cool  photo.
Cringe?
[Cosplay] The Dood

AWw yeah, this was at Gallifrey One a few years back. 
This aggression will not stand, man!
Is that a light White Russian or a white light Russian?
Yeah, well...thats just like, your Oodpinion, man.
The glowing white Russian really ties the costume together
The Dood abides man.
Well done
Haha! How creative! I applaud you man!
That rug really ties the room together.
WE MUST ABIDE
Oh my fuck this is amazing

Is it bad I know where this was taken from the carpet alone lol
The perfect compliment to that picture is this video.  Ladies and Gentlemen I give you The Big Whobowski. 

https://youtu.be/8AHdI25K-Oc
DrDisrespect is that you?
I just dropped in to see what condition my perdition was in. 
I love this so much! 😂
Let me explain something to you. Um, I am not "Mr. Lebowski". You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing.
Is he drinking a glass of cthulaid? 
...it's okay, I'll see myself out.
*grabs coat and leaves.
was he wearing clear jellies?
What a phenomenal mashup!
And I hate the fuckin' Daleks, man.
Hey watch the beverage man !
It' a bloodsucker from Pripyat
This just made a really bad day pretty amazing. The Dood abides
Dude-thulu
Dr disrepect got a makeover! 
Loving this so much!
We must feed... you.  If you abide, man.  
that's awersome
That's like, a great costume, man. 
That Tardis really tied the room together did it not? 
Amazing mask. Cool cosplay... 
I laughed too hard about this
This is glorious.
[This looks familiar...](https://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/comments/3nz91c/the_ood_abidesxpost_from_rpics/)

From the thread that existed before my (unknown) repost, [there was a guy who also got another pic of him at the same Con (Gallifrey One)](https://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/comments/3a8x4f/i_searched_for_ood_cosplay_and_was_very_pleased/csarih3/)
People on the internet are just way more clever and creative than I am, and I'm just going to have to accept that. Good show! 
when ood sigma tried to blend in.

Dr Disrespect really looks like a changed man after cheating on his wife
smh literally one of the top posts of all time on this sub
There's a vagina on his face(?
Looks like a zombied vagina
Amazing 😄
I love you.
Cthuldude
Yes.
You want a toe? I can get you a toe.
Or the Cthood?
Khududelu
I thought Davy Jones wasn't allowed to be on dry land?
Hey don't steal my name 
Obviously you’re not a golfer.
Why is does his mouth look like my ex wife’s vagina?
Cthulhu 
Hey d00d!
He will toke 4 times.
Is that White Russian glowing? 
*The two time*
I like yer style, Dood.
This is a new one!
Oh my god Dr. Zoidberg grew hair. 
I'm playing bloodborne right now and jumped at that. I thought you were a brainsucker coming for my insight
Dr. Doosrispect
Doctor who? Doctor disrespect.
Th'Dudelu
That is absolutely fantastic hahaha
General Reposti!
I've had a long day and I fucking hate the Daleks, man.
Well that's just, like, the circle being broken, man.
"Hey, nice K-9."

"Shut up Lebowski! Ve exterminate everyzing!"
You forgot 'Abides' in the title
Dr. Oodrespect
He must have come from this [party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lBFs6PdNeE)

That's an ood idea.
Repost
:Slow Clap: Nicely done...
this is...everything
Clever, I like it!
Looks like an old woman’s minge.
Broooah
Brah

Dooooos
Mannyuu

Mayyn
vagina
Ood*
Major casting announcement from the BBC

This announcement has brought a bunch of new users to the sub. Welcome to those who are here to discuss this news with others - please check our [posting guidelines.](https://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/wiki/policies)

That being said, we have had **incidents of racism**, almost entirely from users with little or no history in the sub. 

We **will** ban anyone who makes racist posts. We're particularly harsh on racial slurs, but if your first post on the sub is to say that this will kill the show, you're going to get banned. If you suggest that Gatwa was not cast on merit, you will be banned. If you make white nationalist comments, you will be banned. In most instances, those bans will be permanent.

You don't have to be happy with the casting - feel free to criticise the actor's suitability, experience, range, and so forth. If you bring race into it, **you will be banned**.

If you see someone being racist, please do not engage, and instead **report the comments**. We aren't reading every individual comment so will miss stuff. If it turns out we have missed a lot then we will change our approach.

Finally, please be aware that while **Gatwa has not been public about his sexuality,** many users have speculated that he is gay because his most famous role was a gay character. Subsequently, we will be treating homophobia - and for that matter any other forms of bigotry - with the same extreme prejudice we are treating racism.

*Edit to add*

###While I have your attention, a reminder that [mod applications are open](https://www.reddit.com/r/doctorwho/comments/edcwmp/mod_rdoctorwho_is_looking_for_moderators/#regMeta) and we want you to apply!
> "It was our last audition. It was our very last one," [RTD] said. "We thought we had someone, and then in he came and stole it."

I wonder if we'll ever find out who that was.
I expected more fanfare for the announcement. The BBC news notification caught me rightly off guard.
I know he's in sex education but never seen it so no idea what he's like. But Matt was an unknown and was great, and I trust russell so here's hoping!!!
He's extremely energetic on Sex Education so this makes sense. Totally out of left field though. Good for him.
PSA: It's pronounced "Shoo-ti"
And so it happened. The first time an actor younger than myself is playing the Doctor. This old body is starting to wear a bit thin.
I have no idea who this is.    
Excellent.
My only compliant is that it was announced as a tweet, my guy deserves the same trailer treatment Jodie got
What a bizarre way to drop this news
I be curious to see the regeneration scene in the final when he regenerates into Jodie Whitaker's doctor's clothing
He should work just amazingly. Like he just seems like a good actor for the Doctor.

Also another Scot which is nice as so far all the Scots have been good.
I like this choice. 

Still not ginger though.
Davros you dutty pig
All I'll say is that I am glad that like all the incarnations before him, I have not seen him elsewhere prior to becoming the Doctor, thus I have no preconceptions of what they are like (or could be like) as an actor.
No matter how they announce it I always have a bit of a "I'm not sure" moment if I'm not that familiar with the choice, and I always think "well yes of course that's The Doctor" when i see them on screen in costume for the first time. These people know what they're doing, perhaps none more so than RTD, I'm sure he's going to be amazing.
"And so as much as it's daunting, I'm aware I'm joining a really supportive family. Unlike the Doctor, I may only have one heart but I am giving it all to this show."

😭
Oh my God, they did it. They actually did it.

They cast another Scottish person!
He was on live yesterday with a filter over his face, said he wasnt allowed to show his face. The filter slipped as he moved and revealed facial hair and that he was in hair and make up.  I dunno if it was dr who related but i remember wondering what he was up to. So if the announcmenet if low key it may be that it was the actors fault
No big announcement? Huh. I was expecting a big reveal with build-up along the lines of what was done for Capaldi and Whittaker. But at least we finally know who it is now!

Not familiar with this guy, so I'm not sure how his acting is. Off to Youtube to find out!

EDIT: He seems pretty energetic, so I could see him playing the role somewhat like 10 or 11, who are my two favorite Doctors. Definitely a good sign!
I can’t wait to see what he’s going to wear.
An actor I actually like. Flamboyant Doctors normally work quite well like Smith and Tennant although they do have to be good at the dark stuff which he has also showcased in Sex Education! Could be a good choice but with all the Doctors, gotta have good writers
For the people who say they should have gone with a 'big name' seem to forget that Matt Smith was even less well known and younger when he was casted.
I thought he was young based off Sex Education but he’s 29!
He’s an incredible actor, and I think he will fit the TARDIS  perfectly! RTD made an absolute brilliant choice!!!!
Eric Effiong from Sex Education? I think this Doctor could be pretty damn funny. I am glad it is going to be an actor I am familiar with. This guy is really moving up in acting from one well known show to one of the greatest of all time!
Holy moly, was not expecting that choice! Definitely thought they would go with another female Doctor - but Ncuti is great in Sex Education, so can’t wait to see what he brings to the role!
Tabloids probably caught wind of the casting so the BBC rushed it a bit.
This is a very unique choice. I also think going back to a younger Doctor is absolutely the right decision to try and reignite the magic the show used to have. 

There's going to be plenty of younger viewers who know of him from Sex Education and that will lead to a bigger audience for the show, which is in desperate need of one. The decline in viewership is such a shame for what used to be a must watch on TV at the weekend.
Oh my, I did NOT expect this bit of news at this time, WOW.

Interesting choice. We have another Scottish Doc, I believe our second or third youngest casting depending on how we're counting it (He's as old as Peter Davison was more or less) and our first Doctor *born* outside of the UK. He's also our second Black Doctor (first to be a "Main" Doc) ~~and our first out LGBT casting for the role (*of course* RTD would be a part of *that* milestone.)~~ **EDIT-** Turns out that's just speculation. 

But enough about WHAT he is, *WHO* he is seems to be a very high energy, friendly and charming individual, who can take all of that to the screen with him. It's hard to know what kind of Doctor he'll be, though I find it hard to imagine him playing a stiffer incarnation like twelve or three. I've personally been hoping for a more emotionally open Doc, and I think I've got a solid shot with him if what I've seen of his take on Eric in Sex Ed is any indication.

But who knows (*Who* NOSE) maybe they surprise us and have him playing the role radically different than the way he's played his previous roles. Either way... I'm excited to have him as our 14th Doctor!
I'm hyped! I love this actor, and he's definitely a good choice for the Doctor.

However, something needs to be clarified, as I've seen it too much on Twitter:

People say it's an awesome choice because he's a "**openly** LGBTQ+ actor".

As of today, Ncuti Gatwa has **never** discussed about his sexual orientation, and I don't think it's a good thing to assign him an orientation based on his previous roles.

People do not seem to understand that the character he played on Sex Education is only a character. A good character, well-written, but he's not Ncuti Gatwa.

EDIT: That comment isn't about LGBTQ+ representation in media in general. I think LGBTQ+ representation in mainstream media is good, and definitely more if it pisses off old homophobic c\*nts and if it's done for good reasons by people who know what they talk about (like RTD).
Something something still not ginger
One of those castings that's really unexpected but is such a good choice.
I’m just glad it wasn’t James Corden
I know it's impossible now but I miss the days when you didn't know it was even going to happen never mind who.

In my case, that was Tom Baker to Peter Davison (who we already knew quite well from All Creatures Great and Small), so obviously a long time ago.

The closest I've had to a comparable experience recently (relatively speaking) was the Doctor we got for The Night of the Doctor which was also a great surprise as well.
The pic of him on Wiki has him wearing glasses. Oh, please let them have a Doctor with glasses! I mean glasses he wears all the Time, not just for reading.
This is gas tbh, Ncuti has a really natural and brilliant charisma and humour
As much as I was hoping for another woman, Ncuti is awesome and an amazing choice for the 14th Doctor!  Can't wait!
NO FREAKING WAY ERIC IS THE DOCTOR LMAO
Cool choice, and one I’m sure won’t cause any controversy with the gammons! Very happy with this personally!
See, race doesn't matter when they hire a fantastic actor. I enjoyed his performance in Sex Ed. And im enthusiastic for his performance as the doctor. Hope it goes well.
Another Scottish Doctor!!! He's a great talent, with him plus RTD very excited for the future of doctor who !!!
One of those surprise castings you would never think of at first, but the more you think about it, the more it makes sense.

Over the moon with this, he was brilliant in Sex Education and I have no doubt he'll be brilliant under RTD.
Do a google image search of this guy and tell me that he doesn't have the Doctor's smile already.
So... Piers Morgan bout to cry XD
Oh damn! Thats an very unexpected choice. RTD put a sneaky on everyone and actually broke his pattern of recasting people he has worked with before.

Its especially interesting, because I remember very early after RTDs announcement there were rumors that they would cast someone from the Sex Education cast.

From the very little I saw of him, I think he is a great actor. I am actually surprised that the BBC isnt going with another female Doctor. I would have personally preffered that, but its not a big deal.

Very exiciting to see how his Doctor gonna be.
I'm hyped. I haven't seen Sex Education but I only hear good things about it and about him. I'm so curious to see what his Doctor will be like.

Also, completely irrelevant but, since Ncuti was born in Rwanda, and raised in Scotland is he actually the first Doctor born outside the UK?
And still not ginger!
Every day, every doctor, my dream of Hugh Laurie being the doctor gets a little bit further from fruition.

Tbh this should be bigger news than whoever the next Bond is.
Hes my favourite character in Sex Education and the one that always ilicits an emotional response. When he went to the Hedwig concert on his own 😔
I’m optimistic. Didn’t care for Jodi at all but I think that was all on Chib.
Never seen him act. Is he decent?
All I want is for him to regenerate look down at his hands and say ‘something tells me I’m still not ginger’
probably a newspaper was going to run the story before the baftas tonight so they announced it quickly shame they didn’t have something filmed for the reveal
A lovely surprise! 
The question next is what accent will he use? He’s Scottish?!
The first woman doctor and now the first POC doctor! Jodie brought such an awesome energy to the show so I’m excited to see Ncuti in action since I loved him in “Sex Education”!
If your curious about Ncutis acting ability, this trailer he did for a videogame gives a different insight other than sex education  on what he can do and what sort of thing I think he's more likely to bring to the table as the Doctor. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc6RMFVy3hw
This new Doctor reveal is really bringing out all the racists on other social media platforms.
Oh god I accidentally went onto the twitter announcement and scrolled into the comments

Jesus Christ stay away from that place
This is going to be brilliant, he's a fantastic actor
Folks who aren't aware there's a show called "Sex Education" might be VERY confused at the leading title on his resume...
He's going to be amazing. 

Now how do I pronounce his name?
That’s interesting. He’s a great actor, can’t wait to see what he does with the role.

If anyone doesn’t know him he is in sex education, pretty good actor who I think will make an interesting doctor. Has a lot of range.
It's not Olly Alexander. 

That's good enough for me.
Did all the other threads on this get deleted by mods because it wasn’t treated as a spoiler? I’ve just had a BBC push notification on my phone with this news, avoiding it will be impossible.
Absolutely did not expect this but I love it.
I’d never heard of Tennant or Smith before or seen them in anything before Doctor Who and they are my favourites and as I haven’t seen or heard of this guy before, I’m optimistic I will also enjoy what he brings to the role as I can see him solely as The Doctor.
So there was no build up towards it and no special announcement program they just dropped a news article out of nowhere.
Oh hey! That guy!

That’s a great choice! Wasn’t on my top ten list, but if he brings the energy he has in Sex Ed, I can definitely see him at the TARDIS controls.

EDIT: I’m audibly rolling my eyes at all of the “never heard of him” complaints on Twitter. Virtually nobody had heard of Tennant or Smith before the were cast and Eccleston was either The Baddie From Gone in Sixty Seconds or The Baddie from 28 Days Later.
Sorry, but the heading *Major casting announcement from the BBC* makes me chuckle.
Great actor, good on sex education, which is awesome. 

My only fear is with the current writers they are going to spend the entire season talking about him dealing with racism / bigotry and make it a depressing season.

The best doctor imo is when he is just energetic and excited about learning and meeting new people.
I just want Doctor Who. Some solid shows with a good run of a season without an 18 month break, I trrwri g stories, interestng situations and forehead slapping moments when I think, why didn't I see that.

  


Here's to RTDs return and a strong future. I can't wait.
For some reason I always thought Peter Dinklage would make a great Doctor. Anyone?
Despite not liking the writing of her seasons, I will miss Jodie.

Welcome Ncuti ! Can't wait to see how he will play the doctor ! I just wish he was announced in a similar way than Jodie, and not just a boring tweet.
Going to miss Whittaker, but excited for change! *Allons-y!*
It fills be with so much sadness how much subtle racism some people have "I have no issue that the new doctor is black, but im sick of them hiring as a box ticking exercise" for example is a seemingly frequent sentiment in certain fan circles😔

Im genuinly so excited to watch Ncuti's take on The Doctor and I hope to god that the change in skin colour acctually impacts the show, even if its just historicals. As long as it annoys the subtly racists.
Seems like a cracking choice
Fantastic casting. He's a great actor with the sort of unique charisma that is vital for the role. I'm actually buzzing about this!
So we’re back to another Scottish Doctor…
Well, no idea who that is. That fits my main criteria for future doctors.  I like that thus far I haven't known any of the Doctor's actors before I knew them as the Doctor.

But I'm a bit disappointed that we know so soon.  I know the reveal being the airing of the final scene of the centenary is a bit much to ask,  but it'd be great.  

And did they really make the announcement randomly on Twitter? Isn't a new Doctor announcement a televised thing with some fanfare nowadays?
OK, OK, I'll watch the Sex Education Netflix, well played.
At 29, He’s actually three years older than Matt Smith when he was casted as the Doctor.
I cannot wait! Ncuti will bring a vibrant flair that Who has never seen before. I believe, as a life-long Whovian, that this could be one hell of an era.
So.....anyone who knows this actor’s work well enough having any idea what *type* he could be playing? I hope it’s not just the sort of silly boyfriend kinda persona that has been a bit overdone recently.

I wish him the absolute best and I hope and believe he gonna smash it. Big surprise to me it was not a woman after all as I’ve expected (and honestly wanted) but.....I trust RTD. His casting choices were always top notch, this is surely gonna work perfectly. There’s no stopping now, the new era is officially starting, let’s gooooooo
[This reply ](https://twitter.com/morganjeffery/status/1523259774988660736?s=20&t=3ohWoEEKu3SuandKAMhbIA)with the 'wash your hands you dutty pig!' with that poor framed pig is hilarious
Completely out of nowhere, but I’m over the moon with this! He’s a great actor and I can’t wait to see what he does with the role. The only thing that lets me down is the racists who’ve come out in droves on Twitter.
Avoid Twitter comments. Bloody hell.
With a face to attach to it, the new era has emerged from from being a murky enigma in the distant future and now feels a great deal more real to me. My mind feels like it’s short-circuiting a little bit.
Doctor Who is probably the best character in fiction to recast in this way. 

Don't ban me.
Awesome. Now my only wish is David Tennet comes back and plays The Master this time. 😈😈😈
Neat.  This will make lots of the back-in-time episodes more interesting to say the least.
He’s relatively unknown and we get a good writer?

Fuck yeah! Next season will be great!

Nothing will hurt Doctor Who other than budget cut and bad writing!
If we're operating under the assumption that his Doctor won't be much like his Sex Education character, this is brilliant news.
I'm super excited about this! It's weird having someone play the doctor that is younger than me though
Ohno, he's hot.
Weird way to announce it, but an amazing casting choice. He's about the same age as Matt Smith was when he started, and similar to him, he also hasn't been in too much (outside of Sex Education of course where he's brilliant). There's so much potential here and I have a lot of faith it will be reached. Might be worth checking out the BAFTA awards later as both RTD and Gatwa will be there (I wouldn't have bothered otherwise haha).
I'm not familiar with him as an actor, but I'm glad they've picked someone who has a theatre background - I think that helps in selling a character like The Doctor, where everything is a bit larger than life and the sets might wobble. Looking forward to seeing him on screen!
I'm not familiar with his work but it's cool RTD decided to cast a relatively unknown actor in the role. Unlike with Eccleston or Tennant, RTD has never worked with Ncuti Gatwa before which means he did a great job with his audition(s) and I trust RTD with judgment as his castings for the Doctors in his first stint was spot on.

So we finally have a black Doctor which is great and I hope this Doctor will be a interesting complex character which I didn't get with the Thirteenth Doctor
Ok the guy is actually good but the anouncement is so underwelming and it came out of nowehre.
Seems like it was essentially [leaked by RT Davies](https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/doctor-who-14th-doctor-ncuti-gatwa-b2074097.html) and BBC wanted to make it official asap.
Oh hell yeah baby I can finally dress up like one of the doctors
Also Kudos to bbcdoctorwho for putting "is the Doctor" in the headline instead of....well, you know

Bracing myself for the casual media to confuse show title and character title for the billionth time over the next few days and not to grind my teeth into oblivion every time I see it lol
That is very left field, it will obviously get bashed by the ‘BBC being politically correct’ crowd of knobs, but he is an extremely good actor if Sex Education is anything to go by, even if they totally messed his character up in the last series imo.

Sex Education is probably a better base for a ‘Doctor’ than Broadchurch as well. Better balance of comedy and drama.
I just saw this as well! I love him on Sex Education. He will make a great doctor!
Neat! I do not know this man. Anyone know if he's good? I assume he must have some banger of an underrated performance somewhere?
Don’t really have an opinion on him, I’ll see how it goes.
In the words of the Brigadier and Madame Vastra: here we go again.
I didn't know him at all -- I just watched a few clips of him on youtube (tv + an interview). I can totally see him as the next Doctor. I think he's a bit of an inspired choice by RTD, and I also think young viewers will love him, so should be healthy for the show as a whole.
I love him in Sex Education but I'm not sure I see him playing The Doctor. But... That's basically what I say with every new regeneration.

Let's see how this goes.
Solid choice. He is really good in Sex Education.
I just want his first episode to be primarily wearing Jodie' clothes.
Never heard of the guy which is normally a good thing! 

Just hope they aren't afraid to show his dark side - that bite is what Jodie always lacked for me. 

Any hints about companions yet?
The Doctor is younger than me... Time is cruel.
I hope the new doctor who returns to a more "alien" settings, I feel like 13 just had to much earth and humans, needs more alien plants and monsters and as negative as it is I kinda hole they retcon the timeless child arc, I can't lie the timeless child takes a little bit of the magic of the doctor out once you know the docs got some sort of grand fate and is very important to the universe and the time Lords,
Personally, I have little to say about the casting choice as of now, this is the first time since Smith where I've not actually seen any of a new Doctor's prior work beforehand. All accounts say that's he's really good in Sex Education though, so I'm optimistic about this.
This coupled with the return of Russell actually has me excited for a new series for a first time in a while, I think the spark might come back to the show soon with this!
That map showing birthplaces of Doctors is going to have one hell of an outlier now.

I have never seen Sex Education so know nothing but  looking forward to this. Always exciting to see a new Doctor.
He is older than Matt was, when he started. Everything will depend on stories.
Can't wait. Hopefully between his energy and RTD coming back it will be reminiscent of the Tennant/Smith years.
Congratulations Ncuti Gatwa for the greatest role in the galaxy. Looking forward to it.
The real question is that is his writing room going to be kind to him or not lol
Pretty happy with that. Just hope the writing is good.
Love this casting. He’s exactly what I wanted the 14th Doctor to be.
Still not ginger!
My only reservation is whether he has the range and gravitas for the role. He does well as Eric in Sex Education, but that's a very different character that needs a very different range of acting skills
I AM SO FUCKING EXCITED
I have no idea who this guy is. But to be fair i had no idea who any of the other doctors were when they were cast so its all the same lol
Just seen an interview where RTD said he'd had someone else nearly until he auditioned. Really curious who
Going back to "young hot dude" I see. Not complaining, though! He seems lovely.
It's a casting decision I wouldn't have expected, but now that it's made, I can't help but agree with it. 

I am glad I haven't seen him elsewhere prior to becoming the Doctor, thus I have no preconceptions of what he's like as an actor, or how he'll pull off playing the Doctor.
Despite being 3 years older than when Matt was casted as 11th, this actor some how look the younger than all previous casting.

Interested to see whether this will affect his portrayal  of the Doctor. Can't really say until we see him in proper outfit.
Ive only ever seen him in Sex Education but he absolutely steals the show in the programme. Very exciting news. 29 is super young to be the doc. How old was Smith? Does this make Ncuti the youngest ever?
I'm feeling cautiously optimistic about this.
I was rooting for T'Nia Miller, but I'm relieved by this - I was petrified about the Tennant rumours. I think RTD would struggle to cast a bad Doctor, so I'm keen.
Holy shit that came out of nowhere. I’m so excited for this though, he’s absolutely brilliant in Sex Education, I think he’ll absolutely kill it as the Doctor
The only hard rule about casting the Doctor that they need to be from the UK. He was born in Rwanda, but he was raised in Scotland, and I think that's close enough.

I trust Davies' judgement.
What a great casting, I can't wait!
Wow didn't expect him but I actually kinda really like it
Amazing actor this is a great choice that I didn’t see coming
Could we get good writing again, please?
The title of this post really buries the lede.

A surprising choice but a welcome one. Really great in Sex Education and definitely has a distinct energy to be the Doctor.
Holy moly. Dropping the news without so much as a teaser!
At least they’re constant in their casting of people who confirm my bisexuality.
Fantastic! He’s an excellent actor. He has the charisma and the acting chops.
I've not heard of him before, but I really hope he manages to portray the Doctor as competant, wise and with a sense of gravitas again.
Always happy to see a Scot as the Doctor. Also the first foreign born Doctor ever if I recall correctly.
Fan since the seventies, first attempt at cosplay. It ain't perfect, but I am really happy with it.

Here's the thing about Cosplay. Unless you are competing at the top levels, it should be about fun. Making/putting a costume together is fun, wearing a costume at an event with good people is fun. Your costume....IS FUN! Good work!

Do you keep a bag of jelly babies in the pocket?
You look like a young Donald Sutherland cosplaying as the Dr.
I think you killed it. Well done, sir!
Hey Frank, I'm coming here from r/all and have never seen an episode of Dr. Who, but I knew exactly who you were cosplaying as, so it must be pretty good!
That's awesome, Frank! Who made the scarf?
Nicely done!
[Tom Baker's reaction to your cosplay.](https://pa1.narvii.com/6431/0567473934688786bd51a4302a9de9e28735178a_hq.gif)
Hi there!, here another fellow fan from the seventies.

When we started watching Dr. Who with black and white TV sets..."and 5 feet of snow, uphill...both waaays!"

Theme song and opening of an episode back in the day:

https://youtu.be/hvuvljREPlI
This whole comment thread is wholesome as fuck and I love it and I love you Frank
Tom would be proud!
Maybe it isn't perfect, but it's 100% clear which character it is and that's what matters.
You've got a very 'Doctor' face.  Friendly, and perhaps a bit mischievous at the same time.  You and the costume fit together perfectly.
Well done!
If the Doctor Who thing doesn't work out, you could do a pretty convincing Jeremy Clarkson.  


Aww I love it 
It looks perfect to me.
I think you look great, Doctor!
Not even a DW fan but it's great to see people enjoying themselves. Nicely done, mate!

Is that a tire pressure gauge? Because if so that's inventive as f. :D
It’s Dr. Whom!!! ; and you all know it. 
Whomst? Wait. 
Replace with white hair and you're Doc Brown!
Jeremy Clarkson as the next Dr. Who confirmed. 
Looks wonderful! 
I'm really happy with it too, nice work 
Dude, you nailed it.
Right on.
Hair, scarf, sonic, costume, jelly babies (or suitable substitute) in a side pocket - looks like the 4th Doctor to me. That cosplay is going to be perfect for photos at your next con. Well done, especially for a first attempt. I'm a 3rd Doctor fan from the early seventies.

BTW, if you haven't checked there yet, Bassets Jelly Babies can be found on Amazon.
I am also really happy with it.
It's fantastic!! Really, absolutely brilliant! 😁
Very cool, nice work.
Wonderful work! ✨
It’s amazing man!!!
this is a brilliant costume.
Awesome job man, looks legit!
Well played sir.
I think you nailed it buddy have a good one
Care for a jelly baby?
That’s actually pretty good. Doctor.
F@$#ing love tom baker. Easily my favorite " old " doctor 
tom baker is my parents favorite doctor, and the reason i got into doctor who! i got my dad a replica scarf a few years ago for halloween (found it in a shop)...he wears it every day in the fall and winter. this picture made me smile and think of him. wonderful job! 
Looks great!
This is spot on! Nice job! 
Amazing job! I love it!
I really need to find that scarf or make one
Great work, just have fun.
excellent! props doctor!
Are you kidding?! That costume is awesome! Very good detail. 
Really good bruv
Fantastic
I love it!
Great work!
The most important thing about cosplay is having fun. You look like you're having fun, so well done.
My favorite Doctor, Tom Baker!
Cosplaying is just about having fun and you're definitely having it! Awesome costume!
doesn't matter if it's perfect man! do what makes you happy :) 
Wow, I love Harry Potter!
Great job man!
Love it! I met an 11 year old kid dressed as Doctor #4 the other day. I was the only one who recognized his costume.
good job frank
DUDE THIS IS THE BEST. I love the scarf.
Good job! Love the jacket. Did you buy it like that or did it have to be modified?
Looks great!! 
It looks great baby
Looks great bud! Have fun with it!
Nice.
I think you look fantastic! It's not about the level of detail, its about how much fun you have putting it together and sharing it with other fans.
Also can be a skinny Tom Hanks. 
Hell yeah looks great the hair is super on point! Keep doing what you love you're why I love the fandom and you are totally killing it!!! Great job and keep being awesome!!!! 
if you had fun doing this, then it's perfect. Also, love the scarf!! 
Good job man. I actually had a small wave of nostalgia pass over me when I first saw your pic. 
Are you kidding me? That scarf is glorious and the cosplay is spot on! Awesome job! 
Did you have fun with it? If you did it's perfect. Great job!
Dude, you look awesome!

Doctor, your ability to blend in with everyday humans has vastly improved.  This perfectly executed  disguise for this regeneration, no one will ever know the power you possess. 
I love the scarf. My sister made me one. Who made your's?
Looks great!
Looking good! The best doctor! Love the scarf!
Excellent!
You should be proud!! It looks great and you're having fun!
Teller? Wheres Penn? :D
Is it just me or does this image look very manipulated? I think you are all upvoting The Master.
Nicely done! Now here's a downvote, Doctor
Remember.   Cosplay is a lifestyle, not a hobby.   Enjoy it
It's awesome! 
Needs more jelly babies.
Fantastic!
WRONG it is perfect. 
You've done really well!
Tom Baker was MY first Doctor..and he was perfect in the role...just quirky enough to really be an alien to Earth!  
I met him at a convention and he is such a sweet man!!
You look great!
Great costume. Now you need to perfect his loping walk.
You chose wisely. Well done! 
J.p. Patches? Lmaooo
Brilliant
That's fantastic! Well done Doctor!
Absolutely fantastic! Spot on!!! 
I love this!
I love it! You’re killin it OP and look like you’re having a great time
You remind me of John Culshaw doing his Tom Baker impression.  It's like a double cosplay.  Bravo to you sir.  

Fuck. Yes. Well done, m'lad! 
You are awesome. 
Can't go wrong when you choose the best Doctor.
at a glance I thought you were Albert Hammond Jr dressed as the doctor
It looks good! All you need  is a bag of jellybabies!
Looks great to me. 😀
Now all you need is a terrifying grin to go with that costume! 
I thought you were Bob Geldof!
By FAR the best doctor 
Love the cosplay and wholesome community!
Very well done sir!
You look great man, fair play to ya!!
You sir, in my humble opinion, have chosen the BEST Doctor.  
It's recognizable, and you're having some fun, it is perfect!
LOL, I'd be the fat tom baker. Tom and Jon are my all time favorites.
You are just so British and I love it. 
The make or break decision for this cosplay is whether you have a bag of jelly bellies in your pocket
Jelly baby?
Mod Mat K
Ronald Weasley's dad?
https://youtu.be/KClVIBAoyFk?t=2m12s
Looks good!
This is really well done! Simple and hits all of the important notes of the look. Good job.
What part isn't perfect? It looks perfect to me!
Holy damn! This is amazing!
‘It isn’t perfect’ *proceeds to have a pretty awesome cosplay* what I’m getting at is well done!
You look amazing!  Great job!

And thank you for posting this!  I have the yarn saved up to make that scarf.  Just need to get rid of more of my yarn stash before starting it.
It’s awesome. I’m a huge fan of Pertwee and Tom Baker’s eras, and you look great.

Would you like a jelly baby?
Mad Frank, if you need some real Jellybabies from the UK. Send me a message , I will send some over with my daughter when she visits the UK and she can post them on her return 
Not bad. You look like you could make a good Twelve too.
I have to agree, it’s not a perfect 4th Doctor. But you know what? You totally look Doctor-ish. As in, you could be the next Doctor and I‘d totally buy it.
Meh
What is the costume of? 
Holy shit. I laughed so hard until I realized this was a serious post on a serious sub.
Where’s pedo bear?
