DAE stay up too late despite needing to sleep because you don't want your free time to end?

My boyfriend always asks me why I stay up late after a long workday and I always tell him that I’m not ready to let this day end and start the next day without having some free time to myself. I need it to keep my sanity. 
Every night. I like to get stoned to the bone at night and then I don’t want the fun to end. I usually play fortnite until like 1 am then maybe some Spider-Man then I’ll lay in bed on Twitter until like 3. I need help. 
This is me every single night for the past 3 years. My kid is 3 and nights are my only truly free time. It’s when I watch Netflix and browse the web. Some nights it’s hard to decide what’s more fun... that or sleep  
Every single night. I need my own time for myself or else I'm a miserable ass. 
I think I'm addicted to free time. To the point where I don't want to have kids. And I want a low maintenance relationship. 
Every night
Yes I will actually go to sleep earlier before days off because I know I will have some free time then. 
Definitely. I have 2 young kids and one big man child. Somebody wants something every minute of the day so finally at the end of the night when I'm in bed and suppose to be sleeping, I'm spending time watching a show or browsing Reddit when I really need sleep.
My wife scolded me for coming to bed super late last night. I had to remind her I have to sacrifice job, free time, for sleep. Can’t sacrifice job and I want more free time so sleep is sacrificed.
Oh yeah. Isn’t it sad that people stay up all night, go to work running on empty, and then do it all over again every single day just to feel like they have any time at all to themselves? This is what scares me about having kids. I have very little free time as it is and I already feel run down just from working full time and keeping the house up. Add a kid to the mix and these eye bags are a permanent feature. 
I feel this on a spiritual level
YES MY WIFE HATES IT!!

I get at least 5 hours of sleep on days I work.  I get up at 830 and go to bed at 3 or 330.  I just can't bring myself to go to bed at an earlier time even though I'm just playing video games or watching youtube/browsing reddit.  But usually when my wife is awake I'm hanging out with her, so when she goes to bed at 1130 that is my free time, which I want more than an hour or two of.
OOf me. My psych evaluation went something like

&#x200B;

Psychiatrist: So why do you never sleep?

&#x200B;

Me: Well, at least at night, I don't have to deal with any of these bitches. You catch my drift?
I find this way too relateable. 

I find myself tired, and have no issues falling asleep once I lay down and close my eyes.

However my motivation to hop into bed and stop enjoying whatever I'm doing is always low, and most of the time I'll stay up as late as I can, taking the trade off for less sleep. 

I tried to find some reading on changing my mindset on sleep, and have listened to podcasts about it, however I still find myself going to bed as late as I know I can get away with.
Yes! I actually don’t understand the people that come home from work and go to sleep early. It just makes the next day of work come quicker!
Story of my life. Been doing this basically since I graduated high school, so like, 7 years ago. Will probably die of heart failure at some point due to lack of sleep lol.
Is there anyone who has a LPT or advice on how to change this? I'm running on fumes permanently because of this and shit needs to change. A valuable tip or advice please. Not "just go to bed earlier".
What do you think i'm doing right now?
I'm currently studying to be an engineer and I have the most packed days I ever had, so I often end up working until around midnight, but I always sacrify at least an hour of sleep to the internet when I shouldn't.

&#x200B;

I would really like to be freed of this burden but I don't seem to have the strength to do so.
Avid sleep procrastinator here!
Seems to be 98% of adult life. Especially if you have kids 
Every weekday I stay up to 2:00 - 2:30 even though I have work the next day. I'm 27 and I am doing it until I die in a year or two from exhaustion.
I do it every day and regret it every morning.
Every fucking night. I work from home and have 3 kids so "free time" is not plentiful. I wake up and parent then I "go" to work, i take lunch and hang out with the kids, then I get off work and relieve my partner and hang out with the kids.  Then its dinner and after the kids finally get to bed I just want some time to myself
Absolutely. As a someone who has an almost unbelievably happy home family life, I adore spending time with my wife and daughter. That being said, I relish the times they go to bed and I can play FIFA and Rocket League undisturbed 
Yup. It's much worse when you use large amounts of methylphenidate 
Yes. At this exact moment
As someone who likes to stay up late exactly for this reason, I also like to wake up early for the same. 
DAE breathe?
All the time, i have weird work schedules which consists in me going to work at 3pm and leaving at 12am, so i really dont enjoy the day and at night everything is closed for me to do anything, so i just lay in bed with my pc till morning.
Too often!!! I only  started doing this recently 
I get home from work late and can never bring myself to go to bed right away, even if it means not sleeping and regretting it the next day
My life rn
Omg yes! Story of my mf life. I love it though 
All the time. If I don't get my me time I'll stay up later to get it.
I like to stay up because I don’t want my time with others to end. If I’m alone, I’ll fall asleep right quick. 
Its more like I stay up late to GET my free time. I work early, come home late. 
Me!! 🙋🏻‍♀️
As a mother I can tell you this is what I am doing this very moment 
Every day!!
Doing that right now.
Yes.
Every damn night. Ugh.
Exactly me now.

I worked 14 hours total at my two jobs. I'm exhausted, my feet hurt, and I still need to do laundry.

I just want a drink and play some Dota but honestly I'm probably gonna crash out cause I'm just over the day 
I felt this. 
It’s the only thing that keeps a pistol out of my mouth sometimes. 
All the time. Then regret it as I struggle to wake up in time for school.
My thought 2 seconds ago. 
That's what I'm doing right now.
Doing so right now, in fact.  
Literally me right now! 😂
Currently doing this
Haha it’s 3:07 in the morning here. I spent all night playing smash bros ultimate with my cousins, so I feel that. Now I’m on Reddit because I don’t want to go to bed.
Sleep *is* my free time.
Yes.
This is me right now
I do this almost every night. 
yes! after work I need at least 2-3 hours even if its already really late to just enjoy myself. I feel like a day is wasted if I didn't get much free time.
As a parent......I try but I fall asleep anyway. 
This was me last night. I went to bed at 1am. Why? No reason really, I just kinda wanted to.
I've flipped this and have started to wake up early. Feeling personally fulfilled before work has made my life better overall. I feel less stressed and more relaxed after and before work now.

Try it out! 
Yep
Yep - plus drinking time
I always stay up late because I'm trying to collect more junk so I can make more shit in Fallout 76 or because I'm binge watching The Office again for the 70th time.

So yeah, I  guess so.
Almost always. Then I'm in a chronic brain fog because I'm so tired 
Yep
I get off work at midnight, I need at least 2 hours to do some activities before bed or else my mind can’t turn off. 
Literally doing it right now even though both myself and boyfriend are tired. 
Me right now.
YESSS!!! HAHAHA DAMN IT YES
Kind of...I get sleepy and if I continue to do whatever I was before, then I eventually get some energy. Ping pong until I pass out haha
yes, I got shit to do tomorrow morning so I don't want it to come
Almost every night.  Also not wanting to face tomorrow.
This exact thought ran through my head not 20 minutes ago.
All the time. -,-
Nearly every single night. I convince myself that I can go on 4 hours of sleep. Every morning I regret that choice. But still somehow worth it.
Please define "free time".
Doing that right now
I’m doing this right now
Every night. 
Every day
Oh, hell ya!
This is happening too much for me rn, waking up at 5:00 in the afternoon
Am doing that now
Story of my life and it’s really harming me. See my most recent post. I feel so powerless to stop it though 
You mean like right now? Yes.
All the time
I avoid bed because tomorrow is the next day.
I’ve been at work miserable because I only slept 2 hours. But then I end up staying up way past when I should go to bed that night. I’ll sleep when I die! 
Why I’m perpetually exhausted. 
Me right now....
Almost every night. Doing it as we speak.  Some people meditate, some sleep, I game. Is my way to detach from the working day.
I spend all day wanting to just go home and go to bed, then the time comes and I dont want the mindless social media scrolling or binge watching to end! I always pay for it the next and yet I do it all over again! 
I am doing that right now.
Everyday!
Yes. My husband and I work at the same company and carpool together. My late nights are the only alone time I get.
My life in a post. 
When I was bullied in school I wouldn’t want to go to sleep because then school would come sooner so I would stay up until I feel asleep from exhaustion
Reading this question made me realize that the exact reason why I stay up late is because I want more free time. I didn't realize it until now, though, kinda funny.
Sadly yes also this is exactly why I hate this modern world for this exact reason everyone’s miserable and nobody does what they want truly
One word.

Terraria

r/terraria where are you guys
Worked 6-2pm shift used to go to bed at 1/2am

Worked nightshift 10pm - 6am went to bed at 2pm 


Safe to say I hate the whole.  Work eat sleep repeat 
 
So happy I’m not alone in this!
Yes!

Yes and I hate myself for it all day long, until the work day ends and it starts over again. I think workdays should be shorter...
Aaaand this is the universe telling me to take my ass to sleep.
I was just about to post this. Only had 3.5hours of sleep and now I have work. Faaaaaaaaaaakkkk!!!
I get up early for it
Yep, every single night of my life 
I once had a therapist that told me that it is a sign of depression. I am not saying you have it, just that it is a sign of it. She told me I had reached a point in my life where I didn't want tomorrow to come, that was why I stayed up so late.
Yes I’m doing this at the moment lol. It’s 2 i. The morning and j gotta work tomorrow. Wah :( 
If I go to sleep early, I have to go to work earlier. If I stay up, I have more time to do nothing. 

Life hack
Lol @ all the idiots with kids, shot yourself in the foot with that one
I think it's been even worse for me lately since I only get like 1 day off a week on average now. Then my day off is usually spent cleaning or running errands or something. So I rarely ever get time in general for any of my interests. (I have no children, couldn't imagine being able to do it with kids but I can't afford that anyway.) I also can't do naps and falling asleep has never been easy for me anyway, I get random bouts of insomnia and it generally takes a couple of hours for me to get to sleep in the first place. 
Not wanting to sound like a deprecating weirdo however it’s the truth.I stay up all night because i believe there is nothing for me to wake up to. And the serene rush from my Brian trying to make me fall asleep I use to relax in a therapeutic manor. I doubt most people don’t do that. 
Yes, this.
Sleep at work

\#PowerMove
Every night!
Didn’t know anyone else experienced this. I used to describe it as “I need time where I’m awake but not at work” when I had a couple shitty jobs I hated. 

Now I have a job I actually like and don’t mind going to just now I’m so used to be awake I still stay up late. 
There is a name for this that I cannot remember. Like the Sunday creeps or something. 


But yes, especially if you don’t enjoy your job. It’s the worst then. 
Yes, and I've been thinking of it a lot lately with the intention to research ways to combat this bad habit.
I always watch like an hour of TV after every time I go out with friends. If I don't spend some time by myself, I'm not satisfied with the day.
I mean I have insomnia so I’m up by default but I do work when I’m up knowing it will keep me up. (Which is a bad idea) so I guess technically I am enabling myself to stay up longer than before 
Basically my life in a nutshell. Plus I love being alone, so the more alone time I get the happier I am. 
Hey, I don't need your personal attacks.
God yes
Every work night. Weekends I tend to have earlier nights.
Bruh...
Yes
Yes I do this but I think that's because I procrastinate almost every aspect of my life and I don't know how to fix that.
I used to do this way too much. Staying up until 2 or 3 in the morning and waking up at 7AM completely exhausted. My solution was to pick a song, and fall asleep to that every night. After 3 years of it I can fall asleep before the song ends consistently, no matter how awake I feel.
It is never too true for a full time stay-at-home mom\~
Every.Single.Night.
Fun fact, this is called “revenge bedtime procrastination.” It’s a phenomenon in which people put off going to bed to engage in activities that they don't have time for during the day.
yes always
I had this when I worked 10 hours days. I would wake up at 6 am and get home after 6pm. After dinner and maybe gym, it would be 8pm. I literally only had 3-4 hours to myself if I wanted to get a full 8 hrs sleep. I would never go to bed before 12am ever. I was always sleep deprived though. There was no solution
Every night for my whole life. The late late night is so peaceful and quiet and the perfect time for free time.
DAE wish people would stop upvoting posts on this sub that obviously 99.9% of redditors relate to?
DAE think the music they listen to is really good while listening alone, but when showing it to others, they get extremely self-conscious about it?

It's a really weird experience.

It's not like showing someone a joke, or a meme. It's not like sharing a news article or a Reddit thread. Those are all media that help us relate and connect with things around us.

My music ***is*** me, for lack of a better description. The music I listen to is so intensely personal that it's almost an externalization of my own emotions. Sharing my music feels like sharing a piece of myself.

Never do I feel more vulnerable than when I share my music. Because them not liking it feels like them not liking me.
Yeah and then when they say they don’t like it you sort of start to have a different feeling about the song. 
Yeah I like enjoying music by myself... some songs are just too deep that they make me uncomfortable sharing with other people
All the time. Even though I’ve been told I have good taste in music, I just get suddenly shy and self conscious haha.
If you actually want to show it to others, give them a Spotify playlist/whatever and let them listen to it on their own time. They're unlikely to be able to absorb it while you're watching and (personally) I don't really come to like songs until I've heard them a few times, which is more likely to happen if I have them on Spotify.

Also avoids your problem.
Agreed. A lot of my favorite music I listen to through a personal context that I couldn't even begin explaining to people.
DAE play "air instruments" (drums, guitar) while listening to their music, but turn to stone when someone else is near? 
Trance
I was actually thinking about this recently myself! I am extremely self-conscious and quite low on the confidence scale, so whenever I share something, it’s always quite precious to me (despite how cheesy that may sound). A little recently, I have been really into Synthwave and 80s-style music because I love the sounds and nostalgia (even when not having lived in it) feelings I get from them. It just makes me feel great! When I shared it to a friend, he was like, “Is this what you really listen to?” I instantly deflected it and avoided the subject entirely. I don’t want to paint him badly as he may have been curious, but I was quite hurt by that unfortunately. I also am the type of person who usually does not reveal his hobbies or interests (e.g., music, etc.) until I know a person well enough. Always anxious about what people think! I am quite flexible in my music preferences as well, as I tend to really like certain stuff from all genres. Especially “epic” music, classical, EDM, and pop. It really depends on mood at the moment. Heck, I even love to listen to anime openings and soundtracks too from them; as well as video games and movies because some are genuinely great! 
That anxiety as your favorite part is coming up and they're talking about something....
All the time - I have a song that I like, so I show it to a friend, and they have no reaction until the end and it’s super awkward, and yeah
TL;DR, don’t show songs to other people
I know I have terrible taste in music (Nickelback, Five Finger Death Punch, etc.) so yes. I definitely enjoy listening to my kind of music alone, but if someone passes me the aux, I freak tf out
[deleted]
Yep. I love pretty much any metal, but most my family hates it. Was told a lot that they don't know how I can listen to "that crap". It's still kinda hard to believe it when people have the same taste in music as me.
You just have to be proud of who you are and what you enjoy. Nobody can mock confidence.
Partially, but on the other hand the Icelandic folk music and 20 minute long field recordings of a convince store and songs made entirely of Japanese children screaming on my playlist will make you even more uncomfortable 
Most of the music I enjoy is because of the beat/melody/flow, so I don't pay too much attention to the lyrics. When playing the music for someone else is when I first seem to notice how repetitive or dirty the lyrics are. Although I do enjoy dirty lyrics, but mostly because I see them the same as saying a dirty joke, where I can't take them seriously.
A little, cause I know very few ppl in real life who listen to the same type of music as me.
Not one person I know IRL listens to more than 2 or 3 artists in my library. Even then, they only know like radio singles. I thought people these days were all about the indie shit? Just me?
Absolutely. I think it’s because music is a huge part of my life, and I feel like showing people my favorite bands or songs is akin to revealing something very deep and personal to someone. It’s me being vulnerable 
A handful of songs I truly enjoy just sound odd to some people or I would think it would sound so and I get pretty exited yet anxious about it
Oui
We have SONOS player at work. When I play my own personal playlist I get slightly anxious if people are going to like what I play. 
Oh I hate when people ask me what kind of music I listen to. I never know what to say because I’m not about to share what I actually listen to. 
Sometimes I make playlists to share with my girlfriend and then sheepishly apologize for every song 🙃
Same goes with when I'm playing the piano by myself and when I play infront of my friends
Same with movies.
[deleted]
yeah, I try to show my friends Rush and they thought it was 'Janis Joplin gone mad'. 
#metoo
there's this song called teen idle that I listen to on repeat like all the time
Yes. This is why I'm very selective about the music I listen to with other people.
My fiancé is a total music snob so when I put on my music and I've got a mix of stuff, including some shitty pop that I like because I have good memories associated with it, there's always an elitist comment about how it sucks. I know it's not good music, it just makes me feel good? Excuse me lol
Definitely, unless I know for certain they're a fan of that particular genre. 
YES! With all media really - music, movies, etc.
Me all the time
Considering all the Black metal music I listen to, yeah totally 
Absolutely. My playlist on Spotify consists mainly of music from movie soundtracks, orchestrations people made themselves,  random rock and alternative songs here and there. I've never met anyone who has the same taste in music as I do so the idea of sharing my music with anyone else makes me feel uncomfortable and self-conscious. 
What's worse is that I go to a school where everyone loves listening to current popular artists, and then there's me.
10/10 IGN can relate
All the damned time, 
Yea lol, Taylor Swift
Absolutely 
Nah. Fuck people. 
Yes, all the time but I don't care
Yep. If this is the case, it means I only like the beat/instrumentals but find the lyrics dumb. 
Me all the time. I try to compliment people’s music tastes for this reason, even if I’m not crazy about the song 
Certain songs I do. Usually for stuff that's really cheesy but I like it anyway.
Funny you mention it, I just had this experience while showing my friend my favorite new track by Kings of the Sea - Lobstahs
I'm like that with everything. Not just music. Movies, shows, books. I get so anxious showing people anything I really like. 
I know that my music is the best and everyone who doesn't enjoy it just doesn't get it. Just like I don't get some music other people love either. No need to feel ashamed for that! 
Yep. I like almost anything, but I never really went deep into underground music, or the back stories of artists, or anything like that. I just enjoy things I can tap my foot and sing along to.
 
However, my boyfriend has been playing guitar for 30 years and a bit of a music snob. He isnt a jerk about it, but it's hard for me to listen to what I consider "comfortable background music" when he always has something to say about how unoriginal something is, or its lack of musical innovation.
 
Sometimes a song doesnt have to be amazing to be a hit, and I wish more people could be cool about it.
No. Cause the music I listen to is really good. And everyone I've introduced it to claimed its really beautiful epic music. 

https://youtu.be/OyRkWSpagis
Nope, I like showing music to friends.
Unfortunately I’m a Death Grips fan...
Sure, but then this is also a good reason for me to analyze why I like a certain song.  If I actually like something, if I genuinely like it, I am more than happy to share it with someone.
I don't get self conscious about it but I know when they're not gonna like it. 
All the time
Never felt this way
Not at all, unless it’s profane and it’s inappropriate for the situation.

I have very broad taste in music, and I know people won’t like some of it. 

For example, I’m a major One Direction fan, which isn’t really popular among adults, so I know I might get shit for it. I don’t care, though, and I’m very open about it.

On my playlist, you can go from Never Gonna Give You Up to Neil Young to One Direction to Weezer to the Eagles and all kinds of pop and rock in between.
Sort of, but in a way I don't care. My fiance likes Kings of Leon, I definitely don't. He also likes Danzig and country music so he really can't put down my tastes in music, which are mostly hits from the 60s through the 90s.
I don’t share the music I like with people unless they specifically ask, mention that they like the same songs/artists, or seem interested.  

I hate the feeling of sharing my favorite songs with people and then getting a “meh” reaction, or no reaction. My favorite songs are like, my life blood, so it stings a bit when others can’t even pretend to understand where that feeling comes from.

However, I do admit to being underwhelmed when others try to hype a song or artist for me that I really SHOULD like, but sincerely don’t. I’m able to fake enthusiasm for the sake of being polite, but I can relate to the other side of it too.
I absolutely feel this way about the music I write.   This description nails it.
I dunno what other bands give this kind of feeling to you but being a Sarah records fan growing up in the heart of Miami booty bass, there was never a time when it was ok to share my favorite music with friends. 
Most people generally don't enjoy black metal, so I usually try not to show anyone what I listen to. 
Yes. Oh my god yes.
Kinda yeah, because the conversation usually goes something like this:

Me: Let me play something on the speaker

Friend: Alright, play something good

*30 seconds later*

Friend: What the fuck is this trash

But honestly, we're friends and it's just innocent poking, I respond the same way so it usually ends up with the fight about who can play bigger trash than the other.
I listen to really obscure music, so I avoid showing it to anyone. I don't feel comfortable sharing my music tastes to others as well.
Man nobody else seems to appreciate [Grant MacDonald](https://open.spotify.com/track/2w09i8WQjzVIIPEcU3TJM4?si=SjE_cN5OQc-8XOtNqYse3A) like I do
I wish I could give all of you a piece of my "don't give a shit" attitude because I know I can't just tell you to not care about what others think of you or the stuff you like.

Just do you the best you can!
I liste to a lot of stuff like chill step, jazz and math rock. I wonder if qnyone is even into it. Thwy always say its elevator music. But... In a good way?
I do the playlist thing for people, let them check it. Have several for a bunch of different people . Some songs make you think of certain people, or you just know there taste . So I hook them up. There always saying how come I haven't got a new track on my playlist in awhile? In which I probably have several that I just haven't got to doing it yet, and they end up with 10 tracks , rather then one every once in awhile. 
I actually think most of my music taste is awful and confusing. My most listened to bands are Metallica and Fallout boy. I also love the sound track to musicals. Everything is a guilty pleasure to me, so I let my more musically discerning friends take the aux cord lest anyone learn my dirty secrets. 
No. I'm very good at knowing what music will be popular with whatever audience and I choose music accordingly. I don't play music I love but don't think others will like for other people. If people are around, I'm a DJ. I play what they want, not what I want. 

The idea that some people have "good taste" in music and others have "bad taste" in music is ridiculous. It's all completely subjective and there are so many genres. For instance, I hate country music. You could be a country music connoisseur with a collection of the finest country music ever produced, but that's not my cup of tea so I won't enjoy myself no matter what your tastes are. 
I feel so anxious during the whole car ride when I have the aux 
I've given up on that, but it's facinating. 

I perceive time much differently when I am alone and enjoying the music without judgement like when showing it to others. I realise the music can have 4min intros I thought were 30 secs. 
A lot of people are just not open-minded to music.  
If they have not heard I on the radio before, they think it sucks.
There is an artist I have loved since I was 18. I don't tell people because A.) As a solo artist, no one knows who he is because he never got popular in the states.
B.) The band he was in isn't popular anymore and only their super popular songs are even remembered. 
I still listen to him all the time and I follow him on Facebook because he's super involved with his fans. I saw him in concert twice but not in about 18 years. I don't want people to make fun of me for liking his music. 
Yeah. I turned on Disturbed’s “Down With the Sickness.” I was super pumped to share it with my friend and had the biggest smile on my face waiting for the “oh wa ahahahahah.” She turned to me and said “WTF is this? This sounds like some sort of goat slaughtering music.” I learned that day that David Draiman isn’t for everyone. 
Absolutely!  I love 80’s hair band music but, I will never play it around others. 
I used to feel this way about John Mayer, but I eventually stopped caring about peoples' perception of my musical tastes. If I think someone is incredibly talented, I'll wear that shit loud and proud!
Lately I been listening to a shitload of breakup music. I can tell it makes my friends uncomfortable/sad for me 😂😭
No
I listen to alternative & rock music and for me as a teen, if you don’t listen to rap or pop your trash go everyone else. Too many times when somebody told me my music is trash, yea that’s ur opinion, and my opinion is rap is trash (now a days, i find rap from early 2000’s and 90’s were the best) 
Like many others, I totally feel you on this. And I think your question pertains to in-person sharing, but on a media note - I kind of miss the days of making a tape or burning a CD for people. A Spotify playlist just seems sooo impersonal. Sharing a physical object either implied trust if it was your only copy or that you value the recipient to spend a little money and time to make them a copy. I have very slowly introduced my girlfriend to my music library since we've been dating, and I make her elaborate CD cases and handwritten track listings. I know it's 2018, but we have three concerts lined up to see in the coming months  :)
I listen to a lot of Bill Wurtz and Jack Stauber, which both seem like just absurdist comedy at first, but I've found after a while they double as really great music. I never listen to them without headphones though for that exact reason
Especially if it’s in a different language. Idk why. 
Life of a Chief Keef fan 
yup
Yes. I am a huge Taylor swift fan and she is constantly made fun of and criticized by all the people I hang out with and they role their eyes when I mention her. I’ve just adapted to listening to other music around them. 
This is the shit I come here for
Yes. I do 🎶
Nah, my mentality is usually "Fuck y'all this is fire!"
OMFG YES
YES
No, I don’t give a shit.
I'm 22 years old and I mainly listen to classic rock with some indie rock thrown in there. Most of my peers listen to Drake and Childish Gambino. It ain't easy being born in the wrong decade. 
Yesss, it's like you're showing someone your work or school project, and hoping for positive feedback
All the time!!
Every time!
I've gotten used to "ew"
Yeah, I prefer concert pieces that would be play in band or instrumental songs like ones by melody sheep, I don’t want anyone else to hear my music because I feel that because I fell I will get mad fun of because it isn’t rap I hate rap music
Dae breathe
DAE not feel comfortable if they have things to do later in the day?
I can’t enjoy my current time if I know I have something to do later. For example, I have to take my mom to the airport at 5 PM, and I felt like my whole day was wasted because I couldn’t just chill and crawl in bed knowing I had to be somewhere later, even though I was up at 7 AM.

If work requires me to be there at 4PM, I can’t sleep, rest, do anything entertaining or mind grabbing knowing I have to abruptly end it and go to work.

Anyone else have this problem?
Yes and I would absolutely love to hear any tips of avoiding this!! Except for pretending the “thing to do” isn’t actually happening - ugh ! 
It almost feels like a countdown, and I can't enjoy my time without, worrying about it. Even if it's nothing to even worry about.
Yes and it makes me look like a bitch who can’t relax...or maybe it just makes it more apparent that I’m a bitch who can’t relax.
Always. I can't relax if I have any commitments in the day at all. 
Yep, definitely. I feel like I need the entire day off to truly feel “stress free.” 
I have a lot of anxiety related to being on time. This mostly just means that I'm early for most things, but when I have obligations later in the day I get really nervous about doing anything else for fear that it will complicated the timeline and make me late.

What has helped is scheduling stuff beforehand. If I need to take my mom to the airport at 5pm, I'll pencil in an hour to do cleaning or shopping, make a plan for lunch, etc. If I have a solid idea of what I want to get done -- and if I block out time for it -- I can better gauge how I'm doing on time and then I won't feel like I'm going to be late for an evening commitment just because I want to spend 30 minutes watching a TV show at 8:30 am.
Yes! I always get this with doctors and dentist appointments too. It happens with any appointment really. It sucks. 
Not sure but I've always assumed this was an ADHD thing, since for me it's all about being afraid I'll get distracted, forget about the time, and then either be late or miss the thing altogether.  Because of course that really has happened, more times than I like to think about.  Glad to know I'm not the only one.  Well, not really -- sorry others have this too.
I work 12:30-3:30 pm Monday through Friday. Sometimes I’ll stay in bed until 11 to get ready, then I feel guilty for not getting up earlier to get stuff done. 
I literally thought I was the only person with this problem.  
Literally assumed I was the only one, didn't realize how much this very thing bothered me until I just read this dae... thanks so much for your post!

Even if I have a nail appt, or some silly doctors visit that will take 15min, it's on my mind all day until I go:(

I do this with EVERYTHING, actually except, strangely, for work (kind of). I work nights 7p to 7a...I wake up at 4p and do the typical pre- getting ready stuff (eat, coffee, read, etc...)but don't allow myself to think about work or contemplate what sort of shift we're likely to have until 530p... that's when I shower and get actually ready for work. 

Really a frustrating habit, being obsessed with whatever is coming next rather than living in the moment,smh.

EDITED for "Eric", (lol it was etc...), and a few other typos!
Just reading this gives me anxiety. A good thing that I do is set a timer for like a half hour before I need to do it that way I know I won’t forget(I forget a lot with add) that way I know I’m going to do it and deal with what I have to do. After that I try to forget about it and be present in the moment. For me anxiety used to play a big role in my life. I have almost overcome crippling anxiety by practicing mindfulness. 

YES, I hate feeling like I have a deadline on my relaxation. 
I think this is why I prefer scheduling things earlier in the day rather than later
Yes!  Sometimes my job requires a “half shift,” either only morning or only afternoon.  I ALWAYS opt for the a.m. shift when possible because I hate waiting for the p.m. shift.
I worked 7 days a week for three years. My weekends would be marred by knowing I had work at 4. I would be grumpy if we had errands to run and got back to the house after 12 because to me the whole day was gone.

I finally got to a place where I didnt need to work on the weekends anymore and it has been a vacation ever since.
Yes, it's anxiety.
Yes always!!! I absolutely cannot spend my day comfortably if I have an obligation later. It really sucks because I feel this way even if the obligation is something enjoyable 
And I thought I was the only one. This is absolutely relatable and kind of problematic in my life
Yep. Something that has been helpful for me has been practicing mindfulness and staying present and in the moment. Checking in with each of my five senses helps with this. Meditation would probably also be helpful.
This is exactly why I always make sure my butler has a to-do list.
Yeah except make it month instead of a week. Essay deadline in 3 weeks? Yeah let's worry about that every waking second so that I can't enjoy anything and the angst makes me completely unproductive to the point that despite being worried a long time in advance I'm rushing everything at the last second and performing poorly.

That is exactly how I am too. 
yes but i have started to do something lately that really helps me  ill just tell myself ill think about it later or i set a specific date or time for just thinking how m gonna solve my problem that's it that way i avoid keeping my self worried the whole time 
Yes! Work now rest later I always say. If I don't get whatever done right away I'll likely never do it.
100% Me. My friend was talking about all this stuff we could do in one day and then go to work later in the day. I was just sitting there unenthusiastic about the plans just because I knew the dreadful feeling of having to go to work later would be there
YES. It’s like a weight on my shoulders, or a looming deadline.
Honestly, I think this is why I don't really... do anything... I've gotten so in the habit of not DOING anything that I also sit and do nothing on my free days, too.

Got into this habit years ago while in a toxic relationship and haven't gotten out of it. I'm sure my depression has to do with it too.
Yes! Ugh it drives me crazy and I'm not sure how to do thinking like that 
YES
Yes! 
Yes and I have no clue how to deal. 
This is exactly how I am. I can't go do anything as I'm too tense 
I feel unconfortable if i feel like i will waste time not doing anything productive, like this christmas dinner, it was nice the dinner then the gifts, but when you dont have anything else to do besides being around people...i just wanted to go home to rest and have a me time, going around my pc, instead i was falling asleep at the table looking to the air tired...i had to work this 2 days.
Yes! On Saturdays I bartend 5pm-12am and every Saturday I can’t do anything and just dread it all day long. It ruins my entire day. 
Yes. And the countdown to the thing gives me major anxiety. I dread it. I feel like the world is going to end when the time comes. 
Ugh yes. I have family who loves to have their get togethers and parties at 2:00 pm on Sunday afternoons. The worst. 
I have had this problem. Now if I work later or have something to do later, I will give myself a time frame. I make a time when I have to take a shower and get ready. Before that time, I will sit down and hang out. Maybe I will watch a tv show I recorded. You have to train yourself not to  worry about what you have to do later. You have to find a way to get comfortable. 
      Anything you need to bring with you when you leave, you should have that ready the night before. If you are all set up and ready to go, then forget about it. Let it go. 
   Personally I went through the same aniexity you are feeling and I still go through it, but I have been better at it.
     If I didn't adapt, it will drive me  mad. 

All the time. Every time I think of something I want to get done, whether it’s big or small, I have to add it to a to-do list on my phone or else I’ll be bothered for eternity. 
Absolutely. Its why I became a morning person. I work out early and like an earlier work shift/schedule so when I'm done, I'm free!...unless I have a social engagement. But now have limited those greatly too.
same here 
Yes, and I delivered pizzas at night for years. Looking back I'm not sure how I didn't lose my mind.
I totally get this and something that has helped me recently is to try to consider myself when busy and myself when free to do whatever two different people? Sounds weird but if I really focus on imagining that there are two versions of me, a 'busy' irise\_s whose entire life is being busy and an 'idle' irise\_s whose entire life is being lazy and having fun it helps me be more in the moment with either state of being
I think i've figured it out.

It's all about the meaning you assign to your task. Just ask yourself why are you so afraid of it. Then try to come up with arguments why are you wrong. If you miss/do an error with the assingment - it's not the end of the world. And there is no point of worrying about it now. Be rational. Also, it usually doesn't works if it isn't you who comes up with the arguments. Some basic meditation attempt could help too. 
Yes! Only the anxiety it creates is so awful for me that  I cannot make plans. It sounds crazy but awful.
I think this has to do with perceived importance of the event that is making you anxious. I am not saying I know the solution to this problem, but maybe having a plan b in mind can help you relax a bit.
I totally get that feeling. One way that has helped me deal with it is to actually just lean into it. I try to schedule all the things I have to do on the same day so then it will be a productive day. I was going to be stressed about it anyway, might as well channel that energy. Or if the things on my list are flexible, I try to get them done as soon as possible to leave more empty time for myself stress-free
This is literally me right now
Work days don't belong to me. They belong to the stress that eats at me minute by minute before I have to finally go. I can't do anything entertaining, rest or eat comfortably.
This is the main reason I gave up being a musician. Rehearsals/Performances are usually at night. When teaching the earliest people wanted lessons were about 11am.
I would have anxiety to the point I would cancel the lesson, as I just couldn't do it as it ruined my WHOLE day.

I now work 6am - 2pm in a "normal" job and my depression is 90% better. No hanging around, I wake up @ 4.45am, get ready and leave. The work and people are awful, so anxiety and rage is bad, but depression is a-ok.
Yep. I thought I was the only person. Everyone seems to handle their days so gracefully, meanwhile I'm a ball of tension. I just had a 4 day "weekend" but I barely felt like I could do anything because I had to listen to the "goings-on" in the house 😓
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/adhd_anxiety] [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/adhd_anxiety/comments/a9q2sv/this/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*
Yep  I'm exactly the same!
🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏻‍♀️. I feel tense and like I can’t relax all day. 
I set a timer for when I have to start getting ready to leave then instantly feel more relaxed 
Same
Yep
Yes, especially when I have to work at night. 
It doesn’t keep me from doing attention grabbing things but it tortures me endlessly having to leave in the middle of it. I’d rather get everything done so I have nothing to worry about but like you I work in the evening so it’s either deal with it or wake up at 4pm for me 
Yes, but I set alarms for when I have to start getting ready and that helps *a lot*. 
Sounds like classic anxiety?
Yep. I waste so much time.
I used to feel that way when I would have to work an afternoon/evening shift. I haven’t had to for years and now I’m a stay at home mom so work starts as soon as we wake up. But I’ve lost the anxious part of I plan on doing something with my son later in the day. I’m too busy worrying about his schedule to think about my own and I think that helps haha. 
So much so!! I got a bit better at it in university, since some days I didn’t have classes starting until noon or later, or I had morning classes and then a weirdly long break.

I like to set an alarm on my phone (30 minutes to an hour before I have to leave/be ready) and then try to do anything to fill the time. Watch TV, do some quick chores (like laundry or dishes), take a quick nap. But it definitely makes my day feel weird!
All the time. I try to get everything done before 7
I am this way too!! It doesn’t necessarily prevent me from doing the things I need to do it’s that I can’t actually unwind in my mind with things having over my head. My husband does not have this problem and looks at me like I’m crazy when I try to explain this to him! 
All the time.
Yes or the next day
Yes and it's especially frustrating because I work 3pm to 11pm 
I definitely have this problem. Sometimes the anticipation of something just kills me.
yup. im just working part time at a department store rn. sometimes i don't work till 5 or 6 pm,,, and on those days i still feel like my day is shot. i usually will just sleep till an hour or two before i have to leave for work 
M.m
Ruins my damn day.
This is why I hate working PM shifts. I literally just have it in the back of my mind that I HAVE to enjoy my day before work, otherwise I won’t enjoy it at all. I feel the pain
Sometimes it is like that for me but most of the times it's the stark opposite. 

I hate having fuck-all to do. Still haven't mastered the arts of shooting the breeze. 
Depends on what the thing is. If it's something I enjoy, no problem at all relaxing, sleeping, w.e. Something I hate/have to do/something I want to do but gives me anxiety, I'll have trouble doing anything prior, if it's the dentist....i won't even be able to poop in one go....
Yes!! I stay at home with my son so if we have agreed to go to the park, shops, whatever, with someone, I much prefer to do it in the morning else I'm anxious thinking about it all day. I want it over and done with as early in the day as possible so I can come home and hide!

ITT: a bunch of introverts!!
Yes so much. It drives me crazy. Anxiety bs or what? 
This goes along with not being able to sleep because you have something to do the next morning. Anxiety is a bitch. 
I saw the title and came to say how I had to pick up my wife at the airport at midnight a few Sundays ago, and couldn't relax all day because of it. So yeah, exact same experience here. Even though I just lounged at home watching football, I had way too much nervous energy to really relax. 
Yep. And it sucks when my shift for work is 6pm to closing at 1030 or 11pm. I’m like...well I’d love to do something but work...
Yes followed by my discomfort bordering on intolerable if there’s any potential traffic involved. 

I despise the unknown. Rather it be done so my anxiety can take a breather. 
It all centers around anxiety.  Set an alarm that allows you plenty of time to do anything you need to do before you leave, such as shower.  Then practice some breathing exercises which will help the anxiety.  Breathe in for 4 seconds, hold for 4 seconds, breathe out for 4 seconds, hold for 4.  Do this 4 our 5 times until you feel your mind and body calm. Not a total solution but it helps me.  Anxiety sucks!
Yes! I've worked from 7pm-6am for the past 12 years. I get home from work in the morning and have trouble sleeping due to the fact I have to wake up at 5pm to get ready to go to work again. Plus, anything my kids may have to do that I have to transport them to or from. It's awful. I also am diagnosed with depression and generalized anxiety disorder. The only thing that has and does help me is taking a prescribed xanax every morning.
I've never related to a post this much, if I have an important dinner there's no way I'm focusin on anything else the whole day, I envied my sister because she could pull off a bussy day and even do extra while she was at it. 
Yep, I completely suffer from this. I can’t commit to any long tasks during the day leading up to an event, for fear of missing it I guess? I don’t even know. It’s even worse if people are coming over or I’m having a party, because then I just feel like I’m waiting around until that event happens since I’m looking forward to it.
I feel some type of anxiety when this happens so I set an alarm for the time I have to get ready/leave out. This way I can tune out the upcoming activity/responsibility, chill and not check the time until the alarm goes off. I often have to go back to work in the evening etc. This helps me a lot 
This is actually what helps me to not procrastinate and put things off till later. Because I can't relax knowing I have get off my butt eventually. 
Oh.my.god. Yes! I can’t relax or feel comfortable if I have anything to do later in the day. I’ve always been like this and I hate it. I literally thought I was the only one because friends and family can’t stand that I’m like this and they have no problem with it like I do
Did I write this? I was just saying this the other day 🙄 it sucks 
If your issue is anxiety over being late I use the “arrive by” option on google maps. Whatever time it tells me to leave by, Leave 15 minutes earlier and you’ll never have any issues (hopefully)
I havr this same feeling!!! It gets stressful to be honest
Set a timer for 30 min increments. Do small, but productive tasks that aren’t projects but help everything keep moving forward. Wash dishes. Gather/sort laundry. Gather all trash and deposit it in the big refuse container. Sweep or vacuum. If it helps more, use the time to prepare things needed when you leave...clothes set out, keys, bills, etc first. Then do the little tasks. Helps me and I don’t feel overwhelmed on the one day off I have. 
Mental slavery
Sameeeee like night exams
i cant stand doing shit at the end of the day as well.  That's why i try to schedule appointments as early as possible, or get my shit done at 11 or 12 at the latest, or go the gym at 830 am.  
I truly understand what you’re going through! I get home late, have to make supper, food shop, do laundry, catch up on patient chart notes, and clean my house, LOL!

So, I’m not really sleeping in, I’m trying to keep from losing my marbles. I’m not good in the morning and don’t start my workday till 11 because my neck/head hurts all the time, I’m prone to migraines, I need to be up for a few hours and stretch my neck and have a decent breakfast… Meanwhile, everything is hitting the fan… Phone calls, emails, texts… It just never ends.

And I am the sole breadwinner of the family. That weighs heavily on me mentally.
During undergrad (almost 10ys ago) I worked as a promo girl for Camel tobacco - paid great but my shifts were always 9pm-2am. I felt stressed all day when I knew I had a shift coming up. 


I vastly prefer takin' care of business before engaging in leisure time.
yeah. I work mostly nights so the daytime before work always feel a bit stressed. I am constantly thinking about what I will have to deal with at work later and cannot do anything that would make me tired, inebriated, or late to work. So half the time I waste my free time. After work I enjoy my free time heavily!
Yes definitely
Yes. This mixed with constant procrastination = my life sucks.
Truth
DAE put "reddit" at the end of their search on Google when looking for an answer because they trust reddit more?

It's not that I trust Reddit more, it's that I want to see discussion on what I'm googling, not just an article by 1 dude
also because reddit search engine sucks
Not because I trust reddit more, but because the answers are more realistic and diverse. 
Almost always! The alternative is ending up on Wikipedia or random blogs that could be saying anything to get readers. I prefer getting a reddit thread with actual anonymous people’s testimonies, I always learn a lot 
More specifically, I add "site: reddit.com" so it only searches reddit.

Also, for anyone wanting to search for a a certain thing, put that phrase in quotation marks. 
All the time, I feel like reddit is Where real humans talk.. the other sites, perhaps bots
“How to put it in my girls butt Reddit”
Personally I put it infront, but yeah, absolutely.

reddit showering rat

reddit catloaf

reddit why does everybody hate Karen
Fuck yeah .. Reddit knows everything first .. im pretty sure even the television news media get their info on reddit since it almost always appear here first . Plus the community is awesome .
And -pinterest
Nice try reddit. Nice try.
Yes. But it's not about trust, reddit just has varying opinions to offer and you can usually get objective view by very small amount of analysis. 

Regarding topics that require professional knowledge, I use reddit as "navigation": Finding out where people get their data from, then checking various sources and their accuracy. 

Really useful site.
Can't believe I'm not the only one!
[deleted]
Thank god, I thought I was the only one
Yup. I know there will be varied and more answers.  Some concise answers and some that go into detail. 
No.  I append site:reddit.com
Absolutely. I find that more people are willing to share that they've found a solution to a problem on their own on Reddit vs something like Stack Overflow. 
I do this constantly. Whenever I can’t seem to find the answer I’m looking for, I add “reddit” to the end of my search. More often than not, I find the solution. 
Yes, it tends to always give me a better curated response
yes
I do it all the time
I do this every time 
Yes! I can't upvote this enough!
that's exactly what i do, for the same reason. or i just go on a question sub and post something there. 
Always lol
Every time bro
YES
I do it because reddit has more answers overall than the usual sites. I like to see a reason why a thing is a thing or that way 
This. I thought I was the only one. But like others i don’t always trust it more, but most of the times the answer is much more decisive and to the point. You can also get multiple opinions without reading the same thing over and over again.
Yes! Especially with recipes! Sites like allrecipes and whatever reviews seem.....fake to me. I found some really good recipes by doing that! 
It depends on the topic and what subreddit I want answers from.
Well it is the front page of the internet. 👍
Google sometimes spits out Reddit results.  That's how I discovered it to begin with.
all the time
I do it because Google's search is far superior to Reddit's.
Me! I do this all of the time!! 
every single
I do this for porn. Lol
Absolutely. I do this so often with designer software tutorials or troubleshooting.

I remember trying to download Gwent on my MacBook as it's windows only and I added Reddit after my search I found a post where some user had written out an insanely complex guide on how to do it. Would never have found that had i not  searched Reddit 
I want to thank you. I got an advance copy of a game that hasn't been released in the states yet and I've been needing some help. Google searches were getting me nowhere. Then I thought "*gasp!!* I bet Reddit users have a thread for this game and that there are people all over the world playing it and then they can answer questions and I can answer questions!!" So you just made my day, literally! Thank you!!
I just recently started doing just that and I haven't been disappointed. I get a much better quicker answer
IM SO GLAD IM NOT THE ONLY ONE !!!! but I’m still new to reddit so I guess that’s why 
No, but I have had to circumvent network restrictions at work in order to research a problem because often the answer was tucked in the comments of some Reddit post. I honestly haven’t used it for leisure Reddit use. I prefer mobile > desktop. 
I’ve done it before
A lot of time Google added reddit to the end of the auto complete.
All the time for anything I know Reddit has the answer to
Add this to your search


Site:reddit.com 
Yep, pretty much every non programming question I have. 

Seeing the various opinions helps a lot. Especially with purchases. 
I’m usually hoping NOT to get a reddit result bc I want to share on fb something I FOUND on Reddit, but I don’t want the requisite reddit link. I want the original site linked. 
I do now, even when I would do a regular search I would frequently get "reddit" added to my search in  the drop-down menu and at the bottom of the page in "related searches". 
That is actually how I ended up here, "If I can't beat them join them" or some variation of that. 
Not necessarily. But in some cases I do trust reddit more.
I'll throw 'forum' on the end after seeing what reddit has to say
Use Duck Duck Go
80% of the time
I put Reddit before my search terms
everytime
Yes
Type this into google and it will only list results from reddit:

site:reddit.com how to get a blue and yellow striped fishing umbrella out of my arse
I don't have to. Any time I search for something, Reddit is one of the first results in Google.
site:reddit.com
Yes and I often type eli5 to narrow it even further.  If I just want a quick answer to something, I don't want to dig through a bunch of filler nonsense in an article.  Reddit threads usually immediately tell me precisely what I want to know.  Reddit gets to the point.  Writers of articles usually just ramble on trying to meet that word count.
DAE get bored of seeing the same DAE all the time 
I don't know if I trust it more or just know that it will give real,  personal accounts that are potentially relatable. 
[deleted]
What's wrong with using Reddit's search bar?  Type a few words and sort by relevant/new and see what pops up.
DAE see this exact same posting being posted at least once a month?
No. 
You should have searched your question on Reddit. It's pretty much a weekly repost.
i do this just because i usually get a more straight forward short answer rather than having to search a whole ass article for it
Indeed, although sometimes reddit purges results when your search has some keywords (for example incels irrc) so you have to manually set site:reddit.com ( i actually have a bind for that one)
100% of the time!!
For tech support like for emulators and such, absolutely yes
OMG YES!!!!
started doing it on a regular basis this year )
Nope. 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha... No
DAE get so anxious about the stuff you need to get done in your day that you end up just wallowing in a cesspit of procrastination as your anxiety continues to grow while you sit there doing nothing, rather than just getting up and doing it?

I struggle with this daily. Each night I resolve to do better. Alas, the abyss consumes again.
This is so me!! I’ve learned to put small boundaries in place to help motivate me. Even though I work three jobs and earn less than $25,000 a year, I always make sure to keep $60 every month for a cleaning lady. I make the money an absolute priority. This is enough to keep me sane. I’ll invite a (close, understanding) friend over to sit in my kitchen and drink tea and chat, while I clean my kitchen. I’ll trade homemade cakes and treats with my neice every 10 months or so, and she comes over and helps me organize stuff. I do the same with my small garden. If you are willing to let people in to your circle, and try to put aside the shame of not being motivated, you can find some creative ways to cope. The shame is toxic, and holds us back. And we aren’t shameful xx
Ugh, yes. Or not doing THAT thing because there's something ELSE that has more of a priority, or there is something I started but didn't finish. But thinking about doing that thing that has greater priority gives me anxiety so then I just end up doing nothing instead.
Might have ADHD friend.
Haha yep! Some days I’m an OCD cleaner, some days I sit and watch tv in near tears over all the dishes, laundry, and organizing to do. 
Sometimes just picking out one thing to do helps start the day. You’ll feel better once one thing is off the list.
I'll reply in a bit, I'm just so stressed about all the stuff I gotta do today! 😓
Yup! I have been this way my whole life and I’ve been making an effort to change it, slowly.

I try to be kind to myself, the reason why I’m putting it off is because I want the result to be perfect. But how can “I” make something perfect? As soon as I start harping on how great I want something to turn out, I psych myself out of even trying. 

Now I wake up and give myself 2 priorities. They don’t have to be big, just something I want/need to do. I owe it to myself to show up for myself, to TRY.

Set 2 priorities (example; mine yesterday were (1) to make a beat loop and (2) clean the dishes).
I made a beat loop and it was terrible, BUT I tried. I sat down and go it DONE whether it was good or not. Next time I will be more prepared, next time it won’t be perfect either, but damn at least I tried for myself.

Look up the Pomodoro technique for organizing your time as you work. Very helpful
Yup. And it’s usually something that takes like 15 min. I will sit there for eight hours thinking about it. Not wanting to do it. I procrastinate because I always end up getting things done. But the little hint of anxiety that’s there until it’s done is haunting.
Hey bud! You sound a lot like me. Have you ever looked into adult ADHD? I still struggle with procrastination and anxiety, but I found that my diagnosis and treatment really helped.

If these symptoms sound like you, you might want to ask your doctor about being tested for ADHD. Even the peace of mind from a diagnosis can be an improvement on your quality of life. https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-symptoms-checklist/amp/

Best of luck
Every. Single. Day.
Literally doing this right now. Pray for me
Yep! There’s a great 15 minute Ted Talk that I watch whenever I’m waaaay in the cesspit! I’ve linked it in case it interests anyone. 

[Ted Talk Procrastination](https://www.ted.com/talks/tim_urban_inside_the_mind_of_a_master_procrastinator)
Been struggling with that for weeks now. Working myself up with anxiety of working, end up not doing it for a couple days, then nearly break down trying to get the nerve to check my inbox. Depression and anxiety are fucking hard.
That's why I'm here instead of cleaning the house!
I’m fucking doing that right now.
I'm doing this right now and it's an actual problem. I know I should be doing stuff but I can't get myself up to do the things
That's what ADHD is for me.
Yes. But it is very important that I comment here and mindlessly scroll through Reddit for another hour before I can tackle my to do list
This is 100% me. People always talk about the fight or flight response but they always forget or don’t know it’s actually fight, flight or freeze, and I’m a million times a freezer. When I get too overwhelmed by my anxiety I completely freeze up and shut down mentally. I have to try and break whatever task up into smaller parts, then break those parts into smaller parts ad infinitum until I get to a process I can complete, and start taking on each of those microscopic parts until I can complete a task. Or part of a task lol.
This has been me for weeks ugh
I used to do this so bad. It was usually due to my mental state. If I was in an abusive relationship/if my overall environment was not great. I found taking little steps and positive mantras really helped me.
Saying things like, "if I do this then it's better than nothing." And I could slowly manage to tell myself that I was being productive because I did 1 single thing that day, but eventually the positivity for this grew and I did 2 things on another day, then it keps growing. I would have break days within this and I realized I was still doing better than when I was doing nothing at all. It slowly made me happier with myself to start. Long story short. Yes. I very much understand this feeling but I give into it way less than I used to. I find the anxiety is the drive to move, so we just need to listen. Even if that's just 10 jumping jacks, a good meal and some water to start. <3
Yes... sometimes. Lately though, I'm able to get out of the cesspool more often than not.

Here's what works for me, sort of a mental checklist when I can manage to be aware that the waters of the cesspool are rising all around me.

1. Put the phone away. Seriously, just put it tf away. I find that the less I'm on my phone (besides music, and I try to use an external bluetooth speaker when indoors folding laundry or cleaning up/organizing, etc.), the better I feel in general. Books, doing nothing, walking in nature or people watching - all of these things are WAY better for our mental health because they inherently calm the monkey mind that Buddhists often refer to.
2. Lay down in a quiet place, maybe (if you have the willpower to not open a browser or reddit) put some white noise or soft music on your phone. Bring with you a fiction book, a notepad, and a pen or pencil.
3. Either stare at the ceiling or read a book, something NOT related to motivation or self-help.
4. Just wait. Eventually you'll either fall asleep, stop reading and feel better, or your mind will begin to arrange itself in such a way that you'll WANT to get up and do something.
5. Don't just yet. If you feel your mind arranging things in such a way that they feel doable, let it keep going.
6. Whatever it is you need to do - organize the house, start writing that novel, following up on sales leads, WHATEVER - write down the tiniest step that you can think of. It could be as tiny as actually getting up and walking over to the computer or to that pile of dirty clothes. Then write down the next step - put clothes in hamper/open gmail/Take that box down into the basement, etc.
7. Keep writing down the tiniest, most incremental of steps. The kind of stuff that, if you just did it, would be done in under a minute. Keep going until you've got six or seven manageable steps, maybe even ten if you're feeling really motivated now.
8. Put checkboxes next to each step - THIS IS IMPORTANT. Checking them off will give you a shot of feel goodness in the brain and body.
9. Get up and promise yourself you'll do just the first one. Not two or four or seven. Just one.
10. Try very hard NOT to do more than one. It is 100% okay if you fail at this step.

Point being that sometimes we're just constantly picturing the whole elephant, not realizing that most stuff gets done in a series of tiny, mundane steps that in and of themselves can feel like accomplishments. The key is to *identify* these small steps and *make* them feel like accomplishments. The big ones will ONLY get done when you've identified and completed enough of the smaller tasks. Paperclip your little lists together, stick them in a drawer and let them pile up. In a week or two, look back at all you have done. I GUARANTEE you'll feel like a million bucks if you stick to this practice. 

Another mental trick I use is the ten minute rule. You can do anything for ten minutes or less. It's often hard to stop yourself, though, once you get going. Promise yourself ten minutes though, get a stopwatch or an egg timer, set it and go. Even if you stare at the wall for ten minutes, you at least showed up to work. Now try again and I'll get you wind up doing something.

Just remember - PUT AWAY THE F\*\*\*\*\*\* PHONE. They are DEADLY when it comes to procrastination.
Too. Many. Days. ☹️
This was me yesterday. Now I get to rush through it today since I needs to get done!
Yes, and the worst part is when it's something I enjoy doing such as writing.  It become an insurmountable task and then I hate myself for not doing what I like because of that fear.
...and then finally you’re laying awake at night because you’re so anxious and end up doing tons of tasks in the dead of night.
I had to check the OP name to make sure I didn't somehow post this and forget
Story of my life.
Sounds like a normal day for me LMAO
IsAnybodyElse talking about me?
Sometimes it helps me to set a timer for like 10 minutes and clean a certain area as much as I can in that time. Small areas like my desk, my dresser, or my closet. Timer goes off and I switch to a different area.I know that if I don’t set timers I’ll spend hours halfway cleaning my room and taking lots of breaks. Struggling everyday with anxiety leads to struggling with depression. Depression sucks. Finding little anxiety hacks can make a big difference in your day. Good luck!
Yup. I always find if I set my intentions for the day (put on meditation music in the morning) and say “Today I am motivated to finish xyz. These tasks do not consume me. These tasks are simple” blah blah blah it helps calm me down so I can focus on one thing at a time. Give it a try!
This is happening to me right now as I type this.
I do this all the  time, especially when my mental health isn't good for various reasons. What helps a lot for me is to remind myself that **action precedes willpower**. I force myself to start and try to stop thinking about everything that needs to be done. It usually works.
i used to be like this

then i realized that the anxiety was actually worse than just doing the thing. and the reward for doing the thing was tenfold better than not doing the thing.
sounds a lot like me, 33m with adhd. Have you ever tried the pomodoro technique? It really helps when you're faced with a stack of shit to do that seems insurmountable.
when i was in college, i would just go to sleep. Panic wake up and did what needed to be done, only to find myself still in my room with class about to start in 5 while i lived 5 min away from campus and my class was a 2 min walk from the closest stop. But, hey, it'll all be over Friday. When I officially graduate!
Been doing it for years
You might have adhd pal
Pretty much every day.
EVERYDAY!
This happens to me all the time. I try to make lists sometimes and that can either help or hurt me in motivation. If a list looks too long, it starts to feel daunting or impossible. I’ve noticed though that my anxiety only gets worse the longer I sit with it.

I try to think about which discomfort that I would rather deal with. Usually I’d rather deal with the discomfort of starting to clean or do things for work than feel anxious any longer and that becomes motivation in it’s own.

On the other end of things I also feel that I start doing different tasks to avoid both. If that happens I try to make that different task a reward for doing the mandatory task. I start by doing a little bit at a time and take breaks with the other thing I thought about doing.

Usually once the ball is rolling on something though, it’s easier to keep doing it for the rest of the day and keep the motivation going (with the help of some coffee). 

Ive dealt with Generalized Anxiety, Depression, PTSD, Panic Disorder, and Social Anxiety. So this has really been the best option for when I feel so bad.
Actively doing this right now
Paralysis by analysis
Currently doing this lol. 

Moved in with my boyfriend into our first house recently. Holy shit being a 'homeowner' (I rent, he bought) is a lot of work. I'm not even working right now and all I can seem to do today is stare into space/at my phone. And the ADHD doesn't help *sigh.
I learned a thing years ago. Its called the 3 minute rule. You start one task and do it for at least 3 minutes. If you're not feeling it, you're done after 3 minutes. The idea is that once you start you have motivated yourself to do more than the 3 minutes. It has about a 8 out of 10 success rate for me. Either way I know I tried, and that makes me feel a bit better. Anxiety guilt and depression are soooo hard to get past. Good luck!
This sub helped me a lot.  [GetMotivated](https://www.reddit.com/r/GetMotivated/)

Hopefully it will help some folks here as well.
I didn't give you permission to write my life story.

For real though this happens so often. For me, there's only 3 outcomes:

* Recognize what could get me to this point and try to avoid it (getting things done before it gets this bad)
* Recognize that I'm in this state and there's nothing I can do about it. I'm too anxious to get anything done, so I take a step back and do something I want to do instead. Either way I wasn't going to get that task done, and by choosing to do something else it (in theory) reduces my guilt about the whole situation. At least I'm doing something instead of doing nothing. 
* Recognize that I'm in this state, the task has to be done, and sitting in this feeling is not going to make it any better. Kinda like "I'm going to feel like shit either way, so I'll feel like shit and get the thing done." The only way to get past this feeling is to do the task. It's scary, but I take small steps to at least get started. This usually happens 5-6 hours into the procrastination/anxiety cycle.  

I still struggle with this a lot. I wish there was a name for this or something.
Yes. Military paperwork especially causes me a great deal of anxiety.
This happens to me often so one time I googled it and found out it has a name: workload paralysis!
This is a adhd symptom , I also feel like this
Who are you and why are you in my brain?
Me, on reddit, right now.
Every. Single. Day.
I feel you! I have been dealing with this feeling for a long time too, it really sucks but you can overcome it. Some things that work for me and helped me ease my anxiety issues are:
- Start my day by doing my bed. This might sound silly but it feels SO good to start your day with one thing done already
- I have a to-do list where I write down things I want to get done in my day. I try to be honest with this in order to avoid including unrealistic things or things that are out of my control. This is a trial and error approach that you can improve and adjust over time.  
- Keep it small, break it down into small things if possible 

It’s not bullet proof, it’s a daily exercise but it helps me to keep things organize. I hope it helps!

Edit: im not a native english speaker so sorry in advance for any mistakes :)
Clean something. Best way to break the cycle. Always helps me. Even something small like the dishes. Do one thing and you'll feel motivated to do others. Hope you're feeling OK.
Definitely!!! I have to much to do and then I freak out trying to figure out what would b the best way to tackle it all!!! Then I’m lucky if I get a few things done for the day! Never enough time in a day to do ALL the things I need/want to get done!!! Then I have more to do the following day but the anxiety just continues 😩
Its called analysis paralysis.
Yeah, most of the time I give up but sometimes I say "ill work on that for 5 min" and that often gets good results
currently in the process of doing that
Yes and at times can be very crippling. I started to just immediately drop everything whenever I think of something that needed to be done that’s important.
Yep. When that happens I try to just focus on one thing, finish it, then move onto the next.
Yep! On bad days, I make a to do list.

But thats all. Making the to do list gives me some peace, an illusion of control, which allows me to nap the day away with less anxiety in my stomach.
Hell yes!  I also find myself waiting for that moment or even whole day where my depression lifts/my energy increases and then I try to get ALL the things done before the next fall down the rabbit hole occurs.
Yes, it happens all the time. The only solution I have found so far is to finish the work as soon as it is assigned to me. If I delay it, its a lost cause.
I am with you. Anxious as hell as someone has to take the kids to school. And that is me. Trying not to think of the stuff to do after.
me but with my life :)
Only when you mention it
All the time
Why would you call me out like this?
Yes very much so, especially right now. This is a common trait for people with anxiety.
Thats me today
I'm doing this right now and I hate myself for it :(
Final exam is in less than a month and I have yet to finish my presentation, I spend my days playing the Sims *cause they don't have exams in that game*
Yes, especially since everything I do is going to cause pain.
that's me in every school project. if the deadline's in two weeks, I'll stress myself out for 13 days then actually do something about it on the last day
r/oddlyspecific but yes, yes I do.
Big mood.
I’ve been doing it for the past weeks. It sucks
Omg yes😂
Hey, are you talking about me? Sound like me, in this rigth moment, lol.
Yes. It means I always leave essay until last minute and my anxiety then gets even worse. If anyone has a trick for how to stop this cycle, I’m all ears.
Here's something I learned. Make a list of the things you have to do. This helps a lot. Try to do 3 things on the list and cross them off. Do it every day. If you need to, make "write a list" number one and cross it off. You will feel major accomplished!
That and the rising feeling that I’m simply not good enough so why even bother trying to do anything. Sorry you’re going through it too..
That's me
I am currently on Reddit avoiding finishing up a really easy assignment, but nOOooOOOooo, I need to be a piece of trash about it.
sadly I have this, when I’m stressed out, living unhealthy (not eating good, not drinking as much as I should, hanging too much on my phone, no physical movements at all) makes me tense even when I try to chill once, I mean you want to chill, you need to be healthy, you want to learn or do something get a clear mind and a healthy routine, it’s okay to have lazy days where your dopamine drops, but it shouldn’t be your daily lifestyle if you really want to achieve shit. when I was younger I always thought I just needed to get up and learn or do something, but nah you really need to be on tracks or your mental health will suck more because of your physical health.
Doing it right now. We have a national holiday today and I had SO many plans and wanted to be SO productive. Now it's 6pm and I haven't done sh\*t yet. Just constantly thinking "if I want to get this and that done, I should really get moving now".   
And I feel so bad about it -.-
Only every day lol
Are you my daughter?
adding to the “this is me everyday” comments and YUP i have adhd
Absolutely. Organization does not come easily to me at all. It doesn’t even come hard. I just never even know where to begin and even when I start I get sidetracked and more piles form. I end up creating more projects that I then get stuck on and the cycle continues.
this happened to me. i was on a roll waking up early every day and i realized i have so much work and chores to do i just keep sleeping in lol :(
I technically don’t have to do anything right now but i have this creeping feeling I’m forgetting something and I’ve been anxious all day bc of that
i find it best to figure out "what needs to be done first?"...then do just that. usually that is enough to get me started and i will continue with the rest.
Can relate badly to this one.
Ya , one this that kind of helps is knowing that procrastination just makes it worse and keep it alive and well, action is the only way to stop it . Also if you can just get started, tell yourself only for a couple minutes , a lot of the time you actually get into it and keep going , but you just have to start somehow
What do know, I’m doing that now! Reason I’m on this front page 😂🤣
Did I write this? I feel this way about vm’s too. Like oh shit, if they called AND left a message it must be something bad or that I failed to do and I can’t face hearing it
Me. I do that. All the time.
I've found little sticky notes on my desk with 1 or 2 small tasks a day help me. I get great satisfaction from crossing off tasks. Take care of yourself buddy!
You know me so well!
Sometimes. But then there's coffee.   
Too little and I do like the title of this post.   
Too much and I end up achieving nothing because my mind is running circles around me and I do 10% of everything all at the same time, another kind of anxiety.     
But hit that sweet spot and I'll knock all that whole to-do list out of the ballpark before lunchtime.  
It can be done for a few days in a row, but if I keep it up for a few weeks I'll end up completely burnt out but have an immaculate home.
I was literally just thinking about this today. It is so me. I'm studying at the moment and have always struggled submitting assignments in good time. I never learn😭 I get overwhelmed about all the things I need to do then can't find a good place to start, then think I'll start tomorrow cuz I have plenty of time then BOOM. It's the night before I need to hand it in and somehow I've found the drive to type 3000 words I could have spread out nicely over 3 weeks.
Yeh its got worse in lockdown. I spent 4 hours today wondering what to do. Then just played ps4 and felt much better
YES all the time. it got especially bad having to transition to online school.
Every fucking time
ummmmm..... yes actually this is my life
Gotta eat that frog first thing in the morning.

But yeah, I totally do the same thing, literally for months at a time. I cook on the stove a lot and have a crappy microwave-based vent fan that just spits the grease onto the cabinet above the microwave. It's been that way for like a year. I keep putting off cleaning it, and it stresses me out every time I notice it.
This feels like a personal attack. How dare you be correct!
Its horrible. I do it constantly. Im doing it right now!
Yes. And on those type of days, I tend to gravitate towards microwaved foods. So I make myself do something productive (dishes, send an email, text my mom back, etc) while I wait for the microwave timer to go off. It’s like a game to see how much I can get done in the 3-5 minutes! I usually surprise myself with how much I can get done. 

Sometimes getting one thing done helps me muster the motivation to do other things. Sometimes not, but at least I did something to chip away at the never ending to-do list.
I've done this my entire life. Realised recently that I actually have ADHD. Started working on that with medication etc. And it's such a huge difference!

Used to feel trapped in procrastination, like I knew I needed to do x or y but Ita like I genuinely couldn't get up to do it. Was like a mental/physical block stopping me.
I give myself a reward for every minor job on my list that I do and a bigger one if I complete the entire list within the time frame.

I eat too much chocolate so I buy a bar and give a square to myself per small job and then at the end I give myself permission to put a small amount of money toward a fund for the next thing in my life I want as well as doing something on my list of indulgences.

It doesn’t always work but mostly it’s led to improvement, otherwise I get so anxious I freeze.
Me Everyday!
Always
Huh? Did I make this post while sleepwalking? /s

Yeah, absolutely. This is so me. I hate my lazy ass.
executive dysfunction disorder, my old friend...
Pretty sure this is a symptom of depression. At least the horrifying procrastination and the unmotivation. At least that's what I think for my own case. I spend more time sitting around worrying about what to do, rather than just doing it. It's a daily problem that I have yet to find a feasible solution to.
Used to. Not anymore. I break it down to manageable chunks. No more all-or-nothing approach for me. What a relief.
EVERYDAY...  how do we get out of the cycle?!
Story of my life...
This was totally me in college!
Litteraly every day!
All. The. Time. 
No, I mean literally all the time. Every day. It sucks.
Nope. I just ignore the stuff i "have to do" and generally realise its not such a big deal in the end if I dont do it.. If it is important someone will chase me up for it... then Ill do it.
Not even kidding if you feel this way and feel you just have low energy levels you should really ask your doctor to test your thyroid function. I’ve always been someone that needed to motivate myself a little bit to get going but when finding that motivation became nearly impossible it turned out I have a hyperactive thyroid (Hashimotos). I have no idea how many things the thyroid controlled. After taking medicine for over a year I’m almost back to my normal semi lazy self.

Obviously this advice isn’t going to be beneficial for most but I’m happy if it even helps a handful of you.
Yes. Military paperwork especially causes me a great deal of anxiety.
Okay wow tysm everyone! I made this post when I was in peak procrastination mode but actually feel a lot better after reading all of your wonderful tips. I hope all of you can get your tasks done, and you’ll be pleased to know I’ve already ticked one off my own list :)
That's me. Every single non-work day. I love the structure of work. Without it I'm a bit lost!
Yes yes yes yes just finished a round of it
It happens. I take pride in an abundance if procrastination as I have been able to avoid some catastrophic fails by waiting a little bit longer than most people but when I go overboard or anxiety factors in all bets are off. I have had anxiety hit me in the grocery store and walk out leaving a cart full of items I NEEDED.
every.god.damn.day
Get out of my head
Dude, this bish about to tell us her life story and sin number
You’re def not alone
HA! Me for the past 2 months
Yes, my entire freaking life, it'll be stupidest thing too. Like calling to schedule a doctor's appointment.
Mmmm most days I have lots to do, yes
This is so relatable. I will lie awake all night stressing about all the things I have to do the next day and then self sabotage with paralysis by analysis.
This is literally me rn.
This happens to me a lot - actually write now I haven’t been able to move my legs even 😅 Sometimes I just am procrastinating, but at times like this it’s because of my executive dysfunction (basically my body and brain get mad at each other over something petty and refuse to cooperate). I’ve found that it helps me to write down what I am anxious about and WHY (writing down what I’m anxious about alone doesn’t help, but writing down the ‘why’ does, for some reason). I don’t have any decent advice other than that and to hang in there! You are not alone and you are doing great considering you have to fight this!
Tell yourself to only accomplish one thing. Sometimes getting up to take that shower/make that coffee/go pee is the only thing you plan to do, and a couple hours later everything else ends up being done. And if not, at least it’s one less thing you’ll have to be anxious about tomorrow. 
Best wishes!
It's amazing to think that almost everyone else has the same problem as you, yet you in your head think that no one else could possibly be this petty and sad.
Every. Single. Day.
Nope. I used to when I was a teenager and in my early 20’s but a series of tough bosses soon smacked that lazy-assed shit out of me. Can’t be successful if you wallow in idleness. It’s literally a simple choice: do or don’t. It’s entirely up to you.
Reddit: That's... Why I'm here.
Me legit rn
All the time!
Every single day.
I knew i was being watched! Lol
i'm doing it right now
I'm doing that right now.
i do
Yes for sure but using zynn makes it better you watch videos on your phone for money. Use my code K6MV5ME
thats literally me LMAO
DAE only uses reddit on a smartphone?
I only use reddit on my phone.
y e s. can’t stand reddit on a computer
Yep, I dont like having to reopen tabs or constantly hit back, but on my phone it's much easier
I've only been using it on my computer for like 6 years now, never thought I'd be a minority
READ THE SIDEBAR

IT'S ON THE SIDEBAR

LOOK AT THE SIDEBAR

Yo playa, What Sidebar?

*Mobile For Life*
I have nothing against the website, I just don’t browse reddit at home. Usually in between classes.
I am part of the dying breed that only uses reddit on a PC.

I am actually surprised at how quickly it changed in the space of a few years, I still remember when nearly everybody was using it on a computer and hardly anybody on a phone.
Yup, but finding it a battery hog at the moment..
The computer site is simply un-usable. It’s overwhelming 
Great app, awful website.
Yes, I don't use it anywhere but on my phone.
Reddit is fun 
Yep
Everyday 
I've never viewed reddit on anything but 
I don't know how all of you do that. The site on mobile is terrible.

I don't think I could even browse reddit without having tabs. Typing on a phone is worse, finding links for your comments is worse, many website other than like imgur and gfycat load worse on mobile. In general the mobile experience, for me, is just shit compared to a desktop interface (but that is also basically how I feel about every website ever, I hate apps compared to actual websites)
DAE get sick and tired of this question?
Yeeeesssss....  

I like the reddit is fun app MORE than the desktop, even with RES.
Wait, you means it’s not just an app like pornhub?
About 99% of the time I use Reddit is Fun for Android. I never get to enjoy when I'm gilded because the apps features makes gold a bit redundant.
This is literally posted every 3 days 
Definitely not - I much prefer reading it on a computer, though I have enjoyed using Boost for my phone Reddit app. It's the best I've used (previously enjoyed Reddit Is Fun).
That would be me. I don't understand how one uses anything else to browse through Reddit. I don't know, I'm just comfortable doing it via my phone. Damn I sound like a brat.
Yep!
I mainly use Reddit on mobile, occasionally I'll use it on PC tho
I actually have never had a problem with the website. I think I found the site before I found the app. Reddit RES makes the site a lot more pleasant, you can just press j or k to move up and down through posts and comments, x to open and close images I think it's c for comments. I dunno, and the site just seems really straight forward for me, no useless designs or anything, it's like 4chan where the design is not necessary
I barely ever use it on my laptop 
I thought that’s all everyone did 
Me, and then I got pissed when people refer me to the sidebar to read rules saying "IT'S RIGHT THERE!"

There no fucking side bars on phones idiots!
The reddit app on Phone + night mode = perfect experience in my opinion 
I legit have only logged into reddit on my desktop once and almost lost my mind based on how ridiculous the format was. Everyone always posts  “this is from app so forgive the format” and I legit see nothing punishable 
I have a suspicion that the people who don't enjoy reddit on pc are the same ones that don't know about RES and hoverzoom extensions. I would also prefer the app if I couldn't hover over images/videos or open them with RES. But I would miss having tabs.
"Reddit is fun" is the master race.
DAE breath?
I kind of like the retro aesthetic of the website, but it is kind of annoying to use.
Are there actually any news about the website redesign?
just look at my post on r/unpopularopinion 
There’s a website?
I'm also mostly on reddit... at work
Yes
Yes! But I prefer the new design in desktop. 
At home mostly on phone, at work i use the website. 
I like Reddit on my computer on the rare occasion that I actually use it, but the thing is my laptop is a piece of crap and so I only use it for schoolwork and do pretty much everything else in my life from my phone, including reddit
I don't like that fact that if I make comments on my phone they sometimes don't show up on my browser. If I make a comment in browser, it always seems to show up everywhere. Reddit fix this please!

Edit: Words
I finally found my long lost family! :,)
Yes! I’m dyslexic and there is too much going on on desktop. 
I prefer computer, but mine was stolen along with most of my other belongings a year and a half ago when I was kidnapped, so now I just use my phone.
yes. the website looks like crap.
Until very recently I did. I was very keen to find a way to block people and there is no option whatsoever for me on mobile. I know you’re supposed to be able to do it from the inbox but I don’t have the option. I’ve sent people screenshots to prove it and nobody knows what the problem is. Anyway, I finally figured it out. I had to load the old design on a PC and report. I don’t have a block option anywhere else. Not the desktop site, not the mobile site, and not the old desktop site. The block prompt after reporting is the only way. And even then it doesn’t work on my phone or my iPad.

I can’t figure out why the block feature doesn’t load no matter what but it doesn’t. I read these comments back to myself and it sounds like I’m a crazy person. It really sounds like I’m either nuts or I just don’t know how to click or tap a link but I swear this is true. Like I said, I’ve shown people screenshots.

So I have to use the laptop sometimes. It sucks.
I don’t even own a computer, so yes. 
Yeah, I do.
I do as well.
The way I learned to stand desktop Reddit was using a chrome extension called Hover Zoom that enlarges images when you hover over them. This is so I can see a pic without opening the post. It worked well for a while but then Reddit image hosting became standard on mobile and desktop and for whatever reason hover zoom wont work on images posted using that. I haven't found a plugin that does. Its really annoying
I use the online as well, but each platform has pros and cons.
Me too. I use the Reddit is fun app. Works great!
Yea! Sooo much easier. I only use my laptop on the rare occasion it doesn't work on my phone and even then I wait it out
I usually browse on my phone, but use my computer if I need to type anything longer than a few lines or submit posts.
Yeah, now. That redesign is God awful. So much wasted space.
no way, I refuse to have on my smartphone because Id never look away from it If It was there. 
the lack of a back button really fucks computer site over I feel 
👋🏻
Have used Reddit on a desktop maybe twice in 6 years only on my phone ever.  
I only go on the computer if I have a long post/comment I want to write out 
Almost exclusively.
Me.

Only ever used it on phone app and get confused looking at it on a browser. 
Yep. Went on reddit using a computer for the first time last week and got weirded out how far back in time i went. 
I prefer the mobile app. 
99.9% of the time. I've used it on the PC like 3 times maybe
No, I rarely if ever visit reddit on my mobile. I much prefer the desktop.
Yes.
I would if I didn't have a job
Yes. Mostly though because I don’t own a computer
yeah i used to, but then i found dark mode on pc... now im hooked on both pc and mobile....i used to use my pc to play games...
Does reddit even work on other platforms? I have no idea.

With that said if I am researching something I use Google and limit searches to only reddit. If I am randomly browsing I only use mobile.
Pretty much and the new theme doesn’t render properly so I am scared of it...  
No.  I don't have a smartphone.

The last time I stated (neutrally and benignly) that I didn't have a smartphone, I got downvoted.  I don't expect this time to be any different.
The new desktop version is better in my opinion
Why would I sit at a computer just to browse reddit? Thats weird to me.
YEP! Reddit is sort of my night thing so being in bed on my phone makes it easier
Yes, the app is way better in terms of interface and structure, easier to read and consume media.
Tbh the desktop version sucks compared to mobile
Me
Set up account on PC, browsed for about 5 mins. Man I don't want to sit here. Open app store, Reddit apps, Reddit is fun rest is history.
Reddit is fun
RIF Master race.
I mostly just enjoy how easy and quick collapsing threads are on a smartphone. I hate all the scrolling on desktop. 
As of 2016, over 49% of reddit users are mobile, so no.
I use my phone as a phone, a camera, and to look at Reddit. I don't even own a computer.
I've never reddited from a PC. Actually aside from work I rarely use a PC for anything. Phone for interneting, Chromecast for YouTubing or Netflixing, Xbox for gaming. Maybe once a year I'll need to print something from home and I'll dust off my laptop.
I would – if it was be possible to use the Reddit app in horizontal mode on my Android tablet. Using the app on a 10" screen vertically simple does not work for me. That's why I usually use Reddit on my computer.
I tried to get on it on the computer for the first time recently to show someone something and couldn't figure out what was going on or where anything was. The website it horrific.
Damn skippy.  I've literally never been on Reddit via browser.  I use the "Reddit Is Fun" app.  Black layout.
I don't have a computer or have wireless internet in my rural house, so I rely on my unlimited data plan smartphone for all my internet browsing. 
Mostly due to the fact that I can’t remember my password 
There is a baconreddit on my PC?
Baconreader on my Android. I've never seen it on any other way.
"Reddit is fun" baby
Since the redesign, yeah. 

If I ever have to stop using Reddit is fun, I'll stop using Reddit for sure. 
Yep, I only use Reddit on the computer sometimes when making posts. Other than that it’s 99% mobile
Well, until a couple of days because the new site is actually banging!
Didn’t know it was accessible on the computer
Pretty much. Except for the odd time I happen to be on the computer and bored. I prefer it on my phone.
I thought that was the only to use reddit.  Unless you got a desk job
Yes. I only use the mobile app.
Never been to the reddit desktop version. 
The only time I go on desktop is when I’m looking for new subs. Mobile doesn’t show you nearly enough. 
Me! Alien Blue!... rip I just got an iPhone X today... getting used to Apollo now 
YEEEEES. The desktop version of Reddit is atrocious to look at compared to the mobile version (I'm sure some people will disagree). 

Although the desktop version is faaaaar less buggy than the app. That's for sure. Lol
Relay Pro ftw
Yeah I do I hate the computer one. Mobile for life
Am I the only one who loves the new PC redesign? It makes it more like on my phone haha
Reddit on a computer is not very nice looking or user friendly. It would never occur to me to use it on anything but my iPhone. 
Yes! I've logged on to Reddit on my computer three or four times max.
Yes it’s so accessible 
I prefer desktop. 
Late reply, but yup! I very very rarely use Reddit on desktop
Yup, only use computer when I happen to be on one or I need to find a specific post.
I like computer reddit but phone is so much more convenient.
Yes. I do 📱
Yeah. On desktop i get overwhelmed. Way too much to see at once
I imagine 90% 9f people on the Internet don have a computer. We live in the mobile generation. I miss the daysc when you v had  tob own a pc to be a part of the Internet. (He says as he types on his phone)
Yes, especially with /r/apolloapp, /r/readder, or /r/getnarwhal. Yes, I have three reddit apps on my iPhone. Different purposes. 128GB phone that doesn't have a whole lot of games on it, so I got the space.

Those of you on the desktop should know about /r/Enhancement. I'm on the desktop now. iPhone is kinda shit for typing a lot. Android is much better at that. But the best is physical keys. Well, not desktop, laptop. Real keys beat chiclet keys, which beat Android trace typing, which beats the shit out of iOS trace typing (even though it's Gboard for both). Coffee. Couch. Laptop. Reddit with RES. It's pretty nice. Oh hey, 《here's》 a thing my phone can't do and I'm pretty sure your phone can't do. Japanese quotes. Though technically your computer can't do it either, unless you have the Japanese Windows... or you have a registry hack that enables it. And then it's ALT++300A (for opening, change to B for closing). That is, hold ALT, then on the numpad, hit +300, then A or B. I need them because they're used in the names of a card game I play, and sometimes talk about on Reddit. So while most people are fine with saying *Zekken Yuuki*, for example, I can use the proper card name, *《Zekken》 Yuuki*. It doesn't really matter that much, but I enjoy the accuracy. (The game is /r/WeissSchwarz, and the deck is /r/SwordArtOnline, though the sub is about the books, show, movie, and video games, and not the card game.)

Yeah, I'm a nerd... ;)
damn I'm the exact opposite as you. Cant stand it on a phone, I have to type with my toe thumbs on a shitty little cracked screen and its really distracting having to walk across a busy street while trying to type a witty comeback to the 11 year old from idaho who just roasted me in the comments
Me.
yeah, the computer version is garbage.
Reddit is on the computer?
Same i prefer the phone app I enjoy using the dark theme as its easier on the eyes 
Yup
#metoo
yup
Yep
I've never even seen the desktop version.
This is true for me and there is a simple explanation for this: I am constantly on the road, which is why I do everything on the phone. I communicate and sit in social networks. I play different games. A little advice for those who do not know what to do on the road, play eversoul. I recently started playing and really liked it, and sometimes I just start calling all my friends whose numbers I have in my phone.
DAE continue to type their full sentence even when their keyboard freezes so they can watch the sentence type itself up when it unfreezes?

Yes! I love doing that. It happens on my phone and on my work computer. I like seeing what the results are when it unfreezes because I want to see if I could type everything correctly without being able to see it in real time. 
I make it a little challenge to myself to continue typing as fast as I can and then find out if I made any spelling errors once it unfreezes.
Yes but half the time it’s REALLY FROZEN and only registers the last few characters. 🙄 drives me nuts 
I do this as a passive aggressive way of letting out my furstration
YES, it’s intensely satisfying.
You feel like Hillary duff when she's typing anything in on her computer in Lizzy Mcguire. 
Everyday I’m buffering ...
Yes
That never happens to me.
Oddly, inexplicably and immensely satisfying.
I have never experienced that my keyboard freezes. Is this a common thing?
Everyday at work. Our email SUCKS!!!!
Yup! Happens all the time at work. For some odd reason, whenever it "catches up" it never registers the spaces.
Guilty. I hate how sometimes the flow of thoughts gets interrupted. To avoid that, I still type and just wait for the words to appear. Could go either way, though. Sometimes it appears, but at times, you really have to exit and type all over again, and that's frustrating. 
Yes and it’s getting worst 
YES. my computer ain't the best so that happens sometimes. It's like freezing time, doing something and continuing time.
Yeah
Yes, but I hate it.  It makes my heart pound when they sloooooowly appear.
I do sometimes!!
.
I learned to do this when connected to a mainframe with a dial-up modem years ago, I would "stack" commands, keep typing and actually try to get as much done like this and, while my work was being done, I could go get a cup of coffee or something. I still do this, hardly even think about it but I find when I clear cache things speed up a bit.
No, because every time I've tried that, i make a typo and end up having to backspace and retype the whole thing. I have to be able to see as i type. 
Thank god someone said something!
omg i love that sooooo much!! and its interesting to see, if you got any mistakes...
Yep! I do that all the time!
That's one of my favorite things.
I even hit send 
When I open chrome 8t takes a  ouple of seconds for any image to appear. I can, however, interact with it as I normally would. So i place my mouse on the search bar and start typing before it even loads.

Seeing in eventually turn on and type everything at lightspeed is amazingly satisfying
[www.10fastfingers.com](https://www.10fastfingers.com) 
Yup that's why I keep my crappy Samsung duos with me
Yes! I am officially wizard when that happens
Why does your keyboard freeze?
Lol yeah 
The keyboard doesn't freeze, the device does. But yeah, it's satisfying
ohhhhh yes
Who doesn’t?
Yup, and it’s awesome. Like watching the computer read my mind and finish my sentence
Y'all got flip phones
Yup! It’s pretty neat to watch
Yes! I used to love that on my iPhone. Then I had to switch to a cheap Samsung. 

Now I try not to because it will literally break the keyboard. If it freezes and I get too far ahead, the keyboard will simply drop down and I have to reopen it and begin again. It's infuriating but at least I have sonething, right? 
are you sure you dont need a new keyboard
r/foundtheandroiduser
Yes super satisfying
DAE restart a good song if they are distracted and not appreciate the song enough?

Or I’ll rewind 30 seconds because I didn’t give my favorite part my all in the dramatic first grab
Allllll the time
I hate listening to a song for six minutes to get to the best part, and then my navigator cuts it off right at the best part making me have to restart it.
That feeling of trying to show someone a good song but they're used to hear that self-repeating 15 minute beat loops and they completely ignore the song.
More often than I want to admit.
Constantly. I'll also do it if a really emotional part of the song didn't hit me hard enough.
Aww man I just missed the hook... start over!
I literally just did this lol
All the time 😍
Yes I rewind it at least 10 times if the song is really good
I’ll replay the entire song just to listen to my favorite part of the song 🤣
All the time! Sometimes a few times 😆
Definitely
Especially if I miss a solo.
Yeppp, or I just repeat it over and over for 30 mins
I will zone out really bad and restart a song a couple of times tbh
I do this frequently. My best friend always changes the song when there's still about 10 seconds left. I need that last 10 seconds. They tell me the song was over anyway and something inside me dies.
Yes yes
All the time, yeah
One time I was at a house party and people kept interrupting me while I was having a solo dance party to a song that I was wanting to be completely immersed in. I had to restart it so many times that finally after the like, 7th restart, someone from a different room yelled, "NO! NO MORE!!" Lolll so yes. Definitely can relate.
My personal struggle with this is always with Megalodon by Mastodon. It has multiple little passages that I feel I miss.
I've been known to play the same song over and over again until I'm done with it.
Only always
I always try to start and finish a song all the way through. Otherwise, I feel like it’s disrespectful to the artwork. It was created to be enjoyed as it is.
My husband restarts one if he misses his favorite part
*Exhales quickly through nose*  “hey I do that”
Hell yeah. All the time
If I fuck up a word on accident? Restart. Wrong vibe, loud cars around when my windows are down? Restart.
Always. I will do that with a certain part of the song if I didn’t appreciate the verse enough.
Depending on the song, as a musician, i found that some songs has some little characteristics that i love, but they are so small that you have to hear very concentrated in orfer to listen. I normally restart a song when i couldn't hear one of those details.
All the time haha
1 hundo! I'll rewind a whole song to "enjoy it properly". Music is one of the most amazing forms of art we have. To think, people have been making noises for thousands of years. And we have been trying to make more pleasant noises as soon as we discovered melodies. Music is amazing in every way! Of course you should rewind, or play back a song if you want or need that song for your soul. Music is meant to bring out feelings and emotions. Enjoy it all fam. That's what music is about. :)
Yup. And ESPECIALLY if I’ve said ‘you gotta hear this song!’ and the person isn’t reeeeally listening.
I start [this](https://youtu.be/plicTVahp5Q) song over constantly because I get distracted and don't take in the full emotional effect of the 2 minute mark.

Same with [this one](https://youtu.be/Rv_a6rlRjZk) at 1:20
Yessssss, even if I just miss a few seconds without the proper equalizer, I'll rewind, and it's not like I'm an audiophile or anything, I just have spotify on the lowest quality, wavelet and galaxy buds plus..........
Yessss
I’ve listened to the song “I’m so tired” so many times I never hear the hook anymore like I always tune out by the time it gets the that part and it’s my favourite part
Umm yes and wait to exit the car until it’s done
Hell fucking yes
I have to
And then I get frustrated when I realize I zoned out again... so of course I restart again
Sometimes I find a song that makes me so happy I tear up and don’t wanna listen to it for a bit so I don’t ruin it
ESPECIALLY when I’m trying to pretend I’m in a music video
Happened to me at my night shift like three times last night lol.
OMG YES 🙋🏻‍♀️
I usually put it on repeat until I get bored of it.
Google maps just talked over the drop so i gotta run it back
I especially do this is I'm trying to show someone the song and they aren't paying enough attention lol
or sometimes because I want to sing along that one cool part again
Every single time
So frequently. Even if I've heard the song 100 times.
Depends on the length of the song.
OMG yes. Never thought about that until today
Nah, it won't be the same, I already listened a part of it, I just forget about it and I am sure I'll find it again (taking in mind I only appreciate songs after I add them to my library and let them play randomly, the same with art).

I only rewind if I was actually not listening at all. Not just distracted, but headset off or just my mind completely blank or focused into one thing.
And then your friend starts talking or you get an ill-timed phone call, and you're just waiting the whole conversation until it ends to right that wrong.
hell yea
I do it to avoid the ad.
Y r s
As a songwriter, it makes me happy that people do this.
EVEN IF I MISSED LIP SINGING A SINGLE VERSE
Absolutely. If I haven't heard a song from beginning to end, I haven't heard it. I confess to OCD on that point! And the same goes whether I am playing an MP3 or whether I am performing it myself (I play the piano and sing as a hobby). If someone interrupts me before I'm finished....when I resume, I restart the song at the beginning. "Partial" songs are just plain unacceptable.
in the car, in the  gym..yep
"Aw yea here comes the dr-AW DAMN IT YOUTUBE! WHY DO YOU FEEL LIKE BUFFERING NOW OF ALL PLACES!"
Or if I'm washing the wrong dish when it starts
#I now demand that everyone reply to me with songs worth repeating over and over. The more embarrassing, the better. 😉 I’m excited to see what common repeatables are out there!
Sometimes I restart a song if I'm rolling up on the homies just so they can hear how much the song Slaps 😂
Constantly.
My wife gets up set because I turn the volume up if she continues to ramble while I'm listening to my music. If she continues I start over. She says she doesn't understand because I've listened to whatever song it maybe 1000 times. 
I once left Bob Dylan Desire in the cd player for a year almost. I just could not get enough of it. It still sounds great!
All the time.

whenever I listen to metallica and read the comments on the video I have to rewind because I missed part of the song.
No. I have never done this. I swear. I havent. I have not. Nope.
Just happened to me last night. Decided to listen to the new Taylor Swift album.
How many subs did you post this in
Stolen post
Absolutely, 100% yes, ESPECIALLY if I had been thinking about the song at some point earlier in the day (which happens a lot)
I do that with loads of things
DAE like sleeping with a fan blowing on them but being burried under the covers?

I MUST have fan white noise to sleep. If the fan isn't on. I won't be sleeping. I've had a fan break and have to go out in the middle of the night to buy a new fan. 
Wind, Sound, a thousand blankets!
Not only do I like this. It is necessary. 
Korea doesn't.
Love it. If I had my way I would turn the air down to the 60's so I can snuggle in a quilt, but the fascists at W.I.F.E. keep saying their cold.
Judging by the fact that I see this DAE about once a week I'm going to go with yes, other people do like this.  
My fans aren't that hardcore, we're only a small band.
Personally, I don't like fans. For some reason, the inconsistent streams of air makes me feel a little sick, gives me slight headaches, or makes by body rapidly ping-pong between feeling hot and cold. This effect worsens when the fan pans back and forth. 

I'm not sure why this happens.
I need the sound. 
Absolutely.  Fan's gotta be on my side of the bed so my body blocks it for my wife, and, VERY importantly, I have to have one foot out from under the covers.  Not sure why; maybe it's my heat sync.
While I am guilty of this and absolutely love it. This has to be a behavior limited to Americans. 
Get a [White Noise Generator](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-TS3UMnnkY) (no pesky [fan death](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fan_death) either)

I love sleeping with a fan all year round but I'm starting to think it may be largely the soothing white noise a fan provides.
oh fuck yeah, sleep like this every night. even through the winter. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fan_death
>burried

Cleveland?
Yes. It looks like this: http://i.imgur.com/saWKf.jpg
Every day for the last 20 years.... and when I sleep at a hotel or when I was younger and slept over somewhere, I could NEVER fall asleep.. i'd just lay there and sweat, or be extremely uncomfortable. 
[White (or in my case, Brown oscillating) Noise for the win!](http://simplynoise.com/)
I need the sound and the breeze. Even in the winter, I'll have the ceiling fan and an oscillating fan going in the room. All while under three blankets. At first my wife (then girlfriend) hated it with a passion. Now she is the same way. I plan to pass this on to my daughter once she is no longer a toddler.
Yes, -15c outside, Window open, Fan blasting, and sleeping under the covers. 
Yes, everyone on this site loves that, also popular is with the AC down and a huge comforter.  


Yep, our apartment stays at 55-57 degrees, i bundle up with 6 blankets and make sure my feet are always covered because that is seriously important. I have to have a fan because i constantly hear ringing and the fan drowns that out and allows for sleepy time to commence. A general rule for me is, my head needs to be colder than my body. So if my feet are warm, my nose has to be ice.
Not only is the cooling breeze nice, but the white noise created by the fan  knocks me out cold. Best way to sleep imo.
I cant sleep without the comforting sound of my tower fan and that cool breeze. 
The air circulation around my face is all I really need.  I sleep with the ceiling fan above my bed running every night!
My boyfriend sleeps like that, normally I don't like a fan on my face when I'm sleeping, but when I'm with him it's nice because the combined body heat gets a little warm. Personally I like having the air conditioner on while huddled under many blankets.
I figured everyone loved this.
Yup. I turn the A/C down to 68F. I have a water cooled fan on the side of my bed, the ceiling fan, and a standing fan at the end of the bed.
I must have some sort of background noise, such as a fan, because I have tinnitus and it's hard to sleep otherwise.
ITT: First World Problems.

Yeah, I do it too.  Can't sleep without me two fans on, one pointed right on me, the other circulating the air.  No matter how hot it gets under that comforter, I needs it.  I needs it *bad*.
http://www.brookstone.com/bed-fan-with-wireless-remote
I prefer to be bundled up in a cold room. My face needs to be cold, but my body needs to be warm. In Duluth, MN, in the coldest days of winter, I would open the window and bundle up in my double thick mink blanket. I frequently ended up with snow on my dresser.
Not since my girlfriends Korean Dad told me about fan death.  
I have to! Except for half of one leg sticking out from under the covers to increase coolness.
[Hey man, don't go dying on me now, k?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fan_death)
I'm fan dependant.. unfortunately my gf hates it but she will learn.
I am lying in bed right now, covered by two large blankets while my fan is blowing at the second highest speed. I think you could say that I feel the same as you. 
Yep, it doesn't matter if it's winter or summer. I need to have the fan blowing. Although I didn't start covering my head with blankets until I started working nights.
Cant sleep without it.
Without the fan there's just a constant ringing noise in my ears, that I just can't block out.
Every night all year long. 
It is currently 11:34 AM and I am doing that exactly.
There must be constant noise in my room.  I use a fan every night for almost the past 10 years. Also I'm a weirdo and sleep in a sleeping bag. My wife hates it, but it's almost like a sense of security 
I do that just for the noise.
I do this every night even in winter.
I like it cold so that I can curl up burrito-style, but then I wake up in the morning like "fuck its cold what is wrong with me?"
YUP! I just can't sleep as well without needing to keep warm in covers amidst a cold room
I do this, but I like to have my feet stick out of the blankets!
So, it isn't just me!??!?!  I'm showing this to my wife!
I cannot sleep without a fan blowing on me.
I love the noise of the fan as im sleeping,my boyfriend likes actually feeling the fan,so the fan stays on his side of the bed and i snuggle into him. Blocked by the fan but still enjoying the sounds as i sleep. :)
Nope, and I don't need a blanket on me, either.  Everyone asks me how I manage to sleep without a blanket all the time when they see me sleeping in the summer with all the windows open and nothing covering my body.  I also seem to be very low priority on the mosquito target list, which is awesome.  Even when I'm sleeping alone, it only takes an incandescent lightbulb to drive insects away from me.
I find the sound of the fan hides the sound the rats make in my ceiling. Without the sound I'm terrified they'll drop on me like a dropbear Kuala. 
ALL THE FUCKING TIME
Yes!  It's the only way I can fall asleep. 
I completely misread this.
I have a fan on the floor by my bed aimed up a little to get some noise and a little breeze and in the summer have that and a fan in the window as well. 
I like the cold for the heavy clothing and blankets, so I do this all the time.
Absolutely!!!
FTW!
I'm actually reading this while under the covers with a fan blowing on me.
I'm a pretty big *fan*
Guilty, checking in.
only way i can sleep
I've always wondered if it is because my mother put me outside to nap in the baby buggy, all bundled up.

In January.

In the snow.

I'm all-


"i LOVE you, fan"

...

^"fuck ^you, ^fan"

Of course. Open the window tooooo
Hell yes I do! I usually use the ceiling fan because I'll get too hot underneath my blanket mountain.
Yes! Everyone thinks I'm crazy because no matter what the weather's like, how hot or cold it is, or whatever, I always sleep with a fan and a down comforter.
This is an absolute must!!
And my wife sleeps on the couch because I do.
slept with a fan since i was 18months old. My Wifey hates it!
Yes. I need it.
I am doing this currently.
Yesss!
I do not like a fan blowing at me, but I like to sleep in a dark cave with cold temps and a blanket. My bedroom has blackout curtains/drapes and I always turn the temp down (auto) 1 hour before I go to bed. 

Fans dry my throat/nose out and make me feel shitty for a couple hours in the morning. 
I Love doing this while browsing reddiy
i thought i was alone, i'm glad other people do it too!!
I thought I was the only one :O
i have to have a fan blowing on me while i sleep atleast my feet anyway 


cannot sleep with out it
I love it. I live in southern California and I have so much trouble sleeping during summer because I can't do this. 
I usually have one on every night while tucked under my blankets, but If it gets too hot I have a second one ready on standby. Usually when my boyfriend spends the night he likes both of them on 
Same - I ALWAYS have the fan on. Yes, I've woken up FREEZING because of it, but I have a very hard time sleeping without it.
my little brother does and it annoys the hell out of me whenever we have  to share a room
I have to have my window open (It's against my bed so it blows directly on my face) but be buried under the covers.
Wow. It's like you're me.
Only everyday of my life 
I can hardly sleep any other way. 
Totally - I like to be like the little mouse that is looking out of it's warm burrow into the raging snowstorm. We sleep with a box fan even in the dead of winter. My wife hated it at first.
I do this. It gives me a cozy feeling, as if its the first cold night of fall.
I like the description of this used in moby dick.
Grew up in minnesota, cold winters are awesome with some thick blankets.  Move to california, hot nights are restless until I bought ROBOFAN!  I now cannot sleep unless there is moving air in the room.  No air, no sleep.
It's the hum that helps.. and the cold,vastness of the dark.
Not on me, but just blowing, I like the noise.  I'll also listen to quiet music in a language I don't understand.
YES! YES! YES!  This is, for me, absolutely necessary to sleep comfortably.  I need a nice, constant whir of the fan, as well as a cool breeze while I'm wrapped up in blankets.
I use my AC well into winter..then I switch to an industrial grade floor fan..i can't sleep without almost dying if hypothermia lol
I do this. I turn my ceiling fan on (usually medium or high) and get under the comforter and sheets. It's so good. 
I'm doing that as I type this on my phone under the covers... it's so warm and cozyyyyyy.
I remember being at my friend's house one time being uncomfortably warm. I was about to open some windows when his girlfriend came out, bundled up, saying, "Jesus, it's FREEZING in here." 
Silly, EVERYONE likes that.
I vote we organize one big sleepover with everyone in this thread where we set the inside temp to 60 (fahrenheit) with fans blasting. It'll be like a winter wonderland.

Edit: Should also have [Rainymood](http://www.rainymood.com/) playing in the background.
OF COURSE.
I am experiencing this right now and itis amazing.
I thought I was the only one!  My wife still doesn't understand!
If i were the lead singer of a band, my answer would be yes
Ishmael fucking loves it. He dedicates like half a chapter to it in Moby Dick. But he also dedicates a whole chapter to cod chowder. So he loves sleeping in a warm bed in a frigid room but loves cod chowder that much more.
Yes! Every night!!!!
I prefer a girl blowing on me, but that's just me.
I love doing this. Especially with a fan that has a turning face thing that makes it feel like a breeze, not just solid wind in my face. 
Yes.
absolutley yes!
I always do this. My friends get weirded out by me cuz I like sweatshirts and lots of blankets, but I love winter and always have fans on. I've finally found out my deal: I want my body to be warm, but I'm only comfortable in cold air. Warm air makes me RAGE.
no other way to get a BJ, bitches queueing outside of the house waiting
I'm doing that right now...
I bring a small fan on vacation with me.  If I forget it I go buy one.  I have 7 small desk fans in my storage room.  I can't remember the last time I went without one.  I have battery operated fans as well in case I'm going camping somewhere without power.
guilty
I put the fan right next to my bed, then cover myself AND the fan with the biggest bed sheet. And under THAT I'm in a thin sheet hiding from the fan cause I'm cold as fuck.

The only way to sleep.
Any Korean reading your post will think you're crazy.
I like to have the fan on in the room, but it doesn't need to be aimed right at me/to be very powerful. My brother however aims the fan right at himself and huddled under all his blankets...
yes.  jesus, this subreddit.

This.... Is exactly how I feel. 
yeah well I dont like having the fan aim at me directly.. it gets dry and irritating.
I do. I have my fan blowing on me during spring and fall and during the summer I have my A.C. literally on the lowest temperature I can go (don't know the exact temp but it feels niiiiceee). I get under my blankets and fall asleep all warm, yet cold. It's just nice. My family does not understand me.
Literally less than a foot away from my face, but still completely submerged under covers
My house has ac, but in my room i still have a window unit. And a fan. I turn them on when i go to bed and when i wake up. Its deeeecent.
I was actually just about to go do this.  G'night, Reddit.
I absolutely need a fan blowing on me or near me, mostly for the "white noise". I have one on every night, 365.
Yes, in fact it's been so long now that if I don't have a fan blowing directly on me I find it difficult to sleep at all. And I love when it's freezing me out and I have to bundle up on the blankets.
Sleeping under a bunch of blankets when it's cold is the most wonderful feeling in the world. It's like I'm fighting the elements in my own make shift man cave. Trying to stay cool when it's hot at night? Makes me want to kick puppies.
I am the same as all of you. But I add a radio to my sleeping arrangement. I literally can not sleep unless I have my fan on, (even in winter) and my radio. And also of somehow the radio station I am on has like a morning talk show? I instantly wake up when it starts. And I can't sleep till I find a station that does not have one, and they are playing music. 

I think the reason I need all of that is because I have a over reacting brain that does not shut up ( figuratively speaking) and the music distracts my brain. 
Right here OP. I just love the sound and it had the perfect level of hot to cold ratio.
Are you watching me? This freaks me out.....get this, I'm reading this while the fan blows on my face and I've a down comforter over me.....the AC is on at 7 F......weird.

I'm actually reading this in my phone lying in bed with a fan blowing on me buried underneath covers
Yes!  It's the only way I can sleep
Yes! My girlfriend does and I find it completely inexplicable. Can anyone explain this?
Yes. Let's sleep together.
During the summer I have the intakes outside a comforter while I sleep under it.  Makes a wind tunnel type deal.  Then again I don't have ac.  Shit is awesome.
This is me every night, and I have to lock the door, because my mother last time came in, discovered me under the covers while the fan was blowing all night, she karate kicks it off the dresser. 
I always have my fan on high and have to wrap myself up in as many blankets as possible. Although I hate the fan blowing on me in the morning when I wake up.
It's so funny how many people are the same way about sleeping. I know as soon as our power goes out if it does because my fan/white noise is what literally keeps me asleep. I also like having it ice cold in my room even though I'm tucked deep inside my blankets. 
Yes but nothing beats being the little spoon during a thunderstorm.
Do you want to *die*?
Ive been told Im very exothermic, so this is the only way I can stay cool. Plus, I love the feel of a heavy down comforter on me.
it's the only way I can sleep
One of my favourite things is having the window open while it's raining and windy, whilst being curled up in bed under the covers. The breeze, the sound of rain yet the secure warmth of my bed.. Perfect.
Almost, like everyone I know.  Every girl friend, myself, family...yep its a thing.
I grew up in the far tropics. Fan was a must. Now I need it wherever I am!!
I just like it to be cool/cold in the room while I sleep and I like to have a comforter over me.  I don't sleep well when I'm too warm and I seem to wake up to migraines as well if I sleep in warm/hot temps.
No white noise then no sleep. It is a must have! 
Dat Feel...
This is how I sleep every night, along with a tv on (the television is the equivalent of a teddy bear for me). When I moved in with my boyfriend, it was completely different. No fan on, only one sheet, no television. And I can't sleep in anything skimpy because there are other people in the house, so I also have to sleep fully clothed. No bueno.
Virtually cannot sleep without it! It feels great and I like it aimed directly at my face because I find it easier to breathe cold air.

I have a portable AC and an oscillating fan right next to me.

I even remember the first time I realized how awesome that felt, lol.
This is the only way I can ever sleep. I used a fan all the way back as far as I can remember. I do not remember not using one ever.
Yes yes and yes. It can be 20 degrees outside. Doesn't matter. I need the noise and I can't sleep if I'm hot...
YES. No one else here gets it.
a big box fan pointed in my direction.
Fan death
air conditioning instead. i like my face to be really cold for some reason.
That's the best way to sleep IMO, but my gf hates it. She's such a light sleeper and gets cold easily. 
I do this
I worked swing shift for 30 years and always done it never had a problem getting to sleep once! White noise even before it was cool, now my wifes the same way I take a fan on vacations!
I'm sorry? Are u like my exact replica o.o 
I do that, and then I poke a small hole for breathing. 
LOVE IT.
Yes, need that breeze and the white noise that comes with it. As the cooler weather approaches I turn the fan around so it blows away rather than towards. With such constant use think my fan motor needs new brushes though. When I turn it on now it takes about 2 minutes until the blades start moving normally.
i have to have the cold to sleep so my roommates and i fan is the single most important thing in our room 
I only do this for the noise. And also becuase I have mean friend in my childhood.
Bet way to sleep
I love doing this. It's just oddly comforting. You are certainly not alone. I even have my fain on in the middle of the winter. 
Yes. I need to be under some pretty heavy covers to sleep (it's a comfort thing) so a fan keeps me fairly cool and gives some white noise. 
I have to do this every night because it keeps me from getting too hot or cold, its just something i discovered and i thought i was one of a few who did this but now im not alone and feel better

Doing that right now. Was having panic attacks and a fan right in front of my face was the only sober way to shut my brain off so I could sleep.
This is my favorite thing in the world. Both my boyfriend and I do this... he likes the fan on him... and I love the white noise, so he keeps me warm and blocks the fan and I get the noise and the AIR CIRCULATION! 
Every single night since the dawn of my birthing hath a fan had be on whilst I rested.
Yes, until I have to get up and get dressed for school. Then I immediately regret that shit. 
[Really?](http://www.reddit.com/r/DoesAnybodyElse/comments/zz95s/dae_prefer_a_cold_bed_to_a_warm_bed/)
This.  Is.  Me.

As much as no one can understand it, and my boyfriend puts up with it, I cannot sleep another way.

And I love the heat, go figure!
Honestly, I'd let someone blow on me even if they weren't a fan.
Every night. Loving it lately that it's getting down to the hight 40F-low 50F at night. Just open the windows and cuddle up.
It's the feeling of the blanket that keeps me coming back. 
Yes! I love sleeping with the A/C on, a fan, and 2 big heavy blankets.
I live in NYC so I use the fan to drown out all of the sounds of people walking around the neighborhood at late hours in the night. I also like to be cool, but I still usually use a light sheet with my fan on the lowest setting. I do this 365 days of the year. 
I'm from Los Angeles.

Even in the winter i'll keep the fan on while covered snuggly by the thick blanket.
I bought one of these.  It works nicely.  http://gadgets.boingboing.net/2008/04/17/bed-fan-keeps-you-co.html
I mounted a ceiling fan in my bedroon and now I can't sleep without it.   Now that the weather is cooling down I switch the oration so it is still on circulating air bot the breeze isn't as strong.
Yes, AND I just put on my fuzzy winter-time sheets yesterday.  It's heaven. :)
Absolutely! White noise to encourage sound sleep, air circulation to ensure the air around you stays cool, and a big comfy blanket to provide both warmth and a sense of comfor.
Yes
Wait..there are other ways to sleep?
I think my fan has been going for about three months now. Best feeling ever 
Oh ya, the breeze is always nice, but I really like it more for the white noise. For some reason the sound of a fan running always helps me fall asleep faster. 
I do to a certain degree. Once I start to feel like I am freezing, I usually put it down a level so I can "warm up a bit"
Yes I do, this is me in the summer. I'm too lazy to turn of the fan as it's a full 3 meters away.
I have a fan, every night.  The breeze on my face creates positive air pressure and allows me to breathe better while I sleep.  Without it, I frequently feel like I'm suffocating.  I have already done 6 sleeps studies, and have had the UPPP surgery.  The fan still helps.  Probably psychological, but it helps. 
Can't sleep any other way.
For some reason this is the only way I can stay cool enough. Fan on me full blast & snuggled up with my gigantic comforter. 
My husband! 
I always have to have a fan on me. The room must also be as cold as possible, and the blankets must form mountains that rival the Himalaya. Also, one foot sticks out of the covers to regulate heat. 
Love it!  It's in the 50's here now, but I can't sleep unless there's a fan running.

I need an air current, and it blocks out sounds from outside.
My feet get abnormally hot, and I need them to be cool to go to sleep. 
To everyone saying they use the fan for white noise, try simplynoise.com. I used to need a fan all of the time untill I found that site. Its amazing. Well I also need to crank my ac as well but its not my fault i cant sleep without a comforter even in the summer.
My son does this and it bugs me to no end. If you need blankets then it's not too hot. Quit raising the electric bill for no reason.
Are you crazy? That shit could kill you. It's like you've never heard of fan death.
Hell yeah! First, I love the sound. Second, even though I'm covered, it still hits my face. Third, it's awesome to be able to throw the blanket off, or stick a leg out and feel DAT AWESOME COOL AIR 
YESSSSSSS.

See also:  Driving at night with the windows down and the heater blasting.
Yes.

Now explain to me how this will facilitate conversation aside from all of the assfucks making pun jokes.
Kind of seems like a waste of energy? Anyone?
Let me rephrase the question - DAE like wasting electricity?
No, I prefer having a heater to simulate a sauna while I sleep.
while wearing only underwear
DAE check their pee color and feel proud of themselves when they see that clear hydrated urine?

That first morning pee is always so depressing by how yellow it is haha
i'm more impressed when i see that bright yellow vitamin pee
Mine was green. 
Yes, and get frustrated when it's still yellow after like two bottles of water. 
I always push (red, but I mean go for the mix; why not) beets on the younger generation at family holiday gatherings. 

When they're young they're horrified at the fact their poop and pee becomes pigmented. 

Even that said, I still (as recently as earlier this month) ate beets, went to have a squirt, and still thought for a second or two that I'd contracted mild death. 

tl;dr: Beets have color compounds that emerge in both your #1 and #2 and they are goddamn delicious (EDIT: The beets, not the leftovers, you brutes). You only get your body for so long. Check beets out and have a laugh!
My pee is rarely clear or a decent yellow color, I forget to drink water always. Also, I had to get my kidneys checked out and had a catheter placed and filled my bladder up (they needed to watch my kidneys function) and I had to pee after obviously and it came out freezing cold because of whatever liquid they put inside me. Cold pee? Now THATS a wild ride.
Yes, I always check. 
It's the only thing I can fucking manage as a 22 year old wannabe adult. 
mine is pitch black
Cheer if you pee clear!
my disney college program roommate worked at animal kingdom and on the back of the bathroom stalls sometimes they had charts on how hydrated you should be depending on the color of your pee. since most cast members worked outside, hydration is key in florida!
urine can be... clear? what sort of coffee or alcohol are you drinking?
I know I drank too much caffeine if my pee is green
[Aquaria does](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/w2D8pob) 
Yes.  Thanks for asking.

I'm also impressed by my poop being green.
My pee is rainbow colored but I'm straight, help
Wait does anyone not check their pee every time?
Without a doubt.  OBGYN has a little cabinet you place the sample in with your name on it.  If any are in there as I put mine in i mentally make it a competition to see if I win the “most hydrated pregnant lady” award for that day.   Totally not an award.  But still I feel proud when I win and shame when I don’t.  
Yes, although I heard recently that if your pee is too clear then you need more electrolytes. 
When mine is clear, it usually means I'm drunk.
I used to work in consttuction and often in bathrooms there was a colour chart that showed different shades of yellow and made hydration recommenedations based on the colour.

From almost clear - you're well hydrated, keep it up.
to
Almost brown - seek medical attention immediately.

Used to love doing a colour check while peeing. Looking back I kinda want one at home now. I'll try and find an image of one.
Urine being clear is one of my pet peeves, because it's not better for you.  Your urine is suppose to be straw colored.  If you're peeing clear then you're stripping nutrients from your body.
Not when I’m checking it every 5 minutes
Every time
I use to work in an aluminum foundry and they always were preaching to check your piss color because the presses we worked on were like 136 degrees with 1000 degree aluminum being extruded, and they will dehydrate you quicker than you’ll realize. It’s stuck with me since then and I still check my piss color.  Actually my gram is in the hospital because of dehydration. That shit is no joke. 


When it's clear, you've had much beer.


 - The keenest observation of my college experience.
Clear urine is actually unhealthy. Should be a very light yellow. 
If your pee is completely clear, it may be a sign that you are drinking too much water. In general, if you're drinking so much that your urine looks like water, you probably are drinking more than you need.
Dark orange after my work day today, and that's fairly common. I have paruresis so I don't go to the bathroom at work, but I also intentionally don't drink much while I'm there (or eat anything either till I get home). Just a few sips of a Capri Sun throughout the day to keep me awake, don't even finish it usually. 
Yes! 
Hell yeah!
I feel proud to recognize this is a repost.
Hardly happens for me, lol.
[deleted]
When I was a child my pee was usually green for some reason, but one day I went to the bathroom and my pee was yellow. So I called to my mom "Mom! My pee is yellow!" and she kind of looked at me wired and said "Oh... That's nice hun"
I'm really lucky. Ever since I was a kid, I've always craved water. I just want it all the time, it's the best. There's no drink more satisfying than fresh water to me. I never see the demon stream. 
I drink a lot of water & mine's never clear.
I usually stay well hydrated but the least few months I suddenly have started drinking less.
Yes, my dad died of kidney disease, so it's sort of mandatory for me.
Yes!
Nah, it makes me happy my kidneys are functioning.
It's supposed to be clear?....
Especially after I wake up after polishing off a handle of Tito’s and it’s still clear 
100%
I literally don't drink anything but water, and I drink a fair amount daily and my urine is never clear...? What gives?
Mine is rainbow. Am I gay?
I always try to see how clear I can make it. Like if it’s summertime and I’m sweating a lot I’ll drink a boatload of water, or eat watermelon. And I’m always disappointed when I realize I can’t make my urine completely clear. But I have tried
mmmm creatinine 
always have ever since evolution in africa
What colour should it be?
I take this nasty-tasting pond sludge mix of vitamins that makes mine NEON GREEN. It's immensely satisfying to see :D
Yep. Thank you Army.
Mine hasn't been clear in years. It could be the alcoholism. 
what if it's red
I drink enough beer to look at my urine and see all the hydration flowing right out of me.
Every veteran does
I drink water just to make sure that my pee is clear
YES! I used to struggle with alcohol problems and was secretly worried about having continual dark pee in case one of my internal organs had packed it in on the booze cruise.
Do people actually pay attention to this?
I do. But for some reason if I’m like at the movies and have an unhealthy sugary drink like soda or sweet tea and I drink a lot of it my pee comes out clear, that’s the only time honestly. I pretty much only drink water and milk so it’s weird because my pee is usually somewhat yellow. 
Asparagus smell or goats cheese smell included.
I get sad when it’s yellow 
mike birbiglia has a bit about this! it’s in his road trip joke
I get sad when it's clear haha I like the color bc it shows power. Sometimes if it's real dark/bright(?) I'll show it off to everybody in the bathroom at the time. I'm very excited right now because it is partly red which means I might level up soon. Wish me luck! /s


Edit: ! not ?
Always and my kids are trained to check too. It’s such a simple way to teach a child to know when they need to drink more water.
Yes. Every single time. 
Especially before a drug test.
"Pee" and "proud" don't really belong in the same sentence if you're beyond potty-training.

Your body has a wonderfully accurate way of determining if you're properly hydrated without having to stare at your pee: Drink when you're thirsty.
For me, clear urine always means I've drank a lot of alcohol...and they say alcohol dehydrates you...

Seriously though,  how is that?
This never made total sense to me. This is totally dependent on how much water is in the toilet bowl to begin with. When I was in Europe, there was just naturally less water in the bowl to start. But American toilets start with more, so of course the same urine will be a different shade of yellow if it’s more or less diluted! 
If you pee clear, cheer!
Yeah, and if it's not clear, I get so disappointed that I dilute it just to spite my kidneys.
r/hydrohomies
My piss is almost always yellow
when yours is white
