[F2F] From over 375 lbs to 215 lbs in 1 year. There are simply no excuses.

Now that is one hell of a transformation.  Good for you!
Mostly copied from [an old post @ 100 lbs weight loss in 6 months](http://www.reddit.com/r/keto/comments/1r889m/photo_friday_after_nearly_6_months_of_keto_i/). You can check it out here, [or over at ProgressPics when I had lost 150 lbs. by the 9th month...](http://www.reddit.com/r/progresspics/comments/1zwy6z/m2560_9_months_and_150_lbs_down_and_life_will/) I will come back and answer any and all questions, though.

I don't think my story is too special or new: I've been obese my entire life (since at least 10 years old: approximately 5'0/123lbs @ 10 yrs, 5'4/200 @ 12 years, 5'4/250 lbs @ 14 years, 6'0/350+ @ 18 years) and ballooned to over 420 lbs a few years ago, at which point I was just disgusted with myself and had EXTREMELY poor self-image and physical confidence. A good buddy of mine introduced me to the concept of ketosis last year after we got laid off from our jobs and I thought it sounded cool but didn't give it too much thought and zero effort or try. After yo-yoing around just from varying my completely erratic diet and sedentary lifestyle, I came into 2013 weighing 375 lbs after the holidays. I tried meekly to start eating more protein, first of all, and trying to eliminate carbs in a really basic way to easy myself into the whole keto thing. It felt fine, but I was still overeating massively and lost no weight (wasn't counting macros whatsoever or really *trying* at all). I gained 5-10 lbs at least.  

Then, when I got an interview for an awesome new job, I had to buy new clothes as none of my decent clothes fit me (correction: I had no decent clothes as they are basically unavailable when you are the size of a house) and while shopping at the Big & Tall section of Ralph Lauren (again...  *at least* it was better than having to go to Casual Male XL again) and having to buy size 56 dungarees (biggest I ever bought was 58) I decided it was enough, and that if I did not change now at 25 years old, I absolutely never would--and I would die obese. So coinciding with the start of my new job, I started on my new body, in earnest.  

I still remained almost entirely sedentary, but I maintained **constant vigilance** with what I put into my body everyday. I completely quit cigarettes, cold turkey, without even a blink. My biggest concern was losing any strength or muscle mass as I began to lose massive amounts of fat, as I had always been lucky to be very strong and have a large base of muscle mass throughout my obesity (probably one of the reasons my fat, lazy ass was not motivated enough to fix myself earlier, b/c I was always still pretty physically capable when I tried). So instead of a traditional 60-30-5 Keto spread, I started out pretty hardcore with my deficit (along the lines of a Protein-Sparing Modified Fast), and got used to being able to vary my meals and nutrient groups every day and maintain macros of 200g protein, 75g fat, and 15g carbs per day (around 1,650-1,750 calories). Lots of salmon, chicken, tuna, steak, shrimp, broccoli, green beans, cheese, and almonds! I literally eat like a fucking King... Seriously...  

For me, this worked Absolute. Wonders. My energy levels became higher than I ever thought possible for my body. My depression, insomnia, stomachaches, general bloatedness and constant, miserable discomfort (if you have ever been SUPER obese, you know what I am talking about) were obliterated, and I am stronger and faster at this very moment than I have ever been at any point in my life up until now. I have had absolute 0 issues with cravings, cheating, slipping up, or feeling *even slightly* dissatisfied with my choices, satiation, and the results themselves. I averaged about 2+ pounds per day for the first several months, and then slowed dramatically to only about ~5lbs/week until I did more research adjusted my regiment with Intermittent Fasting and increased Fat intake (lowering Protein to avoid Gluconeogenesis). I now eat 150g Fat, 150g Protein, and less than 25g Carbs per day, everyday. Don't want to bore you with too many numbers, but I dropped another 75 lbs in the proceeding 6 months. Still going strong, (been a bit stalled from 225 to 215) but well on my way to my end-goal of single-digit body fat percentage (guessing around 185-190 if I can't gain muscle more quickly).

In the last 6 months, I started strength training and finally got into bodyweight calisthenics that I had been wanting to dive into for years. I also joined a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu/Mixed Martial Arts gym, so I am legitimately working out 6 days a week, sometimes twice a day. This is absurd if you ever knew anything about me. I was the laziest human being alive. I can now do 17 straight chin-ups and 11 consecutive pull-ups, 60 push-ups, 100+ squats, and 48 dips last time I tested myself in max single sets. =D  

Basically, there are no fucking excuses. THANKFULLY, as much as I absolutely qualify for the most horrifyingly disgusting, food-hoarding, Godzilla-level-GORGING FatPeopleStories in history, I never had an ounce of fat logic or blamed anyone but myself for my obesity. I knew, deep down, that it was entirely my fault for overeating (read: sucking down food and juice INDESCRIMINANTLY like crack-cocaine for 2 decades, even sneaking food at night as a child) and not moving my humongous ass even 1 single foot to do anything, ever. Epic, next-level laziness. **That** is why people are fat, not their fucking **CONDISHUNZZ**.  
  
I hate to say it, but I have somehow become simultaneously a Life Coach/dietician for every one of my friends and members of my family (all of which, if they have switched to a Ketogenic diet with me, have lost dozens or hundreds of pounds **JUST LIKE I HAVE. PROVING DIET AND EXERCISE ARE THE ANSWER.**) and the world's **LEAST** sympathetic Shitlord. I weighed 400 lbs and approx. 50% body fat ostensibly fucking *yesterday*, and thanks to changing my dietary intake and exercise output, I can now do hand-stand push-ups and 1-armed chin-ups. There are no fucking excuses. Put down the fucking McBeetus and go outside. Eat less, and move more. Or die fat. Your choice.  
  
I love all of you Shitlords.

Bonus: Blast from the past pics to show my lifelong/childhood obesity: http://imgur.com/a/9BIl0  
God, I was a fucking whale.  
Never again.
Dude those arms though. The only thing I have that looks even *close* to being that ripped is my left arm, because of.... activities. 

Congrats! You must feel like a million bucks! 
You lost a whole person
...You made it brah :')

Wow.  You are a BAMF.  I am so impressed!

Also, compare the look on your face in the first pictures and your expression in the last picture.  Weight aside, you don't even look like the same man.  Your smile says it all!  
Dude...you can't take us from "fat fuck" to "sexy hotness" like that...I need a smooth transition.

As a former "fat fuck" to "sexy hotness" and back to "fat fuck"...you give me inspiration and hope...one day I want to be the guy my wife met again (well...kind of...O_o).
Holy shit man, that's so much more epic than I thought it would be, congrats on beast mode transformation
I have seen a whole lot of progress pics but this is the first one that has literally made me say "WHAT!?" out loud when I saw your last pics. You are ridiculous. Just absolutely fucking amazing and inspirational.
ey, how YOU doin'?
Wow, you look fantastic!  Now you get to define all the muscle that you got from hauling around a beetusbod.
Honestly seeing your just general size before the loss, it reminds me so much of myself.


Jesus shit bro.

Would you mind posting a link to your routine and diet? 

Sorry for swearing but fuck me that is incredible. 
*YEAH* you're kinda fuckin ripped! :D Great job!!
That transformation made my head spin! You should have your own TV show: "training with the world's least sympathetic shitlord".
Man... I look *exactly* like you do on those first pictures. Been yoyoing for many years now. People always talk about that keto thing, I don't even know what it is, I've only heard that it can make you sick but haven't done any research. You really make me want to change that right fucking now.
Bad motherfucker
I've lost 40lbs with with 30 more to go. Your pictures are inspiring and great motivation to keep going. Thanks for sharing and great job! :)
Curious what a meal plan for the day/week looks like for you? Also, hnnng. Hot. =)
Is... Is this your final form? 
OP, Thank you very much. You have totally inspired me. You have given me the hope and belief that I can accomplish the same type of success as you have.  Your success is truly amazing.  Congratulations and God bless you!
Dude, you don't even have any loose skin. That's amazing.
From *jiggle* to *giggle*
Good fucking job man! You look fantastic! Bravo
HOLY SHIT BRO YOU DO LIFT!
Great job on the weight loss, but I'd say that your greatest improvement is taking a razor to that dome.
This is so awesome of you! You look fucking ripped beyond belief.

As a whale (me), I fully accept it's my fault for being such a whale. I don't seem to have any motivation to change though.

What was your tipping point to start getting fit? I am not infected with the beetus yet, but I fear the worst since my grandma has beetus.
Wow sir just wow!  That is amazing!  You should be so proud! 
You're my inspiration right now. I've been failing all over the place. Need to just do it like you did. 
You are THE MAN!! :D
God damn dude. Usually I just ignore these f2f posts but that really is an amazing transformation. Keep up the hard work
[deleted]
You have worked hard and it's paid off. You should be incredibly proud of yourself.
You look amazing!! Congratulations!! 
You must have some great recipes that are healthy. Care to share?
I literally said "Holy Shit" when I clicked next and saw the after. Good work Brah!
Congrats bro
Holy shit man.

You are a *beast*! Congrats doesn't even start to cover it, great job
Holy shit, Shitlord. That is some serious motivation for me, who would like to lose fifteen pounds to get more healthy and in the mid range of my ideal weight. You rock!
Dam dude
[deleted]
Congratulations op! He'll of a transformation!
Holy shit, dude! You are truly an inspiration! Your hard work has definitely paid off, and you can see it in your face how much happier you are. You look amazing!! Beautiful work!! 
Is it just me, or does losing weight make people seem a lot younger? Apart from the body looking amazing, this guy's face looks a few years younger.
You just gave me a lot of confedence that I can do it. Thanks man
This is some of the best inspiration I've gotten from progress pics. Just come be my personal trainer dude.
Good job!
Wow that mustve taken alot of dedication and will power.  Good work.
That's fucking amazing
amazing, congrats!
DAMN!!!! 

That's really all I got.
Great job man!  Keep it up!  Your hard work is showing!
Holy shit! Congratulations man! That is awesome. I'm very happy for you.  :) 
Wow. Just wow. Congratulations. 
You look awesome! Do you have any advice for food for someone who is working towards losing weight in a low-income situation? I weigh 330 and have a good bit of muscle and I am looking to lose about 100 pounds. My biggest bane for my weight loss has been sugary drinks as I don't eat sweets.
You know I'm always surprised by how attractive fat people look once they've lost weight. I don't think I've ever seen a fat person who didn't look absolutely great once they got in shape, and you're certainly no exception!
[deleted]
Sweet Christ, you lost more than I weigh. I went from 180 to 155, so you essentially lost me along the way. Seriously you look like you're years younger than before too. 
Dude, you look happy. Congratulations!
Oh shit you're the guy that got me into keto! I lost 52 pounds in 5 months and I'm still going strong!
Wow... The observation that you were 45-50% fat... Wow.  Mad props. What a journey!!
Impressive
[deleted]
[deleted]
Good fucking job
holy FUCK
holy shit bro.  cheers!!!
Fuckin' eh

Good on ya, man!
Holy cow thats amazing
do you even lift?

great job btw!
Kudos to you! :D
Holy shit! Well done!
Nice iPhone upgrade bro
This is actually one of the most amazing transformations I've ever seen. Very inspirational
Was not expecting to see 215 pounds of muscle.  You clearly worked your ass off.  Nice job.
Dude. Fuck you! That's amazing!!! You've inspired me my friend!! No excuses! 
I have to go to sleep now, but I have pinned the video for watching when I wake up. My curiosity is hooked.
Hey I have that shirt 
damn, good for you!!
Wow you look incredible! Much power to you. Hopefully I can find the motivation to do the same. 
what the fuck?  You were getting the bitches even when you were fat. 

But how do you just go from eating whatever the fuck you want to controlling your diet and working out?  I don't know how to change what I eat.  McDonalds is too cheap and I don't know how to plan/cook to eat healthier.  

I don't know how to workout either.  I can go and use the machines but there is no routine.  I end up leaving feeling tired and like I just used the machines and that it wasn't a "workout".  

also, how badly was your skin stretched.  It looks like your nip is below your pec. 
[deleted]
you look like you lost twenty years
but.... how?
It is almost 12am and you literally just inspired me to go for a morning run tomorrow. Great job!
You lost as much weight as I weigh.   I can't even comprehend that.  Truly impressive.  And you are in much, much better shape now than I ever have been.  Go you!
I cant find a height anywhere, but you look more fucking ripped than I did at my peak in the Army. That includes PT and jumping out of planes. Good on you man! Goddamn that's just unreal. 
This wasn't just a weight loss thing, you can tell your self-esteem and self-respect changed for the better. You started taking care of yourself, you shaved your head (which looks *way* better) and wore nicer clothes. Good on ya. :)
Bro I have to commend you, that is a ridiculous change! Keep on trucking on man!!
Wow! Congratulations. The initial sessions developing your workout routine must have been brutal. Good on you for sticking with it.
The best thing about this is not so much the loss of 160 lbs, but the fact you look as if you've lost ten years or so. Well done, long may it continue!
FUCK YEAH, BUDDY
[deleted]
Awesome man! Looking amazing! 
That gave me chills. Congratulations!
Holy hot damn :O

Amazing job! I cannot guarantee I will not use these photos as a source of inspiration.
My panties fell of when I reached the arm pic. Good job! 
Congrats on your success! I still noticed some loose skin around your abs and chest area. Does the skin get tighter over time or is there any way to tighten the loose skin? Im only asking because i am in the same situation 
As a guy who started at 380-390, and has stalled at a little under 340 after 4 months, this is just the kind of inspiration I needed to get my ass in workout mode.
How the hell did your genetics change so drastically, so suddenly?
Oh wow, you look so much healthier and happier! How would you say your life has improved, like are certain things easier or better now?

I was slightly overweight over the summer (I have Crohn's and was put on some awful steroids, which make you balloon), but I've lost it now - only 13lbs, but I'm really short -and even that has made a huge difference :)
Dude this is insane! Eternal High 5's to you!
Wow...
Be fucking proud of yourself
You OWNED that shit man! No excuses, only gains. How is that not inspirational to others, especially if they're overweight. I mean, in one year you were able to relatively undo 20 years of bad habits, ONE FUCKING YEAR, a drop in the hat compared to all the years you have left and the years that came before. This deserves an 'atta boy!
I remember the first time you posted. You sir are a badass and should be considered a damn legend in this sub.
Fokkin shredded brah
Holy shit.
1/10 - Ewwwww ...

2/10 - Nope.

3/10 - It's /r/Eyebleach time.

4/10 - Didn't get further than the caption.

5/10 - Seriously ... this angle again?

6/10 - Wait ...

7/10 - ... what?

8/10 - OH! MY! GAWD!

9/10 - Pick me up and fuck me now.

10/10 - You're not the only one smiling.  Cum.  Literally.  Everywhere.
Bravo, man. Fucking bravo. You're awesome!
Absolutely impressive.  Way to go!
Good Job !!!

dam dude, nice job.

[deleted]
Amazing, well done big guy, ur a dedicated champion 
Congratulations!! You look fantastic :)
Got fit and embraced the bald. Solid work.
Wow great job!
Holy shit dude you make me want to hit the gym now. You did it
Amazing, great job.
Simply wow! I'm sure many women (and men) turn round to look at you when you are walking down the street now. 
Yo what's your diet man? And workout routine?
Absolutely amazing- all hail King of the Shitlords!
...Jesus christ. I need to go do some fucking push-ups...*now*.
Damn dude. You're the freakin king of progress pics. Goddamn inspiration. If anyone has earned bragging rights, it is you.
You look AMAZING!!!!  Thank you for the inspiration!!! :)
Dude. Are you the living photograph guy from tosh.0????
Dude, you look 30 years younger.  Great job!
Wow good job man!
Thats an astounding change, you will literally live 20-30 years more by changing your body like this, keep it up man.

Also, and this is from one dude to another, shave your head bro. You seem to have a bit of a recessive hair line so going completely bald will make you look much better.
Awesome, I am almost there myself!
Scrolling, scrolling... Damn, son! Well done.


awesome job man. I'm not doing nearly as well as you. Only down about 60 lbs in the same amount of time. That being said I cut out the sweets, sodas, fast food etc awhile ago and in the last month started doing a more intensive workout. Even though I have lost weight and my friends and family have commented on how I look. How much better I feel is just incredible. I have so much more energy, sleep better. it's fantastic.
This is a truly astonishing transformation, OP. It's incredible that you accomplished this in a year--you must have such a strong work ethic. :) Super inspiring!
Damn that is just incredible. You de-aged and got more attractive in a year. How did people at work react over time to changes in your outlook and physically? I saw early upthread that someone assumed you were 40 when you first came in.
This looks like a god damn commercial, you impressive son of a bitch!
Wow, congrats! That is truly awesome! First time I've been this impressed on one of these posts!
Hey he looks a like i see sometimes on a4a.
[deleted]
This is awesome. Good for you man you look great. One thin dude to another.
I scrolled through the gallery and was like "yeah...meh...yet another of those stories" until I hit the first ripped arm flex picture and was like "DAAAAMN DUDE!".
Seriously that's impressive! 
Congrats
good for you, keep at it 
Good on you man! Glad you got healthy!!
Holy crap, what an amazing transformation! First time my jaw has dropped while looking at transformation pics. You look great, kudos to you and your determination :) 
I'm sure this will get buried...Awesome job! You look fantastic!

Questions:
I work close to full time, and I go to school full time most of the year. I'm constantly on the road driving, and I rarely feel like I have time.


Were you working or going to school? I can't imagine finding hours a day to work out and eat healthy?
Mirin. Love seeing these kind of transformations! 
If you would have taken propecia you could have saved your hair too. That doesn't even take any effort. It's also very cheap when bought as generic finasteride.

That's a heads up to anyone who can detect any thinning at all. It's not going to stop - unless you take propecia (generic finasteride recommended since it's so cheap)
Holeee shit. Great job man.
This is amazing dude, I actually said "Oh DAMN" when I scrolled through. Great work!
Your post made my eyes widen a fair bit in surprise and I wanted to say congrats.
holy shit bags!!!!!!! 100% awesome!
what is f2f, also crazy transformation makes me feel like a fat ass for sitting on my couch all day. 
> I'm ~~kinda~~ fucking ripped now

FTFY :P Great work!! You look good and that confidence is great to boot! You're inspiring!
That is incredible. 1 year too!? You must feel amazing. Do you remember what was in your head when you decided to start on day 1?
You are officially a hero. What an amazing transformation. Thank you so much for your inspiring post! It takes a LOT of hard work to achieve such wonderful results. Kudos to you and keep it up. You're a BEAST, man!
You, my sir, are a fine man, have an up vote for you success!
You're one bad dude.  Keep on keepin' on.
Fuck yes dude, nice fucking tris. 
Goddamn bro! What an amazing transformation! You're looking shredded. Congratulations, dude. 
Bro. Woah. Bro. 
[deleted]
**ONE** year?!! Holy Toledo, buddy. You have literally worked your ass off, and what a transformation! You must be so proud!
You're a fucking pimp. For real man. Awesome job.
Damn dude that's amazing. Kudos
This just really inspired me. Im not this much over weight but still 6'2 295 trying to get down to 220-240. I have a very large frame so I feel like any slimmer wont look right but I will have to see. I suffered an ankle injury at the gym over a year ago and haven't been the same since mentally but something here just inspired me. The working out part isnt hard its the diet. Im such a picky eater and no matter what I do I cant change it and I fucking hate it. Thank you for this. Today is my day of thats enough!
Dude. Good fucking work. Great job.
Dude, you totally got me. I'm by no means gigantic, but I'm definitely heavier than I'd like to be @5'11"/215 lbs. The weight has been creeping up ever since I left the Air Force in 2009 at a lean mean 180.

  I'm not so hot on the keto because I love the fuck out of some bread and I really enjoy my beer and liquor, but I could see myself getting way into the body-weight exercises and calisthenics. I could also use a revamp on my portion control. I'm a mean cook and food is delicious, you know? 

  Awesome post and amazing transformation, you sexy bastard! I'm motivated like a motherfucker. 
Great work man. Looking great! I'm down 79 lbs now doing keto 255-176 started in October and feel great. I'm 4 lbs from my goal weight but it's hard not to keep going. I did the first 75lbs with just diet and stalled for a while so I've been working out the last 3 weeks. I can't wait to post my success story. Must feel great!
That's fucking awesome dude. 
God Damn! Good for you man!
Jesus, great job, dude.
[deleted]
This is amazing, such a transformation! I'm on week 7 of ketoing and it just inspires me to keep at it - lost 24lbs so far and I'm loving my high energy, and not feeling discomfort! Thanks for being an inspiration! 
absolutely fucking incredible

good for you man!
I'd buy you a drink of I could. Major accomplishment. Best of fortunes to your future!
Wait,  that only took you a year?  Fuck, you've just given me a reality check...
Holy shit brah...
GG OP: Replies to every comment.

Good work, man. I normally downvote submissions about progress since this isn't /r/progresspics, but your progress is incredible.
Dude congrats, seriously that's a hell of a transformation. I'm sure you get this all the time, but I had a couple questions OP:
1. How did you do it. Did you take anything while you were working out, like protein?
2. At what percent body fat did your abs start to poke out like that? Currently weighing in at about 140-145. and I've been trying to get my and to come out for years, but there's still some stomach fat I can't get rid of. I fluctuate between 15% and 13% now and again. Of course the13% is on a really good day.  
3. What was your routine like at the gym?

Once again awesome job. You're really an inspiration to people out there that want to transform themselves into the person they wanna be. Also thank you if you answer my questions!
Jesus, that's goddamn amazing. Extremely good work!
Good on you OP! I bet your friends can't believe the transition. You're awesome man.
Wow, that's incredible. Congratulations. I just have one question for you, do you or did you have any issues with loose skin? 
Any tips for bulking muscle I've got my legs nailed just need to work on my endurance and arms. Thanks :)
congrats on getting healthy, I'm at the beginning of my weight loss journey, hopefully in a years time i'll have made awesome progress too
Damn freaking hell man, looking jacked as Dwayne Johnson!
I'm not fat or anything, but I'd like to get ripped, and you are an inspiration!
I'm not a whale by any means but I really need to shed some pounds because diabetes is in my family. We are all relatively fit people but are hyper sensitive to sugar, carbs and belly fat. Your post has made me realize how many excuses I've been making for myself this past month and how I need to stop because my eating habits are going to get me to fat land. Thank you.
That's amazing! How did you do it?
I'd hit that
Good grief, man! This is an awesome story, well done. The folks at /r/keto would love to see your progress, BTW. I'm stalling and you've inspired me to press on.
Holy fuck, man! You look amazing!
I'm new to reddit, and have been an experienced LC'er, but I am just now going to start keto. I came to /r/keto because i was looking for a new forum for information, Q&A, and motivation. I stumbled onto hitogokoro's story whilst there last week, and I cannot tell you how motivating his story has been! All week long I keep thinking about his transformation and the fact that he went from almost 400 pounds, to being able to do between 10-20 chin/pull ups. 

Bro, thank you for sharing everything. I come and look at your pictures to put me at peace when my mind is racing and telling me I'll never be able to do it! 
You rock 
[Sploosh](http://imgur.com/gallery/ZGEdOmT)
Holy shit. I'm not even close to being out of shape (dude, 5'9ish, 130) but I'm mad lazy. I've been wanting to bulk up, eat healthier and this is definitely motivation for me. Great job man. 
I lost 30 pounds in the same timeframe as you. Went from 290 to 260, got lazy, ate shitty but worked out just enough to not gain anymore weight. I actually got into a bit of a funk due to this. 

You sparked a fire in me, I've gotten back into it. I don't think I can match your results but you've shown me if I try harder, if I can get at least a quarter of what you've managed, I'd be much happier. 

Thanks man.
So awesome. 
You look really great. 
I like your air in the before photos...that whispy thaaang at the front. 
As a fat bastard. How you do this? 
What the fuck this is wicked amazing.  Great work!
Dude, congratulations on your achievement. You're an inspiration. Seriously, good on you.
Goddamn!  That's amazing!
Dafuq dem abs come from bro? Congrats. 
I know you have no idea who I am but I am so stinkin proud of you! 
Holy shit man. Good for you!
Man, you look like those guys in the 'Secret trick' ads. Fucking unbelievable what the difference is. Congrats!
[deleted]
FUuuuuuuuck Yeah! This is what I am talking about. You took it and realized it was a problem and did something about it. Congrats Bro... This is what it is about, doing good things for yourself. 
How did you avoid excess skin?
His smile in the last picture just brightened my day :)
...You're my hero
No amount of exercise can bring back that hairline.
you look and sound fantastic! 
I wanted to make some witty comment, but couldn't come up with anything good.

OP, you're just awesome.
Damn! I saw the halfway picture and I assumed that was it and I was still impressed. You really surprised me with the current pic. Go you!
Wow, you killed it. Welcome to the club, we have so much privilege. *self statisfied sniiiiiiifffffff*
Wow bro, you got fuckin' hot. Congrats.
Dude, you are fucking awesome.
Impressive work! A true testament to what one can accomplish!
Fucking right on man! Seriously, that's amazing! Well done!
incredible
You look so much happier and healthier! Congrats!
Holy Shit!!!
I am in the same position you were entirely, except 40 pounds less. I want to change, I know I can, and I know how. I just can't seem to find the will to do so. 

I'm almost 21 and have, throughout my entire life, been quite obese and always tried to fix it. If I begin to succeed I just seem to shoot myself down and end up back at square one. 
Fuck yeah brother, way to go. Never stop grinding, there truly are no excuses
[deleted]
Time to go have sex
Not f2f, fat 2 fucking ripped
Congratulations!
Wow. You look like a total badass. Congrats on your progress. I know making that much change in a year involved a lot of hard work, and days where it didn't feel worth it, but your quality and longevity of life will reward all that hard work. 
Oh shit dude you look great!
well hello there ;)
Your muscles are the muscliest.
Holy crap nice job man!


I would have never know it was you!
Fucking awesome man, keep it up!
Fucin' hell bro, that's insane.

Great job man :D
Damn!  That's a HUGE difference.  Congrats!
[deleted]
Fuck yes! Stay strong. Won't be hard with those fucking arms, dude! Congrats!
Good job dude
I don't know you but I'm very proud of your success and dedication!!! Well done!
Great job dude 
The tale of Doradus

Foodbro will be a legend among men. I would be honored to know him.
>chillbro bails

I don't know why but I lost my shit at this line.
Chillbro MVP
[deleted]
I love a happy ending.
Where does one find/become a "foodbro?" Everything I want to be in life.
I like how everyone in this story has a clear cut personality trait like: stoner, awesome chef, mediocre guy and then there is OP. I think OP was the guy who had the amazing ability to remember whole conversations word by word.
This is the fucking bible of FPS.
Beautiful story. Happy ending. 9.95/10
Sweet, sweet justice. Also, what an overall awesome story. 
Would that every one could have a Foodbro for a roommate.  Chillbro wouldn't be bad either.  OP-bro seems alright to me.
This is so awesome. The best story in this subreddit. 
This could be an epic sitcom. 
3 guys and a whale 

Chillbro is my favourite. Just chillin'.
This story made me tear up, the kind of tears that come when you see true evil put down and good finally wins out.
This is truly the best one yet.
Fucking incredible. Drinks all around.
Incredible FPS.
Every so often I come back and reread this story because I love it so fucking much
I like this tale.  It's a good tale.

I'ma call you talebro, bro.
This is fucking great. One of the greatest tales ever told to human beings. 
i feel happy for foodbro
> **[doradus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doradus)** invited the rest of the large magellanic cloud and ...

This had me cracking up.

^^3rd post, just below the middle of the textblock.
I fucking despise Doradus.
[A masterpiece, a triumph greater than fiction.](http://i.imgur.com/rzjxx.gif)
Thank you for posting this, hilarious!
That story was epic.
Favorite FPS thread so far. 
Im so happy 
which board was this from?
Fucking yes. This is the good feeling I look for. 
Pardon the ignorance but what the fuck is a beta-hunter? 
[deleted]
God, that was beautiful. So beautiful.
Goddamn that made me mad. I'm glad it turned out alright.
I remember reading this story live as it was being posted on /fit/
My god I forgot to save screencap of it and I thought it was gone forever. 
As I'm sure yuo know by now....this story was awesome. Foodbro sounds like a total Boss. 
The discovery of this post has brightened my life.
Great story. Thanks for the share.
Truly, a tale that shall be remembered through the ages.
is this from 4chan?  Such good storytelling
Best. Fucking. Story. I. Have. Ever. Read. In. My. Entire. Life.
Thank you op :D
Foodbro reminds me of Jonah from Tomb Raider.
amazing.
> beta beta beta beta beta beta beta

Change the fucking record, you wannabe übermensch.
Asthma Medication

As goofy as this sounds, a lot of medication can seriously throw off your appetite or metabolism. On certain antidepressants, I gained about thirty pounds in six months. I was *always* starving. Steroids do the same. My mom calls them "steroid munchies".
[deleted]
my asthma meds back then made my heart go like the clappers.
Prednisone can cause some hefty weight gain....
This happened to me, steroids for severe asthama massively boosted my appetite when I was young. 

I have now dropped 10 stone, just had no excuse for not doing it sooner. 

Damn hamlogic. 
Now I'm imagining a cheeseburger inhaler.
My aunt gained a lot of weight as a young teen because of her puffers.
What I was warned about while rarely if never (If the devil himself were to come into my lungs and prevent me from breathing) taking the steroid to boost lung strength is the RISK OF INFECTION. That I was put at risk of infection and I may have had to stay out of the sunlight a little more. It's been nearly 10 years so my memory is a little fuzzy (even my inhalers have expired)

**However** the inhaler that you take makes you hyper/energetic as hell. Seriously if you need a quick boost it works. 

**ADDENDUM**: A lot of people can grow out of asthma. I've known people whom have seen it be completely gone from their lives. Sadly, I'm not one of them and it hits me when I push myself to or beyond my limits.
i take asthma medicine to lose weight, dat dere ephedra
I had really bad asthma as a kid and I took steroids to treat it, this is a bullshit excuse.

The best thing I did for my asthma was deciding not to use my doctor's note to get out of PE. Now I only have asthma attacks when I am around cats, damn allergies.
No likes?  People these fucking days.
In all seriousness, prednisone (crazy steroid, sometimes used for asthma), can wreak havoc on your body. I thought this was funny, seems like two friends in all good fun. Lots of funny stuff on this sub, but I don't dig the fat shaming I've seen (just a couple of posts). Not that I consider this post fat-shaming, I just wanted to put that out there, bc some of them definitely are. 
I get so mad at this. My daily medication has increased appetite as a side effect, and yet I still take care of my body.
i have asthma and i can say that the worst thing u can do for it is eat unhealthy and be fat. I have smoked cigs and weed and its not as bad as when i eat unhealthy. so id say its probably the other way around
how is this a fat people story? I thought we wanted to avoid blatant fat shaming and 'hurr durr, fats r groes'
lolwut? albuterol is thermogenic.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salbutamol#Diet_and_bodybuilding_use
Ha. I have asthma, but I go to the gym 4 times a week and I'm in track. Lots of Olympic runners have asthma (I think).
From /r/facebookwins
Prednisone and steroids lmaoo having asthma combined with chronic sinusitis made me obese as a child especially, luckily got both of that under control now as a teenager, but damn did the constant teasing as a child from my peers and even family members fuck up my perception of my body.
Fatties like their coffee creamy.

I'm glad OP faked doing what they asked, good show.
I would have done the exact same thing in that baristas position. No real friend discourages someone for changing their lifestyle for the better, let alone purposely trying to sabotage it AND FUCK THE IGNORANCE OF THEM THINKING SHE WOULDNT NOTICE HEAVY CREAM AND SUGAR YRDUFRDJKDEJEJE.


Horrible people. Why the fuck would you deliberately hurt someone's progress?
Turns out their friend is a type 1 diabetic. She's now in a coma after they decided to prank her by holding her down in the bathroom and force-feeding her an entire container of sweetened, condensed milk.
In my head this scenario happened afterwards: They tee-heed after she drank it and said 'IT WAS ACTUALLY THE GOOD KIND OF DRANK!" The women, sad that she drank her calories that day, made up for the "lost" calories by eating a salad for dinner. Double whammy for the bitches.
>That's disgusting, it probably tastes like black coffee

>black coffee, disgusting

>disgusting

my jimmies
Did they honestly think their friend wouldn't notice the difference between whole milk and skim? 
Aw shit, this hit the front page of /r/all.  Prepare for the hambeast invasion.

^^Once ^^their ^^Rascals ^^are ^^done ^^charging.
TIL there is a fat people stories subreddit. 
Sometimes I feel like slacking off from my diet, sometimes I don't run for a week or two, but then I read this crap and realize that their lives should not even almost be similar to my life. I'm going to hit the gym like it owes me money today.
Just like a fat bitch to want to inflict their misery on others. Thundercunts.
Drink your coffee black and you don't waste calories on milk and sugar, actually taste the coffee (which can be a downside depending on where you get coffee from), and generally get your coffee made first over people getting frilly white death laden drinks. 
> be winston churchill 

> be chillin with nancy astor

> bitch tells me if she were my wife she'd poison my cuppa

> mfw i'd drink it just to get away from her
Worked as a barista once. Had a person order a heavy cream latte. **WHIPPING CREAM INSTEAD OF MILK**. ~~I haven't done the math~~ Oh wait I did now. That's **EIGHT HUNDRED CALORIES** a cup. A grande latte (plus sugar syrup 200ish) is enough for an adult on a diet, for an entire day!!!
Coffee that tastes like coffee, omg you monster. 
^^^What's ^^^wrong ^^^with ^^^black ^^^coffee?
As a fat bloke trying to lose weight this angers me greatly.. :/
Like crabs in a bucket. Pulling down the ones trying to claw their way out. And then they boil them and slather them in butter...I lost my trail of thought
Coffee is black.

If Coffee is brown, it is a milkshake.
What's wrong with black coffee? I actually prefer it black. :l The way they ordered it barely makes it coffee anymore. 
>flabby fuckchunks

Starting strong. I like it.
Wow. I hope that person finds out what kind of "friends" they have and ditch them. No one needs to be hindering their progress and even then, why would you have the audacity to be that sneaky? I wouldn't trust those people as far as I can throw them and considering how massive they are, we can conclude that I wouldn't be able to get them off the ground.
Lesson: Never send a fatty to order for you... especially if you want less calories in your life.
Wink*
I would have put a paper note between the cup and the cardboard thingy saying what her «friends» tried to do....
I think the use of "fuckchunks" is my takeaway from this story
The sad part is that this probably happens very, very often.
flabby fuckchunk is my new favorite insult.
My fucking friends used to do the same shit, we were in a restaurant with a self serve soda machine. I filled it with diet coke and sat down at the table, I went to wash up & came back to regular coke. They admitted to taking it over to the machine and changing it when I accused them... Really?
>their jowls glistening with saliva

I...I can't...
[deleted]
[removed]
This was fucking hilarious.
Anon, you sly dog. 
I like this because I know I would do this myself if I was OP...
Oh man, this is perfect. /r/rage just wasn't doing it for me lately. Thanks OP.
My jimmies just circled the moon and came back.  They're panting now while I get ready to read other FPS.  With 'friends' like this who needs enemies?

*sigh* women...
I never tire of the righteousness of /b/.

No, seriously.
>I made up a greentext story, tee hee, I'm so baaad!
Actually, coffee with a bit (a couple tbsp) of cream is probably a lot healthier than skim milk and a splenda.
[F2F] I've lost over 90 pounds in the last 11 months... Here's what it did to my face

http://i.imgur.com/JLuusuI.gif
[deleted]
I thought this was r/makeupaddiction. Dat lip colour.
Well Done!!! 
Where'd you buy your new genetics?
DAAAAMN
As a make up addict...I need to know what lip color that is. 
It just hit me why fat tumblr people not only hate thin people but especially hate former fat people...they see this person and their brain tells them how beautiful they look now, but then they feel shame and anger and to defend themselves from the realization that they would look better at a healthy weight their fat-logic strikes expells those thoughts as vile hate against the thin or in your case OP the newly thin.

Seriously though awesome work keep it up, as someone who lost weight a year ago and loves to eat and especially during stressful times and in the winter, mainteneance is the long battle. I just remind myself how much I hate the gym and how hard I've worked to get to the body I want and how much I'd hate to have to re-do all that work.
fatshaming bitch.
Very nice.. if it wasn't for the shape of your eyebrows and your glasses being the same, I'd swear that was two different people
Do you ever see your reflection and get startled? It must be hard to transition from identifying as heavyset to identifying as normal. Although I'm sure it's good.
Well done. How did you do it?
That was one thing I loved about losing weight. I have my great grandma's sensational Native American cheekbones now!
You have such a pretty chin/face structure now! And dat lipstick...get thee to /r/makeupaddiction to share if you haven't already. 
Love that plum lipstick in your recent photo. What is it? (If you're willing to share)
I always wonder when I see something like this how many hotties are out there buried in fatties? Like, if they knew, or if they had no idea the underlying structure was gorgeous because they were always built like a couch?
Ummm...  Wow...
My weight fluctuates quite a bit, as I go between being skinny and slightly overweight about once a year (trying now to stay permanently in good shape), and the face is always the biggest game changer. 

It's hilarious how much more attention I start getting from the opposite sex after shedding a few pounds. Definitely the biggest motivator for me when trying to get in shape.
Jaw dropped, slow applause.
Gorgeous!
And such a pretty face, too! Congratulations. :)
Holy moly! You look amazing! I am loving the make-up as well, its subtle with the added POP of the awesome color-choice of lipstick. 

Keep it up sistah!
Wow.
So beautiful! Way to go, girl! :)
You're gorgeous!  Wow congrats on the face!
Gorgeous
You look exactly like Victoria Justice!
you are beautiful in both pictures, but I'm glad you're healthier 
You look so much better now.
Just wanted to say you are gorgeous!!! Great job!! Very inspirational. 

COME AT ME SHITLORDS
How? :) 
Good job! That is far more difficult than for an average person to lose the same percentage. 

The first step is the most difficult, but it will set you up with great habits that will drastically improve your life.
Congratulations! In the end it really pays off.
Congratulations! Lookin good
Bellisimo!
I love your makeup! What is that lipstick on the right? It's perfect for you!
Congrats, you look beautiful!
Thats pretty impressive. Good job, pal.
Did you get a better camera as well? The picture on the right looks much sharper.

Anyway, congrats.
HELL YAA!  Go you.  
That's fabulous , big ups to you and your commitment to yourself 
You look amazing! Congrats! You are rockin' that lipstick :)
Dedication, persistence, strength, vision, and goals you had them. Great job! 
You look incredible,  never forget the battle is never over and keep your new lifestyle!
Thank you..one more pretty person in this world
You look really good and happy, OP! Good for you. 
Btw, your eyebrow are on point and so is dat lipcolor!
What an amazing difference, you look incredible!
Interesting, the pictures look like different people really.  
Impressive
I'm going to join the majority of comments by saying HOLY CRAP you look fantastic. Can I have your cheekbones?
You're gorgeous!  In both pictures, but the after is really WOW!
Hawt
I wish all the F2F's Happy Thin Privilege! 
http://i.imgur.com/lfRpBkW.gif
Congrsts!! Please tell me how did you finally find your motivation? I fear my laziness is killing me.
Good for you, girl! I'm envious :-) 
Stunning! 

What was your routine?
Good job! Love the name.
Too late; don't care. You were beautiful then, you're beautiful now. Congrats!

Wow, okay. I looked to the left first and thought, "Oh, what a cute girl, not bad at all," and then I looked to the right and kinda gasped. 

I dunno why I always feel guilty saying you're so much hotter, and it's an improvement...? (Maybe TiTP's "you'll just gain it baaaaack" has seeped into my brain?) You were still cute bigger. But damn, nice job. 
Beautiful! 
Good to see you're down to one chin OP! 
Just popped into say well done.
Omg you are beautiful!
Beautiful!
You were cute before, but you look a lot better now. Your glasses fit your face shape better now. Congrats on the weight loss. It takes a lot of work.
Eh, either or, you're still gorgeous if you ask me. A nice smile is a selling point for me anyway. :) 
Girl, you have a gorgeous face. Lose more and you'll be a skinny bitch. (I mean that in a good way.) ;) 
Damn OP, you're hot. If that's what it did to your face how is your ass lookin'?
Dayum. went from chubby to sexy.
I'm jealous cuz I only lost 50. Damn holidays.
I'll be the second to say "wow"!
You remind me of Victoria Justice (I hope you consider that a compliment). 

Way to go! I hope I can achieve the same success. 
This really shows what caring for your body can do for you, you look so amazing now <3 That hard work paid off! 
STOP STARVING YOURSELF YOU TWIG
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/kiM2rmG.png)

^[botmaster](http://www.reddit.com/user/sb04mai/) ^[FAQ](https://github.com/paul-nechifor/reddit-cloud#frequent-questions-and-suggestions) ^[sourcecode](http://github.com/paul-nechifor/reddit-cloud)
those cheek bones
Honestly, it's hard to tell it's the same person.  You look MUCH better, and congrats on your progress.
you look amazing!!!!!
You look amazing! Great job!! 
Gorgeous! Keep up the good work.
Amazing difference. Congrats on the hard work

you were cute before but a stunner now
I mean this in the nicest way... You're fuckin hot and I'll leave it at that 
Good for fucking you I'm so fucking inspired to do everything right now.
Beautiful! Annnd perfect lipstick for your skin tone, I might add... Keep up the good work!
That's amazing
Awe you're so pretty! Congrats on the weight loss!!
Dayum. You have a very lovely face and structure.
If I may say so, you have the most perfect cheeks.
Cue SRS shitting themselves in 3...2...
That is beyond inspiring!!!
Looking at both pictures you were always beautiful. 
[deleted]
Wow!
You went from pretty to SMOKING HOT. Congratulations! 
Damn!
You look GREAT!!!  But please do tell, what lipstick is this!?!?  Looked through the comments and couldn't find an answer!
You look like 2 completely different people. Great job.
Congratulations! You look so beautiful!
hubbah hubbah!
Hold your head up high because you put in the effort most people wont to accomplish something you wanted. Proud of you and your hard work, great job!
Hello, gorgeous! 
You are so sweet to keep  answering  "what lipstick are you wearing?" . Amazing job. 
By the way which lipstick are you wearing!? :)
NICE!. congrats how did.you do it?
OMG you look like clara from Doctor Who!!! congratulations Haley! 
Them cheekbones! GJ
Kick ass! The hard work paid off! I bet you have way much more energy. 
You look good! 
Fantastic transformation. You should be proud of the work you put into it, let alone your awesome results. 

So funny how even your glasses look more fashionable in your after picture.

Well done. 
you look just like my old roommate, whose name is very similar to your username...
Great job! Truely!:)
You look FANTASTIC
You have beautiful cheek bones.
 Keep up the amazing work !
You were pretty before but now... Man! Those cheeks! =D
I was like 'who's that lady next to victoria justice?' then I read the title :0 amazing!
Absolutely lovely!
congratulations!! you look absolutely amazing!! what did you do to lose all of that weight? (if you don't mind me asking :P )
What about your body? Most of done wonder's 
You have hot librarian eyes! Congrats on the victory.

EDIT: I realized after I posted this that I sound creepy. I'm a chick, who would kill to pull off hot librarian eyes, if that helps. >_>
The darker lip really looks great!
Wow you we're beautiful before! What makes it now though is that you can really see the natural definition and pretty features of your face :)
Congrats on your new self.  Makes me think I can do this too.  

As for the needless bile flung your way?  

Haters gonna hate.  
[I recently (10 months) had similar progress. I KILLED THE FUCKING BEETUS!!!! -110 lbs and went from XXL - L, 46-34 and just so god damn happy](http://gyazo.com/50d61ae02ac339cb8687f76fb7f9509c.png)
Level 5 cuteness to level 10. Awesome job! 
Holy shit! You were cute before but now you're AMAZINGLY HOT @_@
Thank you! I've always wanted to see this transformation with someone who was obviously cute when larger, because of how obviously knockout they, and you, would look when they lost some pounds. 
Hey you're a normal person now congrats
Question: Why do fat girls have horrible hair? (No fatshaming, it's a fact)
yo sup girl, shiat.
[deleted]
The hottest girl in my high school was like, *way* over weight. Nobody knew she was the prettiest. I don't know if she ever lost it or not.
Yum.

There's no way to say this without looking like a creep, but how bout an ass shot OP? You look like to went from fat to perfect thick.
pls be in london
definitely an inspiration to me i keep losing 5 then gaining back i need to motivate myself more.
[removed]
face still fat
You also learned how to do your make up better, but I'd cum on both faces
I'd like to do something to your face
Fucking beautiful. Good god. I'm sorry if this makes you uncomfortable, but Jesus Christ 10/10 would sex. 
8/10
You went from a 3/10 to an 8/10 !!!  You can see the smile in your eyes now too.
Ok cool, but what did it do to your boobs?
My question is why? Did you do it to look good? Or to be a better you living to make a real change? Just curious.
The level of sexual market value you just gained is equivalent to a man becoming a chocolate billionaire overnight
Ugh, still wayyyyyy too much makeup
Losing weight taught you how to do makeup 
I'd like to do some things to your face.
That is not the same person. The nose, eyes and teeth are not the same. 
Good job wow
[TP] Kept seeing this all over twitter this week.

That's because thin people wouldn't need a sign. We could just make the door slightly narrower than usual and watch the hilarity ensue.
Well, wwIII might be a bit of an overstatement. There'd certainly be a lot of sweating and heavy mouth breathing. 
Fat shaming does exist. I mean, stairs leading up to a store is basically the equivalent of the holocaust right?
It'd be better if the sign read "If you're fat, this is where it's at!"
What's the backgroundstory?
[deleted]
looks like there is a skinny girl right behind her
As if the fat people would engage in any form of exercise, instead of just complaining and whining

Edit: I am not gonna read all the replies. that would burn too many calories for mah curves
If you're wide, then stay outside! 
She is a train wreck! Google her images. This is a good one: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2181934/Gemma-Collins-appears-overdone-blusher-Joey-Essexs-birthday-party.html
I remember reading about a party some celebrity threw (Nicole Richie maybe) where she had a scale at the door for the women to step on, and only people under 100 lbs were allowed inside. I wonder how this girl would feel about that.
Well of course they can't come in. You're blocking the whole damn doorway you lard ass. 
That would be the lamest war ever. The hardest part would be climbing over the piles of lard on the field.
That's whatshername from the Only Way is Essex. Gemma Collins. The skinny shaming is amusing but sad because she's gone through several bouts of trying to be healthy and lose weight.

Great show, highly recommend it. Especially if you enjoy heavily scripted reality shows that steadily degrade your mind. An example of wisdom from TOWIE:

i.e. "Is Pakistan the capital of India?"

..... now this is going to be a part of my comment history. Sigh.

Hmmm they would start world war 3, this pretty much how it would go;

WORLD WAR 3 mother fucking skinny bitch can't... tell.... us.... sorry... catching... my.... breath... fuck it im going to eat a tub of ice cream.

Why can't we just stop the body-shaming full stop?
If you are fat you should not eat that?? I dont know..
To be completely not dumb here. Can't she get shut down or heavily fined for this? It is a clear form of discrimination. Right? Technically being "thin" or "fat" is not a protected class,  but she is refusing service to a type of people based purely on bullshit reasons.

I also understand the "right to refuse service" to anyone, but that has very real limits. Refuse only blacks? Sued. Refuse only Hispanics? Sued. Refuse only fatties? Sued.

So she can't possibly refuse service to all thin customers.
I'm pretty sure they don't need the sign at Forever 21 and Rue 21.

This was probably for a plus-side boutique.
At a certain point it's not about "being curvy" or "loving the body your in," it's a matter of health and being healthy. You shouldn't just accept being overweight with pride.
Am I the only one that noticed she is wearing that big material waist band thing that's made to hold in your gut for you to look skinnier?
As a former fatty, I would agree. I hate all this PC fat people love and respect
If you're fat stay where you're at!
well you would expect someone who looks like a giant baby to act like one, i suppose.
I think she's talking about her vagina. 
Well......no one is getting in with ham planets clogging the door way that's for sure
They must have some ugly ass clothes in there 
It would he bad for business if restaurants stopped letting in fat people though.
They just want all the food for themselves.
If you're fat, I'm not touching that.
Am I the only person who would want to avoid this place anyway just to stay away from the fat people...?
That's because you're blocking the entrance, fatty.
The sign should read , " Fat women should NEVER wear yoga pants " 
I would make one "If you are FAT, it's time to DIET" 
Well... If the door were any narrower, then fat people are literally not allowed in. 

Note to self: must have a narrow door; must open to a flight of stairs up. 
Only as long as world war 3 was within arms reach, and covered in mayonnaise.
What a large woman in charge of the troll tolls.
They have it wrong. WWIII would not start. That would require effort, and their cundishunz won't let them. 
Even better. A place where fatties can go and just be fat together away.
Isn't there a skinny chick directly behind her? the girls jawline seems to suggest this is a joke and not serious but that's just my personal opinion.

I'm glad they put up that sign, otherwise I wouldn't know that nothing would fit me!!
Skinny people would win that war
Abercrombie and Fitch's CEO said something similar. There was a huge public and media backlash.
man fuck this bitch
How about "If you're fat, you're not coming at"?

Disclaimer: I suck at rhyming.
She looks like the disgusting fat version of an attractive girl I know.  Also kind of like the shit demon from Dogma.

edit: [this guy](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100724011316/monster/images/3/39/Golgothan-demon1.jpg)
No doubt!
If your fat, just turn back.
Haters gonna hate. Hog!
If it was the other way around we could just say the door wasnt wide enough.
If you're fat, there's no turning back
"If you're fat, stay the hell back"
If you're fat, you're not coming out.
What the fuck does this even mean?
How does one get followers on twitter 
What is "Thin?" I'm technically "overweight" by 8 pounds. Does that count?
...south park has it right. Just hate on everybody
Maybe I'm wrong, but to the right of her isn't there another girl that's very thin?
Well yeah, because it wouldn't rhyme.
So the high ground in ww3 would be even MORE valuable.
There is a thin girl behind her in the store!!!! Stupid!
Lady to her left looks pretty thin just sayin'
That would take too much effort. They would probably go and post on tumblr ranting about thin privilege. 
If you can fit through the door you can't come in. 
Nothing of value was lost
I would write a sign in response that just says, "If you're fat... You're fat."

What rhyme can you make as a comeback to this though?

If you are thick, out you will be kicked.
/r/fatpeoplehate
That woman is fat, very dumb, and a cunt
LOL SHE IS FAT
Fair enough, do without my custom, and that of my friends, family and everyone I know.  
Get your lives together, you fat morons!
[deleted]
Funny, I've seen it all over reddit this week.
How /fit gaybros deal with fattie at the gym (x-post from r/gaybros where it was removed by an overly sensitive mod)

My jimmies are serene and satisfied. 
I want to believe.
>The sex we had when we got home was so good I swear we both should be pregnant by now

I laughed so hard and found myself wishing I could high-five the guy that wrote that. True or not, that line is brilliant.
[deleted]
If this is a real story, that's amazing. 
If this is a fake story, that's amazing.
If being gay was a choice, this would convert me. 

Edit: This story makes me wish I could be gay and find dreamy boys like the OP. Didn't realize I had to spell that out! Cheers everyone. 
My personal list of things that never happened:

1. This.
It's more likely than you think.
[deleted]
My Jimmies have morphed into St. James.

T-Thanks /fit/...

N-no hetero...
[deleted]
I would have retorted back that gluttony was a sin
/r/thathappened
What gym has the treadmills facing the weights area? Why was the guy on the treadmill watching men lifting weights? I think if this was true, the treadmill guy was totes gay.
not really a FPS, more of a story with a fat person. No fat logic here.
/r/thathappened 
Not gay, but that reaction was epic.
Never happened.
This is made up and never happened.
why would /r/gaybros remove this?
Gay or not.  There is never anything wrong with giving a hot man a peck on the cheek in the gym
Ofc the mod is overly sensitive, he is probably a faggot.
Dear diary, OP wasn't a breeder today. 
shitthatneverhappened.txt
If there's anything this subreddit needs more, it is faggot sex.
If you call people out in public, they're going to have to defend themselves to save face. It's just a bad idea. 
My jimmies have calmed after being rustled by the start of the conflict within this story. What is this i hear? The birds chirping a calm soothing Rhythm.
That was beautiful.
Probably my favorite story on this so far.
Cool story.
i cant upvote this enough!

gettin real tired of people makin all christians look bad
the holocaust just read this and yelled "jeez this is so freaking fake"
I.... Didn't like that.
Out of things that didn't happen, this is a unicorn.
>boyfriend gets cocky

>cocky

So we can assume he's the "top" right?
Fags 
TIL I am a lesbian who loves gaybros (or at least these ones).  
Wow that was to gay for me. 
I don't have a problem with gay people, but I feel like homosexuality is constantly being shoved in my face.
Man, this comment section is full of homophobia and jerks today. What is up with that? :T 
Didn't really need that last part in there but sweet justice is had.  Faggots 
When my fat roommate finally got what she wanted
Thanks to /u/zunii for reminding me of this story ;)

Also, my first shot at telling a story without greentext.




Back when I was 15, I had to attend boarding school.
My roommate was an obese girl, almost 240 pounds, also 15 years old.

This girl was stuffing her face 24/7, I shit you not. Even during the night, she would wake up and start eating chocolate or drink soda. It was pretty much like living with a pig, and our room was tiny.

Back then I had quite a lot of medical problems, one being my blood sugar was unstable as fuck. My dad was born with diabetes, and my doctor told me I would get it too, if I didn't watch my sugar intake (not really the way it works, but I was a dumb teen, cut me some slack)
Generally I didn't snack much on anything besides vegetables.

My pig of a roommate didn't believe this. She thought it was something I had made up because I didn't want to share my snacks with her, and she was pretty furious about it.
Her logic about this was really shitty, like because she didn't like the taster of water, she couldn't imagine anyone else would drink anything besides soda.
She told me more than once, the day she found my secret stash, she would eat/drink it all, and she started going through my stuff when I wasn't in the room. 

About 4 months in, I had to do a project in biology about plants, but unfortunately I was pretty clueless bout how to even keep a plant alive.
During the following weekend, I asked my plant-lover mom about it, and she told me I should love it, water it and give it some fertilizer. At the time, she made her own fertilizer and she told me she would pour some in a bottle and put it in my bag, then I could use it on my own plant.

Sunday evening I had forgotten everything about it, and when I arrived back at the boarding school, I tossed the bag on my bed and went to the bathroom to do my business and take a shower.

When I get back to my room, I found miss piggy, my lovely roommate, puking all over the floor. On the floor laid the empty soda bottle from my bag, I had forgotten all about.
Turn out she had raided my bag the moment I was out of the room. When she found the soda bottle, she apparently tried to drink it, thinking it was ordinary soda I was hiding from her.

Not only did she get punished because she had finally been caught stealing red-handed and had to clean up the mess herself, she was sent home shortly after, because she kept telling everyone I had tried to poison her.

About a month later I asked my mom what exactly the ingredients of her  fertilizer consisted of, and she told me it's was wet horse manure mixed with boiled, gemfree water. 



TL;DR - Greedy roommate thinks I am hiding snacks from her, and gets angry. Drinks fertilizer, because she confuses it for soda.
[deleted]
This is by far one of the most satisfying stories I have ever read on this sub, thank you so much for sharing OP!  
Mah jimmies are healed of all rustling 
Holy shit, even if it had been soda what gave her the right to just take it? That mentality of "you have to share your treats with me" is fucking disgusting
Wow, that is some entitlement. She thought she was entitled to steal your food, and to a larger degree than most other thieving ham planets here.
My roommate just jacks all day and I thought that was bad before reading this 
I'm crying oh my god. As sooon as I saw 'fertilizer' I was thinking OH YES!
i'm just curious as to how she couldn't smell it upon opening the bottle.
Thin Privilege is not being forced to eat shit.
Ahahaha that is so awesome! This reminds me of me & my brother, he would always steal my food if I walked away for like 30 seconds. I got him back by accident as well, one day I came home from work with a cheeseburger that I was going to eat in the comfort of my bedroom after my shower. Well, when I had gotten home, I put some Sriracha on said burger and put my food in my room before taking a shower. I got out of the shower, my food was gone, and my brother was crying in his room.

My mom came out of her room to see what was going on, and I told her that my brother had eaten my cheeseburger and apparently couldn't handle a little bit of (okay, a lot of, I like hot sauce) Sriracha. Mom grounded my brother for stealing my food, and my dad tried to blame me for "setting up" my brother to eat that. I looked him dead in the eye and said, "It's 9pm, I have been out since 6am, and I haven't eaten all day. If you honestly think I had no intention of eating the food I paid for, you have some serious problems." That ended all arguments, and my brother was grounded for a month and had to pay me back for my food.
This is glorious.  We have the hamplanet who thinks you are claiming concerns about your health as an excuse to not share food with her, who dislikes the taste of water, ends up drinking horse excrement, and claims you tried to poison her.  I can only imagine how that conversation played out.  

My jimmies will sleep in peace this evening.
> and she told me it's was wet horse manure mixed with boiled, gemfree water.

Aww, that's horseshit! The ingredient, if course. Not the justice. 
Who in their right minds would drink anything from someone else's bottle? I'm assuming it's been opened. She must be addicted to soda. I also don't get how she doesn't like the taste of water either. Unless it's bad quality, it doesn't taste like anything.
Justice so sweet, it'll give you diabetes.
[deleted]
SNIFF TEST! SNIFF TEST!!! If it smells like crap, then it probably is.
Reminds me of the time in middle school when a kid who used to bully my friends and I took a tin full of jelly beans from my desk and ate them all in one go without my permission.

They were Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, with all the good flavors picked out, so they were all flavors like "bogey", vomit, ear wax, and dirt. 

He teared up, and so did I, albeit for an entirely different reason.
>At the time, she made her own fertilizer and she told me she would pour some in a bottle and put it in my bag, then I could use it on my own plant.

It was at that point I realized that this story was about to get really satisfying 

Other stories from /u/GrumpyCatViking:

* [My jimmies are rustled - a short FPS](http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplestories/comments/1oehox/my_jimmies_are_rustled_a_short_fps/)

* [Hamplanet at an art exhibition - A short FPS](http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplestories/comments/1q7cab/hamplanet_at_an_art_exhibition_a_short_fps/)

* [When my fat roommate finally got what she wanted (this)](http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplestories/comments/1s73lm/when_my_fat_roommate_finally_got_what_she_wanted/)

* [Cafeteria drama](http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplestories/comments/1sbesn/cafeteria_drama/)

_____
^If ^you ^want ^to ^get ^notified ^as ^soon ^as ^GrumpyCatViking ^posts ^a ^new ^story, [^click ^here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=BeetusBot&subject=subscribe&message=subscribe%20/u/GrumpyCatViking)^.

^(Hi I'm BeetusBot, for more info about me go to /r/beetusbot)

Jesus, this is great.

What the hell kind of person is such a fatass they need to raid their roommates food?
The bottle being empty when done is most horrifying aspect. 
What I love about this story is that she drank the entire bottle of shitwater. Not,'Wow this literally tastes like poop, I'm going to drink it.' But,'This is not mine and looks unhealthy. I'm going to drink it.' 
I can't stop giggling!
A nice title for this would have been:

Eat shit? Eat shit.
I honestly don't understand how anyone can get that fat. if i drink a soda or two i feel like shit and immediately start drinking water. honestly, i don't eat the best but drinking soda and eating in the middle of the night? i just don't get it. how can people do this shit to themselves and not feel like complete ass after doing it?
When I went to military school, I had a roommate who wouldn't do his laundry and was too retarded to wipe his ass properly, so all of my underwear ended up having his shit stains all over it.

Eventually I just hand-washed the same pair I wore every day in the sink and dried it with a blow dryer while standing in a towel in the communal bathroom.

I eventually got a new roommate. 

The shitty thing is he was studying for his bar mitzvah with this fucking annoying cantor and I either had to listen to them do their shit or leave my room during my study time. I get rid of this clown and the next dude I get is Jewish and he's studying for his bar mitzvah with the same goddamned cantor. 

That was a miserable year. The next roommate I had after that was a kleptomaniac.

Seriously, never send your kids to boarding school.
Protip: add cinnamon and apple slices to water. Gives an amazing flavour and the ingredients are okay to stay in the jug for a couple of days.
I don't understand how it was all that different than her gorging on the usual shit she ate.
[She had it coming.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYmMagkfjfI)
Dumb fucking bitch
Ah hahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!

So, so, so satisfied with the punch line.
Revenge! This story is satisfying. Girl seriously needs help. 

My boyfriend likes to drink anything I leave out and I had brought over rum in a xxx vitamin water bottle for a party, the next day I'm at work and he's about to hit the gym, thinking oh, vitamin water will be good for me (the color is completely off to what vitamin water looks like) and chugs half of it.  He went to the gym pretty today. Serves him right! 
You should post this on /r/pettyrevenge also
On a positive note, i bet she lost a few pounds, from throwing up....
Eat shit roomie
!
Ms. Piggy lucked out most farmers use chicken shit as fertilizer. Horse poop is basically a very dry brownie when competed to how awful the Utica acid (and God knows what else) is in that chicken shit. 
This story is pure horseshit!
I thought I knew how to make plants grow, as my grandparents were farmers, and my parents had a successful garden. I was wrong.
The funny part is she drank the whole thing
oh sweet sweet justice
Its like I got a happy ending after a great massage.
"she didn't like the taster of water" Wut.jpg
This is gold, Jerry.  Gold.
/r/JusticePorn 
Hopefully "drinking my roommate's distilled horse shit" was a rock-bottom learning experience for her.
I guess that goes to show that when you eat and drink shit all the time, you never notice the taste of the actual thing.
This was great she got it Good
I prefer my water with gems but each his own right? 
SWEET SWEET JUSTICE
Hurrah!
Mmmmmmm you smel that? It smells of karma, sweet shit filled karma.
This is great, definitely one of the best stories here.
What a weird person.
This is the greatest story ever told by humans :D
ha! this happened to me once at a science camp when my roommate drank an ink wash I had for a drawing I was working on.
TIL: Water has a taste.
[deleted]
hahahahah fat people hbgahahahah
She's shirtless! Why is she shirtless?!

At first I thought the OP was a chick and that the hambitch was jealous of OP's legit curvy figure.
I love the way aggressive assholes think they can control the level of violence in a confrontation.  "Come on, take a swing at me!  No no, don't call the cops.  No, don't stay inside your house.  Okay, I'm throwing a rock.  No, don't get your shotgun.  I SAID COME OUTSIDE AND TAKE A SWING, DAMMIT!"
Please oh please link the news report, someone from San Antonio. I want to compare stories. 
SEE AH KNEW IT! YEW COULDN'T HANDLE MUH CURRRVVVESSS SO YEW CALLED DEM COPS!! COME OUT HERE AND SEX UP MUH ROLLS LIEK A REAL MAN!!!
[deleted]
GLORIOUS TEXAS GUN LAWS
That poor child. I hope she ended up with someone saner.
Wait, WHAT ABOUT CHILD ENDANGERMENT!?
Ugh, people. Do you really think you're achieving great social change by screaming at strangers minding their own business?

"I'M ANGRY AND YOU'RE RIGHT THERE. BRREAAAGGHESLEOGS)GIFOE!"

That child is doomed.
Goddamnit, I read the title of this post in my mothers voice.

That being said, as a fellow texan, I can confirm. If you start shit, you're gonna get it back.

If you flip out that you got it back, you're gonna get made fun of.

If you throw a temper tantrum as an adult you're gonna get KTFO or shot.
How could she throw her precious doughnut?
hey im from san antonio! represent! 

  
but seriously, people get violent and most are fat
Couldn't they charge her with child endangerment too? She went apeshit on some guy, broke into his house, followed him with the intent to assault him and just left her kid to fend for herself.
if someone from this subreddit had told the story it would have been a 10 part series
The title and quote of said title made me crack up :p

10/10
Handled like a pro, please link news coverage as it applies and you'll be awesome.
I miss San Antonio :( 
>I have rattled the cage

My sides. 
also child neglet
Holy shit. I live in San Antonio I better see this shit on Kens5
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/8RKOmIp.png)

^[botmaster](http://www.reddit.com/user/sb04mai/) ^[FAQ](https://github.com/paul-nechifor/reddit-cloud#frequent-questions-and-suggestions) ^[sourcecode](http://github.com/paul-nechifor/reddit-cloud)
topkek
Wow, just wow. 
Add assulting an officer to that list?
Holy shit, nothing made me happier than the last line about this being in my city. I'll be on the lookout for this story
San Antonio has a shitload of fat people lol. 
Yes! San Antonio in the news over a fat-people story. So proud if my fat town. 
> I have rattled the cage

Absolutely lost it
To be fair, I don't think it's fair guys can run shirtless and girls can't! :p
Way to harsh my mellow! 

Intense, OP needs to provide proof of his shirtless-ness! As for the little one, poor child. Poor, poor child.
[removed]
I hope to god I see this on the news
This is a lie - there is no such thing as attempted assault. Attempted assault is a redundancy
[deleted]
Shit I want to live in Texas for those based gun laws... Well NC is okay.
Edit- a bit off topic

Damn a ham would do such a thing?
Sweet potatoes are horrible

My god...one of the best I have read so far.
>light her up

Cops don't say this, do they?
That was just beautiful. 
Oh shit, I live in NE San Antonio.
My jimmies are satisfied 
Shoulda told ol' fatty to head up to Austin. We don't have any laws against women going topless in the city. There is an occasional boob parade celebrating this fact. 

I am serious.
This story is great. Then I noticed the date and thought 12/3/2013 is likely a cooler date to be running without a shirt. Then I realized it was San Antonio (where I currently live) and it was about 80 F yesterday. I really hope I find this on Kens5
If this ends up on the news we need to know about it.
I want to believe!
If this isn't fake, I doubt it would run on local TV news, but it would definitely appear in some form of San Antonio crime blotter.
I got really excited when I saw this was from fucking yesterday and not a 4 year old archived screenshot of a greentext
Don't poke the ~~bear~~ blob. You won't be able to handel it's glorious curves when angered. 
Well, the worst part is that now she might have to deal with CPS
Did she wanna fight or fuck? I don't understand her at all..
Did the cops say that? That's pretty funny.
Sweet, sweet justice.
Hahahahahahahahaha!!!
So she started off saying that he shouldn't run around shirtless because woman can't (so feminazi shit) and then starts saying he should come out and fight her like "a real man." She got everything she deserved but in her mind, she was the victim and she will have learned nothing.
ALPHA as fuck. Finally someone willing to call these dumb cunts out
To be fair though op could have been a man about this and just ignored her.
Sheeyit, that was entertaining. Since it didn't happen to me... Seriously, Opie, you're probably 2 or 3 times as fast as she is, good job on keeping your cool, after she started breaking windows. Anyone does that to me, you might read about me in the arrest pages. I don't think I would have had the self-control to keep from hurting her, or worse.
I know this will likely be a hugely unpopular opinion here, but it sounds more like she was calling him out for going shirtless because he was male, and she isn't allowed to go shirtless as a female. It seems like he was exercising entitlement here, not her. I hate to drag this in here, but in most places in the US, "male privilege" is being legally allowed to go topless. That being said, she was the one who flipped out, even if he egged her on, and she should mind her own business. If she has a problem with the legal status of female toplessness, she should take it up with the government, not a jogging stranger.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Link to the original post?
TOO*
That's too fucking long to read. I'll pick a shorter post to deliver my amusement. 
TBH I find it kinda douchey to run shirtless at any weight, and this guy was a complete asshole getting his gun, but the justice, oh the justice
I figured this sub needs some fat anti-rage every now and then

fat or thin or whatever, people like that are my favorite. They know they don't know everything and that there's someone who knows more. So fuck, why not ask? 
Thank you, I enjoyed this.  Anyone who actually tries at the gym has my respect.   Saw an old man walk in once with his O2 tank in tow once, I hope to be half that dedicated at that age.
Well, that was quite refreshing. I'm glad to hear he's trying.
That dude is not a fat person.  He's a fit dude working his way out of a fat man's body. Props.
It's good to balance out the fat rage with happy stories.
That was nice. 
That was uplifting and refreshing, thank you OP.
I now have a smile on my face so I can sleep in happiness.
The true moral to this subreddit is that it doesn't matter what your size or skin color is, if your an ego filled douche everyone is going to hate you and call you out on it
This guy is awesome.
There is a great mutual respect in gyms that I love. No matter how you start out, no one will judge you
Awwwwhhhhhh yeeeeaaaaahhhh
