Hallelujah!

First time in a while I've seen this sub on /r/all.
What the fuck is f7u12 doing here on /r/all? Is this 2012?
WHAT YEAR IS IT
Nice, had a single chuckle. Better than 90% of this sub. It's crazy to think how I was introduced to Reddit through this subreddit but now it's gone to shit, sad really...
Wow a real rage comic. Haven't seen too many of these in a long time.
Does anyone remember like 5 years ago there was a post or two here about the character being pulled over for driving high on shrooms, and the comments just absolutely *tore* the OP apart, as if he had driven high on shrooms? It was ridiculous, and even though I've moved on from this sub I'm glad it's not like that here anymore.

Also why is this #60 on my r/all feed? it only has 427 upvotes and it's only 79% upvoted
Hello, 2010. 

2010 HOW I MISS THEE
Rage comics is what really got me into reddit.  
First rage comic I laughed at in a while. Thank you.
r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu on the front page!
[f7u12 on the front page?](http://whatyearisit.info/img/what_year_is_it.jpg)
Rage comics making a complete return is the only way 2016 can redeem itself. 
T-This is in r/all. What year am I in? What timeline is this?
Huh, I had no idea that this post would become the most upvoted post of all time on f7u12. Thanks guys!
"The lord works in mysterious ways."
This is the sub that brought me to reddit!  I can't be the only one. 
Its like Im 17 again
Le Reddit Army Is Here!
IT WORKED MY MACHINE REALLY WORKED I HAVE TO WARN YOU ALL
ME GUSTA
[deleted]
Ahh, I member this sub...
Classic
Best F7u12 post this year.

[OP right now](https://youtu.be/4rdjbrUAOUI)
Ha shit this takes me back to 10th grade, one time I printed out 2 trololo faces and stuck them in the entrance to the halls, it was some true madlads material.
Nice nostrils there officer
This comic reminded me of something a coworker told me, and I want to share to see what people think of it. He said that the best way to get out of driving drunk is to always carry a pint of liquor with a sealed top on it in ur car, and if u get pulled over turn ur car off, get out so the police cam can see u, and tear the seal and chug it. Obviously u would fail a breathalyzer, but it wouldn't prove that u were drunk while driving.
God damn, that was funny!
https://youtu.be/qMrrdsoISTg

And now I can actually comment on this 4-year-old post to bring up shitpost YouTube video basically referencing this comic lmao.
I remember when this first came out and and it killed.me
Good stuff  👍
This sub still exists? Oh my god....
I haven't been on this sub in so long...
/r/all ladies and gentlemen.
This joke is older the Earth.
Nice! This is an old post but one of my favorites. Had to scroll back a ways to find it in my "saved" tab. F7u12 with the comeback!
Garbage on my front page
Hallelujah, we are back
Seventeen thousand up votes. Five digits. Nine hundred eighty three away from a million. 
/r/comedycemetary
Back to 9GAG please. 
I read the last panel with an Irish accent.
Whats going on
classic
What seems to be the officer, problem?
That's not what this subreddit is for.
This sub is nostalgic af
OP you better be the police officer in this mess.
WTF
Holy shit I can't remember the last time I saw a rage comic on the front page. My first post to get over 1000 upvotes was on this subreddit in 2012 :P
[When this shithole shows up on /r/all](http://whatyearisit.info/img/what_year_is_it.jpg)
This is the first rage comic I've seen the wasn't literal dog shit. I'm impressed. 
Didn't know this sub existed 
This is the best rage comic I've seen in months.
Miracles still happen, guys 
Holy shit, haven't seen a /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu on the front page since 2009. Congrats, bud.
These aren't old. These are vintage.
Just commenting to be part of the history.
Awesome.
First time I heard this joke it was a priest driving and the punch line was "Christ, He did it again!"

Nice comic though.
"Its an old sub sir but it checks out".
This is one of the best rage comics ive seen in a long time. 
My god, could it be?


Rage comics on r/all? Truly this election has used dangerous meme magic 
For some reason I read this in the voice of Uncle Ruckus (no relation) from The Boondocks
I don't get it, explain please?
ITT: the very predictable "wow, something from this sub that didn't completely suck!"
How is this subreddit still alive?
This is now the most upvoted post of all time on this subreddit. Congratulations.
Holy shit, this absolutely fucking obliterated the previous record for most upvotes on the sub. Well done, OP. 
Water me please 
Sounds like something randy would say
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAOMFG DRUNK DRIVING IS SO FUNNAY!!!!!11
BACK TO THE PAST
[deleted]
??
feel like I’m visiting a historical monument
i spent all my time on this subreddit thanks to ifunny back in the day
🐐
I'm not the only one

I do the same thing but with my mouse. Screen touching is a deadly sin
Now that's a subreddit I haven't seen on the front page in a long, long time. 
A rage comic on the front page? What year is this?
Why are the fingers on your right hand backwards?
I miss this sub.
Coming soon to advice animals - dank obi wan meme with "f7u12, that is a subreddit i have not seen on the front page in a long time"
I use the cursor like a normal person 
Broh, I'm in IT. 

I open notepad and put the edge of the window there so I can come back and see later.
*10 seconds remaining...* - It is not, YOU FUCKING LIAR! I've been counting in my head for AT LEAST like, thirty seconds and you're still not done AAAAARGH!!!
There's two types of progress bars. And this is not a joke.

1. The progress bar that knows how much work it has to do (# of files to process, etc), and then progresses it by 1/# of work every time it processes each file or whatever. This is pretty hard to calculate because work #2 could take much longer than work #1. So it's just a really rough estimate.
2. The progress bar is completely unrelated and is filling up at a rate proportional to how much it's filled up. So as it gets more filled up, it fills up slower. That way, it never reaches 100% and your users have a progress bar to look at. Most progress bars are this kind of progress bar.
i dont get it

edit: thanks for explanation and fuck /u/brio_
I use the mouse curser to make sure the bar is still moving.
I did this all the time back in the dial-up days.
What year is it, 2001?
Wow, it's like you guys are me! tfw still on dial-up though. . . ^;_;
Yes but I put my mouse pointer there so I can line up the edge of the arrow perfectly and see the tiniest move.
this sub is still active? woh
Yes, you're not the only idiot in the world, I believe there's many who don't realize they could use their mouse pointer for that.
Did you seriously just repost this from FACEBOOK a day later?!?! 
epic rage comic
Just noticed that's not a mustache...
I use the mouse.
Every. Single. Time. 
I always used the mouse cursor for that. Pixel accurate ;-)
I like doing a cursor race with my mouse. I put the cursor right where the loading line is then I kinda motivate the loading line to move. Works every time ;)
I see you also play Progress Quest.
Then somone got on the phone and ruined everything. Dial-up days were a struggle.
wow FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUU subreddit still exists
This mans hands are on backwards.
This is why you have a dual monitor setup, so I can still use my mouse and not have to touch my screens.  Just position the progress bar at the split between the two monitors.
They call me a dreamer
Yep. I totally do this. 
I knew there was a reason I was still subscribed to this sub...after 50 miles of shit, there's a gem like this.
I try to follow the bar with my finger. Its harder than it sounds
& the rain will kill us all
I do it with my pointer arrow
I use my cursor 
Yes you are.
Every single time.
So true,
Reddit continuously reminds me that I am not special in any way. :[
Holy shit... This in /r/all? 

It's like I've been teleported back in time 6 years...
I do it with mah dick yo. 
A watched pot never boils, and a watched progress bar never loads.
No my friend you are not the only one. We are among you. Your not alone. (cue twilight zone music)
This is why numeric indicators are vastly superior 
It’s been a long time since /r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu was on the frontpage.
*Sigh* The number of times I've done that... ¬.¬
There needs to be a psychologist on here telling us why we do this
Very nice quality for an obscure trait....I LOVE IT! Keep it up sport.
Sometimes i stop the time it needs for one centimeter, than i calculate the time it needs to finish. Sadly it almost never works.
This place still exists? 
I always believe that it only moves when you're not looking, so sometimes I just look, hope it does it's thing then check again every few seconds.
Man oh man i thought i was the only one weird enough to do this whenever something took forever to progress
All this time, I though this meme had a weird moustache... Guess it was his arms...
I haven't had the issue of a slow download or install for years... Any large downloads, like 10gb+, I already know its gonna take a while and just do something else for a few hours. The fuck, is this 2005?
You either need faster internet, a ssd or both :)
bro...this was like the 90s unless your still running windows 95
Always do this with my mouse curser. NEVER touch my fucking screen. DAE absolutely hate it when someone who works in or with you in IT and ALWAYS touches the screen to the point you see the pixels change? Drives me mad.
dank meme bro
Not anymore after getting a good pc
Reddit makes me feel like a normal beta. Thanks.
Every. Single. Fucking. Time.

lol
Good comic!
Engage mouse cursor for precision.
Guiltyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
I do that often
NICE
I'm not alone!
Good post
He is totally not the only one.
Umm I think you are
The ring solution

1. Watch the movie again on the seventh day, and get the call telling you that you die in seven days.

2. Repeat.

3. Profit.
10/10 Definitely a masterpiece
One of the best FU comics I've ever had the pleasure of reading. 
Took me a while to realize that the TV is facing out the window. 
Dear god this is actually quality f7u12 material!! Is it really coming back? Please someone tell me this isn't a repost!
the best i've seen in a while lmao
/r/trollscience
Just put it at the top of the well, facing down into it. 
people are still making ffffuuuuu comics?
/r/comedycemetary
Is this sub really making an ironic comeback that will snowball in to an actual obsession and if your not "in on the joke" you're a normie?
Then I assume she crashes to the ground, all of her limbs dislocated... But what do you do when she rises up anyway, gets in an unnatural pose, and starts climbing the wall back towards you?
GODDAMNYOUSYMMETRAAAAAAAAAAA

[Could be worse..](http://imgur.com/a/boWFH)
* Hire Chinese to watch The Ring daily
* Make TV screens to face into meat grinder
* Scary ass chicks get ground into tasty product
* Sell the product back to the Chinese as a ground beef
* Profit  ?,!
Bitch won't see it coming.
Forgot the turbine to get infinite power
Love the joke.

But remember, she killed someone in their car through their radio.

Line all of your electronics at the edge, just to be safe.
Is this ifunny tf
I wanna die in 7 days
savaaaaaaaage 
She crawled out of a well. I'm sure she'll have no problem scaling the building.
This cracked me up, thank you!
I keep reading that its a quality post but i personally dont see the logic behind it. We dont really know what she does to her victims, for all you know, she "touches" them to death... And no, Bob, that is not the best way to die.
Finally, a worthy rage comic. The only thing that would have made this better is if Ghosty MacGhostface were shouting "fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu" on the way down.
Wow that's an amazing idea 
Jokes on troll guy, all you need is literally any reflective surface 
Normies
I wonder what would happen if you did this and then went and lived deep in Amish country.
Vintage meme
Haha! Good one.
Smartest
Funny af
This is so bad 
Why are these still a thing? Back to 2010 with you
Yer supposed to nail er like that one hentai not kill er
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE
This would be really funny if it wasn't an f7u12 comic.
Laughing, laughing, laughing. Thank you. Keeeerrrr...SPLAT! Ring THAT!

[repost](https://www.reddit.com/r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu/comments/m20vt/troll_face_vs_the_ring/)
President Obama's new campaign poster

FINALLY! A rage comic where black characters don't look like their face is covered in mud.
The "O" in "NOT" should be the campaign logo, but up votes to you sir. 
I might actually vote for him if he did this.
Can you post a blown up version so I can print and hang up?
[](/notbad)
Really is a shame the way it all turned out.

Everyone expected him to magically wipe away 8 years of Bush's bullshit, and instead he took a middle ground.  Seems like every damn stance he takes pisses off both 'sides' of this divided ass country.

The troop draw-down;
Half pissed he's not ending it, half pissed he's ending it.
(Never mind the fact that the war is killing economic growth, and is not being left without our support financially and from hired groups)

Letting gay rights be a state issue;
Anti-homosexual groups say he's destroying marriage
Homosexual groups saying he's abandoned them.
(Never mind the fact that though he's personally against it, he feels it's up to the states to chose what is best for their citizens)

Changes to health care insurance rules;
Half say the toothless measure was a PR stunt
Half say it will kill your grandmother and has destroyed health care
(Never mind the fact that the changes were largely reasonable, and directed at insurance reform such as denying pre-exsisting conditions)

Debt ceiling talks;
Half say he cowed to the Rep's demands
Half say its his fault alone they couldn't reach an agreement
(Never mind the fact that congress is responsible for that...)

Slow economic growth;
Half say he's driving away jobs,
Half say he hasn't done enough and is letting Reps have their way.
(Never mind the fact that the economy was artificially over-inflated for decades and real growth takes longer then fudged numbers)

...
I could go on, but honestly who cares.  Pick your color, red or blue, spout your slogans and expect everything you want to be catered to... and next year, when we're faced with a president on the level of Palin, who does to the country what Rick Scott is doing to Florida, we can all be unified again as we were at the end of Bush's era... we can remember what a bad president is like.

[The End](http://i.imgur.com/5Ucnr.jpg)
My opinion of this comic? [](/notbad "metahumor is groovy bro")
[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)^[](/notbad)
Thank god it wasn't, "NOPE."
It's actually possible that Shepard Fairey isn't very happy with Obama based on a semi recent Colbert Report appearance. When asked about the Obama poster he said "I'm proud of it as a part of a grass roots movement, and... we'll leave it at that"
Rip formatting lol
We're overdue for a new winner.
Why is this not frontpage yet.
I would wear a shirt that had that design.
[deleted]
You have won the internet

Where is my Fu**ing Stapler?!??!
Actually made me laugh out loud! Thanks and upvotes for you sir or madam.
FUCK!!!!!! I should have seen that ending coming.  Upvote damn you. Upvote you straight to the top!
He looks like he just ate something really bloody. 
The only thing that could make this better would be if this was actually Shepard Fairey's reddit account.
ive always thought the Not Bad face should have the eyebrows slightly raised, i think it would visually convey the message better. 
Am I the only one who sees Peter Griffin and Cleveland in the thumbnail?
I saw one of Shepard Fairy's OBEY stickers on a street light during a trip to NYC last weekend and felt awesome for noticing when nobody else did
I see an ångstrom
FUCKING YES
Well played good sir
POSTERS. BUMPER STICKERS. T-SHIRTS. MAGNETS. 

SELL THIS.
Makes my version of this "Not Bad" poster: http://redd.it/hlhcq look "Pretty Bad" 
[deleted]
This isn't the background image :|
**This shit right here!**

Please please please tell me someone will make this into a T-shirt.

I'll buy one, two, or three of these...
I reluctantly hand you my crown... [](/okay)
  

Everyone, email the White House. Send them this. YES WE CAN!
Thank you, at first I thought this was going to be a Chuck Testa reference where "Hope" was changed to "Nope."
He just got my vote
Anyone else read this in his voice?

But the "not bad" face means things have turned out better than expected.
A++ comic.  Would read again.
you sir.....are lonely or bored. but somehow, good comic.
Not båd at all!
Any Swedish see this pronounced as *Not Boud*?
Hmmm, that design...it's... Not Bad.
Might be an issue seeing as *even he* is disappointed with Obama. [http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/09/24/shepard-fairey-obama_n_738111.html]
Barrack's face looks like chocolate milk that is overflowed with milk and barely has any ovaltine.

I think this rage comic is gonna be on top forever
That pretty much sums it up, for all the empty words he spoke back than LOL.
shirts please!
Can this please remain on the front page forever? [](/2229)[](/pickletime)
I want a bumper sticker of this...
I'm not liberal, not conservative, I'm pretty independent and follow politics more than anyone should and I really identified with the graphic.  

The only thing I might add... Cheers Obama, not bad.
Not BÅD!
If I could upvote this to infinity I would. 
just wanted to say from personal experience, shepard fairey is an asshole
The akward moment when u realize Facebook has made more changes than barack Obama.....
Laughed at the comic, but I gotta say, start his campaign?  He's been campaigning since he was sworn in for cryin out loud!
[](/sadtroll)[](/rtroll)
This was hilarious. I literally laughed out loud. 
I'm not even american, but damn that was funny. Upvotes for you kind sir.
Thanks for the new Profile picture! 
I might actually make this a bumper sticker
This deserves soo many upvotes
I really hope this becomes the real thing!

I WANT THIS ON A SHIRT!
First of all, I genuinely laughed out loud. Second, I just wanted to say that, for what it's worth, this submission had 1337 votes, until I upvoted it.
SUATMM :U
Why does that poster read "NOT BOAT"?
lol winner of all internet points today goes to peach3s. 
Two words: not bad. 
haha
hahaha not bad, not bad at all
yes, just yes.
YES!! DO IT! :DD
Hey,where can I find that picture wallpaper sized
great work man. :) loved it.
Me barrack-sta
Wow,this is still here 
If I were him my slogan would be "Don't stick your dick in crazy America, vote for me."
Think of all the karma the maker of this comic got...
not. bad.
Repost
This comic is …

NOT BAD!
this. is. perfect.
The upvotes... they're ALMOST 9000!
G
Could you try making one with PRETTY BAD?  It could be for the republicans!
The unfortunate thing is: he will probably get reelected.
Fuck obama
Not bad? He launched another bald-faced illegal war, signed the Patriot Act reauthorization, has vastly expanded U.S. drone wars in Pakistan and Yemen, launched a third drone war in Somalia, signed an executive order making indefinite detentions and military tribunals at GITMO permanent, has targeted medical marijuana legalization efforts with unprecedented U.S. attorney threat letters to states considering legalization, is vigorously prosecuting Wikileaks for doing what the NY Times, Washington Post, and Obama staff do all the time (revealing classified information), etc. So, "Not bad?" More like, GTFO!
If he actually does this... that would be AMAZING.
You forgot the part where Shepard Fairey rips off yet another AP photo and claims that it's original art because he changed 46% of it.
Nothing like crying in pubic from sheer laughter. This is amazing
Where do I buy the poster???
Why does this individual think that Shepard Fairey wears a beret?

Not bad...
SO.MUCH.KARMA
This made me let out a hearty laugh. Good on you, sir!
Loved this one :D
this is so full of win
I cannot believe there are 10,000 downvotes on this.  Holy fuck, Reddit, tough to please much?
Still amazes me how over 9,000 (no pun intended) decided to down vote this
The problem is that the phrase "Not Bad" in relation to Obama and the state of the country is inaccurate..."Is Bad". BTW I voted for Obama and regret it now.
not bad, horrendous.

Had to laugh, upvote for you!
To the front page!
I don't want to bring too much politics over here, but I think the [current background image](http://i.imgur.com/2Fmc3.png) might be a more accurate choice.
Why is this not possessing of the upvotes?
He has my vote!
Pepsi Colour?
Not Bad?  Not good either.
At first I didn't understand because I read it with the "o" above the A swedish sound. And then facepalm

EDIT: previously omitted "with"
Sarah Palin's ass: Not Bad
this is fucking fantastic, i need more upvotes!!!
fucking perfect!
I would honestly buy a t-shirt of this (provided it was reasonably priced).
It is an honour to upvote this post!
Gold, pure gold!
Pure genius. Seriously.
Replace his face with a trollface and you have a deal.
Just got done playing modern warfare 2, played this entire comic in my head with Sgt. Foley and General Shepard's voices lol... Not bad.
Do you have this as a stand alone? The world must know. With credit of course.
either learn how to use multiply blend modes or use an aliased brush FFS
We need to get this circulated.  
Spot fucking on.
No poster can be better than this.
now that's awesome.
http://i.imgur.com/4mNKZ.jpg
For the love of God someone print these bumperstickers.
Oh wow......some dude from FJ stole this exact comic right here and claimed it as OC.....
This is hilarious! Upvotes for you!
How did this get so many votes? It's not even that funny. -.-
in fact it wasn't funny at all, I don't see the humor in this. -.-

Fuck Obama and everything  he does to keep out nation as fucked up as possible!
Fantastic.
Fuck you, yeah you, fuck you, this NOT the source of the current background image!
Shepherd Fairey? so....you put a dead sheep under your pillow and wake up to find a poster the next day?
Obama is getting my vote regardless.  Keep whitey out of the white house!
I would get this on a poster or a shirt or something.
I might just have this turned into a sticker and slap it on my car, and I don't do political stickers. Upvotage.
I feel like the final frame should have been Obama giving that poster the not bad face.
made my day(:
Fairey would never be caught dead in a beret
i down voted because of obama
Perry 2012!
Someone send this to Fox News
WINNING!
this post is kinda boring since im from europe :/ but nicely done! upvote :D
How could people laugh at this shit?  the man lied to 300 MILLION PEOPLE! hellooooo! anyone there? wake the fuck up AMERICA!!!!!! liars are not funny, they steal your lunch....do you get it?
lmfao this is a classic
Full of win and awesome, have an upvote and a cookie!
Not to be a jerk, but that was...very...easily...done...Obamicon.Me - Create Your Webicon
And thus my journey to the frontpage of both [/r/aww](/r/aww) and [/r/spacedicks](/r/spacedicks) begins...
More like, "I cut military expenses/benefits, made two wars longer than I should have, bombed Libya, yeah. Not bad. Idiot. 
[deleted]
E.T. rage

F7U12 on the front page? What year is it? 
Oh shit a rage comic on r/all ?? Lul xD
[deleted]
arent you a clever one... :)
[deleted]
I laughed way more than I should have.
Wow, the oldest repost I've ever recognized. A true blast from the past.
Good to know this sub is still shit all these years later
This needs more appreciation
I thought we were done with these, Reddit.
Boy, that's contrived af
I don't get it... DS?
Nintendo handheld says, "Go the other way!" 
How does this sub still exist?
Hello darkness, my old friend.
This is actually an ok meme
Oouuuch
Best Rage I've seen in a few years.   Nicely done OP!
This is the best rage I've seen here in some time.
10/10
snrk snrk
I wish this meant a comeback for this place...too bad, have an upvote
this is fucking hilarious!  :-)

and clever too
/u/WaterGuy12
This is a pretty good one 
WTF this is a surprisingly well constructed and clever rage comic, I didn't realise these existed
Jesus, Reddit. Are we this old?
Quality 
/u/waterguy12 
HAL laboratories actually got their name because they wanted to always be 1 step ahead of IBM
Why is this on popular
First time I've seen this sub in /r/all in years, and its a repost.
Dat face thou
Mission accomplished. Next mission: Bring r/inglip to the front page.
This is the first rage comic I've laughed at in 7 years.
This is a beautiful RC...
I don't get it. I'm sorry 
Why is this sub on the frontpage? Go away 2010
I snrk'd.
~~😊~~
Die.
you know one of the rules is no REPOST ok?
My mother has been described as 'eccentric'.

Beware your mother, Parseltoungue is the sign of a dark wizard
First time I've seen a rage comic hit the front page in a year
Snake in a vagina. There, I said it.
Will you marry me snake?

yesssssssss.....
[Stephen Colbert](http://thecolbertreport.cc.com/videos/t2udf0/marrying-snakes) would say your mother understands what is important.
Sounds like she needs a different type of python in her life. 
TIL this subreddit still exists.
[deleted]
[Dan Savage's best story ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDDGvnQDbxM) remains relevant all these years later.
Why use your dad when she's got a snake that can DP her at any time, plus a snake is very flexible ;)
Mom wants the S
Here's what I learned from girls that keep reptiles as pets. 

 1 - they tend to smell a little funny. 

2 - they will absolutely milk your lizard. 
Wtf this subreddit still exists?
this might be the only rage comic i've ever lol'd at
I find your snake adorable. 
Just remember she isn't the woman who went on talk shows because she was in love with the Eiffel Tower.

A chill snake seems pretty rad by comparison.
Don't hate on your moms passion for slippery things.
Eccentric as in crazy?
If same-sex marriage is legalized it will open the door to people marrying snakes, and total disintegration of society. 

Also, in the land before digital, I personally viewed a porn called The Amazing Eel Fuckers. Eel in vagina. It died in there.
I lol'ed way to hard at this.
I'm a mom and I wish I had an eastern hognose.
So THIS is why people fear legalizing gay marriage will lead to bestiality.
Is your mother hot? 
"a fucking snake"

that's the point, bro...
"Ladies and gentlemen Taffey Lewis presents Miss Salome and the snake.
Watch her take the pleasure from the serpent that once corrupted man."

http://www.metacafe.com/watch/an-qCKQJYubuhbb7n/blade_runner_1982_miss_salamay_and_the_snake/
OP, clarification required. Labeled as a "Fucking Snake".
Bahahahahah, brilliant.
Snake does not seem all that interested
You only get to be called eccentric if you're rich. "Poor people are crazy Jack. I'm eccentric"
Your mom sounds pretty cool.
something something gay marriage something something marry your pet
Give your mom a sit com!
Eccentric means crazy 
What is this place? Where am I? This... all seems faintly... familiar?
Isn't this the way that a lot of people talk to their pets, though? They pretend like they're strange little humans.

If you replace "snake" with "dog", the story doesn't sound so strange.
Everyone on this sub is twelve
Is there anyone above 14 years old in this sub? lol
Husband gets jealous.
so your mother is rich eh?
Eccentric or just plain and simple bit-shit crazy?
Wait...do other people not say random crazy shit to their pets when no one else is around?
ITT: People who are subscribed to all the default subs.
xD what the heck...
Hmm....  Dad's not around.  Shocking.
She had a kid who posts to this god awful subreddit, give her some slack. 
This post is fucking retarded and so is this subreddit, grow the hell up chicklings. 
This is also a good example of class and white privilege.

If this was a poor black man talking to snake, we wouldn't be calling him "eccentric". He's be full-on CRAZY.
🏳️‍🌈🐍
scalie
Can someone explain to me why the prohibition on marrying animals doesn't violate the equal protection clause?
If you're going to call your own mother mad for an internet cartoon on reddit you could at least come up with a better story. Hope those upvotes are worth it pal.
Watching my dad (a GP doctor) watch House is more entertaining than the show

I think this is a website you guys are looking for

[House Medical Reviews](http://www.politedissent.com/house_pd.html)
You should video your dad watching the show and post it on YouTube. I'd watch it.
The show is written with non-doctors in mind. You may already know that House is based on Sherlock Holmes (House, Holmes, geddit?) Well in the original Sherlock Holmes novels, Holmes would often solve the mystery using details the reader wasn't privy to. This allowed the writer to focus more on the characters and less on the mystery, but might cause readers to feel cheated if they wanted to "play along". House replaces this "cheating" with the audience's ignorance of medicine, achieving the same effect of de-emphasising the mystery without explicitly hiding things from the audience. Of course, this doesn't work so well when doctors are watching.
This is the game my Dad (neurosurgeon) and mom (pulmonologist) play whilst watching House. If they can guess before he does, they win! Side note: I don't understand how I can enjoy a show in which every episode is the same, but I love House sooooo much. 

guy falls down

"give him this"

"but if it's this other thing, he'll die!" 

"Give it!" 

patient starts to die 

"It's Cancer! Chemo!" 

skin melts off

pencil falls off of desk

"Of course! The patient failed to mention he dropped a pencil, meaning he bent over, which popped the magic, intangible, invisible cyst on his spine, causing a cascade of these things all resulting from his poor relationship with his father"

"Oh, it was this thing all along"
Well obviously the first couple diagnoses they come up with are not right because they have an hour to fill up!
I get the same feeling when I watch my dad (a serial murderer) watch CSI.
In case someone is wondering, the cereal was Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
You certainly should have called. The patient could have died because of you.
All I do when I watch this show is scream at the TV - "YOU DID NOT GET AUTHORIZATION FOR THAT MRI FROM THE INSURANCE COMPANY!!! YOUR PATIENT IS ABOUT TO PAY OUT THE ASS FOR YOUR UNNECESSARY DIAGNOSTICS!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAHGHHHHHHHHHGHGHGHGHGHHG"
Does your dad ever think it's lupus?
My dad is a neurologist and constantly berates Foreman and we have to kick him out of the room at times
I was overly amused by this comic. You should make sequel comics on the same premise but with different House episodes.
My dad is a lawyer.  He can't watch Law & Order-type shows because he gets so frustrated by the little details they get wrong.

The only legal show he could watch was Boston Legal.
Growing up my Dad (incidentally also a GP, though he's had to do half a dozen other things as he runs a small town hospital) would what the show ER with my Mom (who incidentally is a nurse) and some of their friends. In the first episode of a season my Dad accurately diagnosed that a main character had brain cancer (or some other disease, I was too young to remember now). This ruined the season for the family friends at it was a season based entirely on realizing the character was sick, discovering what the illness was and learning it was terminal. After that my Mom and Dad had to watch ER alone.
This is how I feel watching Project Runway with my hipster roommate.
Can this become a series of rage comics, please? I'd read every one.
Veterinarian here:  you are more likely to contract toxo from undercooked meat than you are from cat feces.  For the whole time the cat has toxo, it only sheds it in the stool for a few days.  I have 3 children, I took cats' temps every day during my pregnancies, and none of them were exposed to it.  Don't be putting all the blame on the cats.
I wish there was a doctor around here I could visit that knew what the fuck was going on.
*blink blink* Yeah, I'm gonna go clean the litter box.  To be safe.
Right? Having a doctor father is one of the best things while watching a medical show. Watching Scrubs had a similar effect.
My mom's a forensic pathologist. We aren't really allowed to watch CSI.
The only doctor show my dad can watch is Scrubs because "They get it wrong the least."
[deleted]
This is great. Reminds me when I took forensics about the time CSI was just getting popular. Our Friday's consisted of watching CSI and then ripping the shit out of it with it's inaccuracies and inadmissible evidence. 
It's like when my friends and I watch The Big Bang Theory.  Except we don't.  Because we're all smarter than Sheldon.

(physics grad students)
Your dad must eat a lot of cereal.
We need weekly Rages from you for each episode of House
I'm not a doctor...  But I used to be a cancer geneticist and then a public health officer (before being disabled by rare illnesses related to one that was on an [episode of House](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Choice_(House)).  I love House and other medical shows.

But my favorite thing is watching actual medicine performed.  [Trauma: Life in the ER](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trauma:_Life_in_the_E.R.) and similar shows were my jam.  Used to be a long time ago that on one of the cable channels you could watch whole surgeries.  They were abridged for time, but covered the highlights of various surgeries like brain tumors, hysterectomies, etc.  

Good stuff.  

I still watch medical procedures on youtube.  Right now I'm enjoying the work of an ENT, Dr. Hawke.  One of his videos was posted to [/r/popping](/r/popping) and I've been following since.  Before going into public health I was intending to do medicine (infectious disease, ideally).  But after watching the ENT, I think I would rather have gone that route if I became a doctor.  The procedures just look like too much fun.
there is a website called [polite dissent](http://www.politedissent.com/house_pd.html) which is run by a doctor who grades episodes of house.  watching the show is almost as fun as reading the site.
Where does your dad practice? (general region would be fine if you don't want to give away too many details) He sounds like a pretty competent GP.
[deleted]
Sometimes that can be entertaining, but sometimes not. My house-mate is in school to be a nurse, and watching Scrubs with her is annoying. The show's obviously not meant to be serious, but that's not how she takes it.
As a lawyer, this is pretty much exactly why I've never been able to sit through an episode of law and order. 
My dad enjoys watching [Holmes on Homes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holmes_on_Homes). He also owns his own HVAC business. It's always enjoyable to watch him watch it because they almost always call in this HVAC guy and my dad will freak because they almost always violate building code and set up furnaces and such improperly. There's been a few instances where he's yelling at the top of his lungs because the guy did something that has a high chance of causing a fire/explosion in the future.

I never did understand it, then I went to school for software engineering. Now I can't watch CSI and related shows when they're doing their "computer hacking", I rage out long before the scene is over. 
The same thing happens when I watch 'Project Runway' with my mum who is a professional theater costumer.
House is just a broke-ass Sherlock Holmes, bro.
Being in the Navy, whenever I see a NCIS bit it drives me insane. Since I live overseas I'm not sure if the show is popular or not, but everything tells me the show is popular. Especially since I work on computers and networks [this drives me insane](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8qgehH3kEQ).

Also NCIS LA? Yeah, because all of the Navy is in San Diego (2 1/2 hour drive one way) and the Marine Corps base is 2 hours drive one way. Yeah, lets base in LA not San Diego 

[](/jackieeeee!)
I feel exactly like your dad, except I'm a lab tech. And whenever I see his team in the lab, doing all the complex testing, it drives me frickin fruit loops. If doctors actually knew how to do all testing (for example), they would know some tests take a long time, so therefore, wouldn't call you every five damn minutes. "Yes, I told you it will take an hour. So why are you calling me for the 4th time?" /end rant
My mother does the exact same thing, its very entertaining indeed.
Reassuring to hear that the entire US health system isn't as incompetent as House (TV show) makes them out to be.
My dad does the same thing!!! (He's a doctor). 
I'm upset that I don't have one of these comics for every episode.
My Dads a doctor and has given up watching ER shows because "they can't cure the disease fast enough DVD though they have 5 docs for one patient! Bullshit!"
It's like for us computer nerds when they talk about firewalls and visual basic interfaces...
Your dad is more bad-ass than House.

...Say, is he single?
About 15 years ago this was my mum and ER. 
Reading a comic about your dad watching house is more entertaining than watching house.
[Summed up every episode of House](http://i.imgur.com/nl1U4.jpg)

[](/harpdarp)
This will get lost, but if anybody wants to read a medical account of every episode of House, this guy has a blog on it:

http://www.politedissent.com/house_pd.html
So, it takes your father the entire episode to finish his cereals?
This is why exciting tv shows aren't always based on real stories and will probably never happen in real life... as a programmer I have my fair share of wtf moments in hacking scenes...

At least medical shows follows somewhat of a scientific approach (so it seems from the comments here) and isn't just all bullshit.
My mother was a pharmacist. I have the exact same experience with her. She says House is super unrealistic because everything is way way more routine than how they do shit. If patient has X, you give them Y. If patient doesn't respond to Y, then you give them Z. And so on until they die or get better. Pretty much everything you can get has already been made diagnosable by this process. 
Awesome! That show drives me crazy with all the misdiagnosis and I'm not even a doctor.
Up to one third of the world's human population is estimated to carry a Toxoplasma infection

During the first few weeks post-exposure, the infection typically causes a mild flu-like illness or no illness. Thereafter, the parasite rarely causes any symptoms in otherwise healthy adults.

Toxoplasmosis can be difficult to distinguish from that of primary central nervous system lymphoma, and as a result, the diagnosis is made by a trial of therapy (pyrimethamine, sulfadiazine + leucovorin), followed by a brain biopsy if the drugs produce no effect clinically and no improvement on repeat imaging.

*I cut and paste from Wikipedia to say that your Dad jumped to a conclusion*
Did you just spoil the season opener of House for me?

On second thought since all the file hosters are dead and I can't watch it from Australia anyway how about you just TL:DR comic all the media I can so no longer see anymore.

Fucking horrible day :(
Probably lupus.
Youtube series?
I have never wanted House as my doctor.
The equivalent of one of us tech savvy gentlemen seeing "Enhance" on any crime show. Your dad is awesome!
sarcoidosis or Lupus. AlWAYS.
Glad to know that most of societies doctors don't fuck around and know what they're doing as compared to tv.
And oh man, how they spend half an episode figuring out ectopic pregnancy, its just silly.........and does anyone else see a floating taco, or is that just me?
This is exactly what happens during family get togethers. We have 9 doctors in the family so it gets even more hilarious.
More of these! Please.
I want to see rage faces animated as 30 seconds segments.  Not badly though (like they ruined Dilbert), but with *good* voice actors.  This strip would make a great start.
I'm honestly impressed that the medical mumbo jumbo in the show is accurate enough that he can actually figure out the disease before they reveal what it is.
As a healthcare worker I find it hilarious that the doctors their own: CT scans, MRI's, draw and analyze blood, do respiratory treatments, physical therapy, prep pharm IV bags, etc. 

There fucking supermen on that show. 

We can't get outs to pull out their own fucking chairs. 
[](/lol) OP, my parents are both GPs as well. They have the same exact reaction when watching House. :D
Did your dad call it when it really was lupus?
My father, a neurologist, acts the same way. Actually, he hates medical shows because of how inaccurate they are. One of his least favorite shows is Scrubs. He says residency is much more hectic and painful.
Well... at least the show isn't that fictitious. Apparently they get the right treatment for the illness.
My wife is a med tech and the part of house that drives her nuts is when they do all the lab work themselves. Also, the speed with which they get results.
My dad used to be the biggest spoiler for 'ER'. Watch 35-45 minutes of the show intently. Dad looks up from reading the paper. Bacterial Meningitis. Goes back to reading the paper. 
I love how the doctors always mention/consider Lupus or Sarcoidosis on nearly *every* episode of House. Seriously, the amount of references to those two diseases are insane.
TIL Dr. House is a shitty doctor.
This is like when I, a criminal justice almost graduate, or anybody who has ever taken an intro criminal justice class watch CSI. Jesus fuck, that show is horrible.
My mom is a judge. Her watching any Law and Order show is just as bad. No way half the stuff they do or say would fly in a real court, but I'm always telling her to just relax and enjoy the story. It's hard when such a popular show warps the public's perception of what you do though.

TIL House isn't the best doctor ever.
I always assumed they used all the medical technical terms on House like the way computer terms are used on NCIS...they mold a bunch of unrelated terms (big words) into a sentence to make it sound cool when in reality they have nothing to do with what they are doing. 

TIL that the medical terms on House are actually related to the patients symptoms. Interesting

My dad is also a doctor.
This is his exact reaction to watching House.
made me lol.

But my dad used to like house.
A lot of the earlier episodes were much truer to the medical profession according to him.
I used to watch Grey's Anatomy with my dad (doctor) and stepmom (nurse) and they would just tear the show apart. Pretty hilarious. 
Last episode of House I watched they removed several organs and that didn't help. Turned out to be a bacterial infection - the cure was antibiotics. Genius medical work, that.
My dad's a surgeon. If he comes across me watching the show he sometimes sits down for a minute or two only to guffaw loudly, then get up and wander away still laughing. 
Well Done. Well done sir. Does your father also have a limp? If not he is clearly the better Doctor. 
One of my housemates is an RN. Her take on what TV nurses do and say is just as hilarious. Now we need to hear from someone who deals in medical insurance - I read an article last year that said most of Dr. House's patients would be looking at bills in the half-million dollar range.
My main problem with House is the sheer number of wrong diagnosis they come up with in the first instance, and the fact they perform any number of dangerous treatments on the patient after nothing more than a chat around a table.

How many times have they performed massively invasive surgery (usually *without* masks), or started someone on chemo when inevitably it'll be something a simple cure...

Don't the insurance companies ever object to the completely pointless, hugely expensive, procedures?
[Look at what you've done to me!](http://i.imgur.com/tazMt.jpg)
Jennifer has attempted to ford the ~~river~~ road.

Jennifer has died of dysentery.

Just an EMT and while I can't diagnose, I have observed several times on House how a proper physical exam and patient history would have led to the correct diagnosis before the first commercial. Two I can think of off the top of my head, a girl with a very noticeable gold halo around her irises that would have been seen during the first exam and then there was one recently were Cuddy's mom is dying but everyone glosses over her new hip that ends up being the problem.
This actually made me LOL. 
same here with the wife. 

she still loves to watch it (equally: ET, Gray's Anatomy etc etc) since she takes some kind of weird pleasure in watching the protagonists run around like headless chickens.
i would like to see more of theses lol
My dad had a similar reaction. He simply said, "The writers must be residents or in med school". And therefore, the show is dumb and a waste of time to watch.
This is my Dad, except he just yells, "THAT WOULD NEVER HAPPEN!" at the television.
I would read this series of rage comics till the end of time. until it gets boring that is.
I support all the requests here asking for a video.
haha my dad always points out the backwards x-ray during the scrubs intro.
I especially enjoy on House when there are not 1 but AT LEAST 2 docs looking at lab specimens or doing an MRI. Please find me a doc in a hospital that can find the lab, much less look in their microscopes. 
:O 1 day and your already on the top section!
Even I get like that and I'm still in med school -.-
My God, it's like watching my dad watch Billy the Exterminator
My mom is a nurse and shes the exact same way watching shows like that.
as an EMT, i find myself doing the same albeit with ER-type shows. They spew inaccurate vocab on those shows
That damn taco made me scroll down to see what the rest of the title was.
my dad is a pediatrician, and he laughs constantly during the show, muttering under his breath "what a fucking idiot, its fucking gondiolitic encephalitis..."  it must be a very different med school these doctors go to, because real doctors know their shit and dont fuck around.  
My mum is a nurse and she despises that show because the creators of the show totally neglect how hard-working and ever-present nurses are. Plus she reacts how you dad does OP, nit picking on all the retarded diagnosis they do.
I effectively shat myself reading this. Have an upvote.
Your dad should stop eating cereal while watching house
It's kinda like my uncle correcting the Big Bang theory. He has a PhD in Physics. (Don't know the exact american term for it. I'm German).

Rofl'd when I read this
is your dad Dr.House in real life?
I always imagined Gp doctors to be super calm. Probably because of their soft touch.
Man I would looooovvvveee to watch just one episode with him
Would upvote to see more.
This is like watching jeopardy and figuring the answers out before the people on the show, except your scenario is a good THOUSAND times better. 

Can I come over and watch your dad watch House with you?
We want more examples!
I guessed lupus at first.
This makes me think of my dad when he watches CSI and other shows with autopsies. Always telling the characters they're doing it wrong.
Can I watch your dad do commentary on house?
I've actually managed to do this twice as a pharmacy student.  Of course I didn't get so emotionally involved.
Watching any show; be it medical/law/cop/whatever with an actual doctor (or nurse)/lawyer/cop will always make the show more entertaining. 
i dont watch house with my doctor friend anymore. he always gets it in the first five minutes
I am now eating cereal because of this.
Such are the perils of trying to make an hour long weekly drama out of a subject too complicated for the audience.
Glad to hear other people freak out about "science" based shows.
my dad, also an MD, refuses to watch it because he thinks it's so dumb, i sat through an episode with him and it basically ruined the whole show for me
[This website](http://www.politedissent.com/house_pd.html) has reviews of the medicine in House episodes. Pretty good read.
Wow your dad is one good GP. The GPs in my area just tell me to take advil whenever something's wrong.
Poor Tommy Boy.
This is why I can't watch CSI. 
This was fucking hilarious. Thank you.
I always like to think that these people are actually eating cereal while saying these things.
My dad is the same way haha.
I've always wondered if the symptoms were *that* obvious and they look like morons.
hilarious
Twin telepathy

My cousins and I would play party games sometimes and they (identical twins) would just dominate the guessing games (Taboo, pictionary, etc.) so hard. It's downright unfair.
But think of how many times you itched and she DIDN'T scratch you. Either she isn't telepathic or is a *huge* bitch!
Did she get the spot?
I'll never know what it's like to be a twin :(
Not subscribed here and I forgot this place existed. The new front page makes you forget what reddit has previously been.
[deleted]
If twins have sex, is it incest, or just elaborate masturbation?
Maybe she just needed to scratch her ass.
That used to happen with me and my siblings all the time when I was still living with them. It started to happen with my bf and I when I lived with him for a summer. It's some freaky shit. 
Ah, /r/f7u12 we meet again. I used to love this subreddit, it's hilarious how most redditors now find it "immature" but still lap up /r/AdviceAnimals.
[Siamese twins!](http://youtu.be/h5HJGuyBfx8) (NSFW, I guess...)
She just read that thought balloon floating over your head.
I would get sick about the same time as my sister. And once I was like, I feel like a sneeze coming and we both sneezed at the same time.
My twin and I have this down, except it usually involves her buying my favorite chips before she comes home, just when Im craving them.  
[TWINS!!!!]( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=e8q0aRQ4j1g)
/r/twins
Maybe they were squashing a bug crawling on your head
The picture says non identical sister. Does that usually mean twin?
Can confirm as a twin, my sister literally reads out loud what i'm thinking at any random time .. it could be something so random.
Is it only me that after reading this, I felt an itch on my head?
Pics?
I've been singing a song in my head and my twin has then started singing the next bit out loud. 
What's a rational explanation for occurrences like this?
I was going to send this to my twin, but I know she already saw this. Yep...telepathically. 
Put a smile on my face. Wish I could have this with someone. :)
/r/acedote?
....now kiss.
It's called *twinsight.*
When people ask if I can feel my twins pain, I'm always like "Um, are you legitimately asking if I have telepathic powers?" 
Sounds like a common case of twintuition
I've read about this sort of thing. So fascinating.
If she can use telepathic power then doesn't she speak to her sister with telepathic power? MIND (not so) BLOWN
happened with me and my grandma too.
Wow was not expecting a rage comic on /r/all. I can't believe people still like these.
"I'm horny..."

scratch scratch 


We know what that bottom right picture implys.

YOU DONT HAVE TO WRITE ANYTHING ON IT.
Maybe you're just dumb and said it aloud
[I don't believe you.](http://imgur.com/9I8NwOH)
Yeah, this didn't happen.
[removed]
[deleted]
this didnt happen u fucking liar
/r/thathappened

[deleted]
It's about time

My back hurts thinking about how long he has been crouched like a moron. 
f7u12 on the front page of /r/all, what?!?

http://imgur.com/ndQLhX7
I wish his thighs were fucking jacked when he got up. 
not sure how much lumbar support a stick figure needs, but good for him if it makes him happy
What the fuck is this? This subreddit still exists?
Why is this subreddit even alive ?

How did this make the front page ?

So many questions
I always figured he was on an [ergonomic stool](https://www.google.com/search?q=ergonomic+stool&espv=2&biw=1515&bih=857&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjC-qiQxvbKAhVK6iYKHQXIDuEQ_AUIBygC)
>2099 upvotes

I feel like subscribing just to unsubscribe.
Now ... will he get a more comfortable chair? Stay tuned, folks ...
He's been wanting that chair for years
I remember seeing this years ago on memebase. Classic. 
3000 people are on here enough to get this on the front page?
how do I not notice this?
If you look really closely he left his elbows on the table
Horrible 
ISO: alt version with giant moustache 
Bout damn time
Me after using a stool for 3 years and finally getting a computer chair. Leaning back feels so good!
poor guy... after all that time he gets a chair and its a half assed ms paint one
Nice editing 
For some reason his face reminds me of huey freeman
So all this time we been played?
Kinda bothers me that the chair doesn't match the desk.
Farts always sound and feel better on a wooden chair
finally justice has been done.
Just saw this in /all had no idea it was still active 
Now, if only he'd realize that he needs a mouse as well...
Looks like he left his elbow on the desk
how is this a rage?
#You Win

Girl Drinks

Man i really want a pretty pretty pretty princess sparkly pink raspberry martini right now....
Just walk in, sit down at the bar, find the nearest female, and say to the bartender, "I'll have whatever *she's* drinking."

Count how many times this works until you regret that decision.
You bastards can laugh, but the Rotting Fox really does make a hell of a Sweet Pretty Pretty Princess Sparkly Pink Raspberry Martini.
> One large beer
[So this?](http://m.imgur.com/F4z2L)
[It's all about the confidence in the order!](http://imgur.com/M4UocB0) Here is looking at you /u/zachinoz
I used to order the pretty pretty princess cocktails until I went to college and hung around with the craft beer crowd. I just had a birthday and went out with my friends back home and ordered a beer. My friends were looking at me weird like I just ordered the blood of a baby goat. "You're...you're not getting your Cosmo?! *What the hell is happening?!*"
I'm a 6'2", 225lbs man that's been told I look intimidating and I absolutely love ordering girly drinks. One, they are always delicious and two, the looks you get from cute waitresses is entertaining in itself. 

Hello, hello kitty. You are delicious!
This just reminds me of [this one](http://youtu.be/1qq6onsqENc?list=FLGcN7YcBUAMZLH8zs_x4PmQ)

Fuckin love girly drinks
Who calls it a 'large beer'?
one of my favorite sketches:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_H_sVNgvf4
Totally agree with this comic and everything it stands for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qq6onsqENc this right here
Stay strong, candy is dandy but liquor is quicker!
Say anything you want about girly drinks, they taste fantastic and can get your wrecked off of one if you order the right drink.
Suddenly motivated to find a date for the weekend...
Real men drink what they want and don't care what idiot sexists think of it. 
[Funniest relevant ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8C4TGGtPzBU&list=PLBD24462A31FB9297)
[deleted]
You know what, OP? I'm sure you can get drunk off of those pretty pink princess drinks faster than you can of of beers ounce per ounce. In the end, we all get drunk.
Hell, if you're going out to get drinks, don't be ashamed of what you like. If you want to order the girliest thing on the menu, do so with pride! Some of those drinks are delicious and every guy knows it!
Nothing wrong with fruity drinks, but it's important to mention that acquiring a taste for beer and wine is very possible and very worth doing.
I absolutely love - adore - getting the "female" drinks at bars, and pretending they're disgusting while trying to hide how good they actually are.
I too order fruity girly drinks
Personally I never really understood the shame in wanting a girl drink, sometimes I want something that tastes good.
Im the 3,000th upvoter. I must feel special •_•
"Large beer"? Is that just, you know, a pint? 
What is a "large beer"?
This guy could be me!
Dude here.  I used to love going to TGI Friday's specifically for their delicious Ultimate Mudslides.  Sadly, I moved away, and there's none where I live now.
Holy shit....  that's exactly what going out drinking with my husband is like sometimes, LOL
Pour me something tall and strong, make it a hurricane, before I go insane.
Hey man, those girly drinks hit fast and hard due to being nothing but straight shots of liquor. I do the same with my wife, heh
Hey, everybody loves sugar.
Relevant [Girly Drinks Rap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qq6onsqENc)
I loved this comic. Makes me hope more for this subreddit :-)
Reminds me of Scrubs. 
Fuck the stereotypes I'll drink the fluffiest drink they got,...     .....d....
You literally made me lol.  Thank you for that.
Ah, Marshal, how are Lilly and the kids? Haven't heard from you for months now...
Not girly drinks, just drinks for people who don't like drinks.
That's my parents right there! 
"Nice drink, does it come in hetero?"

"It does, but I don't like it as much"
Reminds me of JD and his appletinis from Scrubs
Ha that reminds me of the time I 
Classic Marshal. 
Zema was awesome I don't give a shit what anyone says. 
/r/summerreddit calls
I want a pretty pretty princess sparkly pink matini so bad
A large beer?
I don't "get" normal beers.

Indian Pale Ale for me thanks.
is this sub real?
*"a large beer"*?

Sooooo......how was school today?
[deleted]
Why the fuck is this shit on the first page now, we have enough adviceanimal fucktards now we have this again?
Now this cancerous sub also gets onto the frontpage... Sure is summer here.
Alcohol is unhealthy.
I'm just gonna put this out there: Beer is gross and girls that drink beer are gross.
