2022 r/Formula1 Predictions Tournament

The inaugural predictions thread was extra hilarious last year, with many, many baffled comments in response to the weird mechanics of this thing. Here's the brief FAQ:

- It will keep automatically reappearing whenever we have to submit a new prediction (i.e. every single race).

- That's just how Reddit constructed the feature. We can't do anything about it.

- Whenever you submit a prediction, it counts as an upvote.

- No, we can't do anything about that, either

Have fun with the contest!
My prediction for when I’ll be out of tokens is: Austrian GP
We can bet up to 200 tokens per race? 

I’m gonna be broke after the 5th race

Edit: 300 tokens / bankrupt by the 4th race
Fuking hell these are hard. I'm going with Charles for the pole and win. I hope the the Ferrari beauty will turn beast on raceday.
I'm betting that Russell will:

1. Win pole position every race
2. Win every race
3. Never crash in any race
4. Be the first driver in history with a perfect season
5. Go on to a 5-season winning streak
6. Then Maldonado makes a comeback in a Haas and, let's be honest, nobody stands a chance anymore.

Lewis will end 5th or so and this will be his last season.
Let’s go Sharrrlllll!
This is getting out of hand, now there's two of them! Also don't forget to join the [/r/Formula1 Prediction Challenge](https://redd.it/te1ei0)

Also, see [this previous sticky](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/temjc9/2022_rformula1_predictions_tournament/i0qw1k8/) regarding the mechanics of the Predictions Tournament.^(I know, I know, we really should have considered the naming of these)
Here we go again lads

Time to lose all my points in a few weekends again, see you all then.
Hi all - the inaugural predictions thread was extra hilarious last year, with many, many baffled comments in response to the weird mechanics of this thing. To reluctantly head these off for 2022, here's the brief FAQ:

- It will keep automatically reappearing whenever we have to submit a new prediction (i.e. every single race).

- That's just how Reddit constructed the feature. We can't do anything about it.

- Whenever you submit a prediction, it counts as an upvote.

- No, we can't do anything about that, either

Have fun with the contest! Vote for chaos!
Predictions are backkkkkk. I'm getting goosebumps seeing these race week posts. It's been soooo long. And there is a chance we might see Max vs Leclerc. That's all I want
I love how al the winners from the previous tournament all look like dead accounts.
Tokens?
The ol’ Charles Pole and Max win. Never fails
Not this STUPID FUCKING SHIT AGAIN
I hate new.reddit
Carlos Leclerc
I’m surprised Russell is a main choice in the pool and not Checo, who actually got pole and is in the better car
Time to become poor again
I go with the safest bet: Charles for Pole, Max for the Win.
F1 2022 summarized :-

Who will win the race - max verstappen 

Who will start at pole - Charles Leclerc
It is so tough to choose between Carlos Leclerc and Jorge Russel. Such Spanish Monegasque British legends
So funny to see who is gonna get pole position: Charles leclerc. Who's gonna win the Belgian gp: max verstappen.
Me: bets that all current/former world champions will outperform their teammates. Also me: Checo pole/win

*bad* brain!
It cracks me up that every week the majority picks Charles for pole and… someone else for the win.
New season,  
New regulations,   
What could go wrong with betting now? 😂
Why is fucking Georgie in a Mercedes on here over Checo for pole
“Carlos leclerc” lmao
Max will win the race by? 

- 0-5 sec

- 5-15 sec

- +1 lap
Haas Yes  
Charles Win  
Max Pole  

You know what that means boys and girls, Mercedes 1-2
I bet on Carlos Leclerc, whoever that driver is, I hope the engine stays intact
fix your shit reddit, this is such a dumb sorting bug (this is not directed at the sub mods <3)
Ferrari getting in there in the predictions...exciting year!!!
Max Verstappen not even an option 💀💀
Jorge Russel🇲🇽
seems like Ferrari on pole and a Max win has been a pretty safe bet
I predict George Russell will not answer many questions from that AMA on Friday.
That’s a lot of votes for Verstappen when all I seem to read around here is that Mercedes are the fastest by miles and just sandbagging in testing…
Why is George Russell a guess but Perez is not. Red Bull have a way better chance of a win than the Mercs right now
Can’t believe there wasn’t a ‘Will Charles Leclerc finish the race’ for the Monaco GP.
I'm so dumb. I didnt think leclerc was an option for pole so I put 30 on "other" 🤦‍♂️
I am overdosing on hopium and hoping for Ferrari to win from pole. You can clearly see why I don't bet in real life. Anyway, I hope Bottas goes bowling again, it's about time we get an unpredictable podium - maybe Haas or AM.
Love how the last polesitter isn't an option but the guy who got knocked out in Q1 is
How come this has 111k+ upvotes
Almost the same pattern every gp: Leclerc wins quali, verstappen wins the race.
#CARLOS LECLERC
Pole at Singapore, LH not one of the options. If you told me that this time last year I’d assume he must have retired.
I don't know shit about F1 I just voted for someone called Sergio and someone named Max
EZ PZ:

Charles on pole, Max for the Win, Mercedes with more points than Ferrari.
Charles pole, Max win. This is The Way.
I clicked through these pretty fast. Was Verstappen grouped in with "Someone Else"?
Is it weird that I found the first question the easiest to answer. No - I don’t think both Red Bulls will finish.
RIP to everyone who thinks Leclerc will get pole this weekend....
Jorge Russell
57ish% think Charles on pole and 66ish% think Max to win. Feels sad in Italian
All in on "Latifi crashes into Seb in the last race and we get a German language rage radio"
Mods low key throwing shade at Verstappen
I have a greater chance of getting pole than George Russell
How the hell are both Mercs in the pool but Checo isn’t? Someone really doesn’t like Perez.
The fact that max ain't even an option in these new ones...
I bet this just like I bet actual money. Yolo all I have into Max and then be very disappointed.
I have no clue how these work or what to do with these types of threads, and at this point, I'm afraid to ask
I want to believe...

PURO PINCHE CHECO PÉREZ!!!!!
who will get pole?
Charles
who will win?
Max.
Its a sealed deal for this season.
Jorge Russel my favorite driver
CARLOS LECLERC LOL
Canadian GP: Carlos LeClerc!!  is the answer Ferrari needs
I don’t care about coins i have 75 left and I’ll keep voting for Checo
PUT IT ALL ON GASLY AND LET IT RIDE
30% chance of rain on the weekends boys. 
 Here's to hoping Bottas doesn't take out half the field with him this year 🥂
RAWE CEEK BOIS TRIPLE HEADER INCOMING
My choices were extremely depressing
I voted with my heart on that last one.
My pole prediction: Charles.

Next thing I read : " Charles tests 2023 engine, takes grid penalty" 

Sigh.
Lewis P-1
Max P2
Vet P3
I am downvoting this post, same as I did last year's. It has nothing to do with the actual tournament, and I know it's not the mods' fault, but I just don't like how reddit is handling the whole thing.
I hate how many fake upvotes these polls get
I am going to vote for Max every week. If he loses, then i am happy, if he wins i'll gain fake internet points. Win win.
The Sainz disrespect is unreal
Wow people are really confident in max this year
I did well last time, top 250. This time will be different, however, I will vote with hope not logic
Cant believe so many people think that Haas will score points.
Easy, Kevin pole and win
Ayo how am I 2nd
Why did this just show up on /r/all, saying it was posted 13 hours ago, but there's comments from one month ago?
All in on Ferrari

As always
Lec for pole, max for win after Leclerc has a mechanical problem
Decided to play this one strategically and bet the less popular options, mostly. I've basically predicted Charles on poll but him DNFing and Max winning.
Putting all my timbits on king Latifi to score points in Canada.

Stroll's good too but come on

edit: welp I got it but Stroll got it so yeah
Jorge
Latifi or Stroll is not even an option for the Canadian GP? Rigged voting.
If you wanna go full spanish newspaper yo should have put Max as "Maximo Versttapen"
Carlos Leclerc 😂😂😂
I didn’t see Charles on there, only his brother, Carlos leclerc
Can't even vote for Pedro Gaseoso to take the win (specifically)
When did they start capping the max payouts?

edit; e.g. Sainz for pole only paid 5:1 instead of the correct ratio of nearly 40:1
voting for sainz winning til i run outta points baby
Woo let’s go! I know absolutely nothing about F1 and this showed up in my feed so I made some guesses. Just adding more tokens to the pool.
[deleted]
I think I fuel this every week with my hopes and dreams. Hoping for my boy Carlos
Honestly I think I'd have more tokens if I just didn't predict.
Legleg Pole, Max wins. My totally *ahum* unbiased prediction.
It seems that many people think Charles’s pole will lead to Max’s win.
Anyone voting for Leclerc for Pole position start, he will get a 5-place grid penalty
216k upvotes, never seen that before
Why is there only 4 teams to pick out from ?
My prediction: I'm gonna cry at sebs last race
Max Verstappen is now “someone else” in the poll :(
I hate this takes me to new reddit.
I like how Max is not an option for winning
Lol Max not even an answer choice?
Don't fail me now Lewis
I am going for Leclerc pole and Max win.
Wheres Sainz?
I bet that Charles Leclerc will be on pole and will win the race. That’s why I bet all my points on Verstappen, because I always lose these predictions anyway.
After last year I’m hesitant to vote my favourite. 

The week after I ran out of credits and stopped putting all my credits on Hamilton was when he started dominating in the last four races.
How does this work? When I click on it , it says page not found
Last year I ended up ranked 263 of 311298 because of a Norris pole.
Yeah just leave out one of two guys with a win lmao.
Who will start from pole? Charles.
Who will win? Max.
Love this community 😂
Can anyone else not open this post at all? I've tried on Reddit is Fun and also on Chrome
Charles Bin Lauda to take pole. And then immediately crash into Max
>What team will have the worst average finishing position at the Spanish GP?

*Proceed to list the top 3 teams*
I got 300 tokens for bottas poll and a win.
Bottas. You can quote me on that.

EDIT: Do not quote me on that
Yes, Charles Leclerc, Charles Leclerc. 

I believe Charles, **I believe**.
Always bet on chaos at Baku.
Vettel will win
Dissapointed that Máximo Verstappen is not an option.
Jorge Russel???
JOOOOOORGE
I love carlos leclerc
Carlos Leclerc?
Carlos Leclerc???
Jorge Russell? Haha
Carlos Leclerc...
Oh god, I went all in on Legreg, what have I done...
max win race

lec win qual

haas good qual, but bad race

bottas get point this week .
i know nothing about F1 racing. just like the sport. wish me luck
Why no hamilton?
Banking on Hamilton this weekend because I’m now at the point where I may as well go out having fun
Wheres the "will Hamilton be the only one to start" prediction?
Max Verstappen FTW!
Oh boy, I can't wait to read all the 5 month old posts.
After a series of mishaps and unfortunate circumstances, we see another Monza midfielder take the win, although this time it's more than a midfielder, it's Albon, and Latifi finishes inside the points. Ric finishes 16th, which is also dead last after several others DNF. Norris is on the podium alongside Russel.

Ferrari has an amazing pair of pit stops for the first tyre change, but their undercut strategy on Red Bull is ruined by a safety car just two laps later. 

Ferrari then has reliability issues. Binotto leaves the circuit grounds around lap 40 and we don't hear from him until a week later. News comes out he was just going to the bathroom but also a health concern has come up and he cannot continue to "run" the "team" the rest of the season.

Also, while on the podium someone drops their trophy. Probably Jos.
Monza has been impossible to predict these last few years. But the one constant has usually been that the winner tends to be someone out of left field.

Let's go Checo!
Fn click bait
Cars will go vroom.
I don't see an option for Niki lauda coming out of the grave to show them how its done. guess ill keep my bets.
Seeing the quali predictions be almost 50/50 for Max and Leclerc is crazy
It’s kinda sad that more people think Mercedes will get more points then Ferrari lmao
About to lose all my point on this one
Abu Dhabi - Puts max tokens every prediction.
>Will any of the outgoing driver score points at the Abu Dhabi GP?
 
Any or all?
Damn I hate the fucking auto upvote
Why is Max not showing as an option?
"Carlos leclerc"
where is haas?  I want to donate my tokens to the needy
My prediction is more people will take part if you don't force them to use new reddit.
People are pretty bullish on Ver and Red Bull.
I'm so torn up between making expected results vs. what I hope to see on Saturday and Sunday.
So im seeing a lot of split on pole/win, but i'm fairly sure everyone is going all in on there being a safety car right?
I've got Max on pole but Leclerc winning. All in.
I would like to petition for Bottas to be put back as one of the explicit options. I bet everything I could for him last season and I have no intention of stopping now.
Betting it all on Perez me, bring the pain checo
Checo about to get Pole again
No, max, max.
Was there no prediction open for Aussie GP?
both rb cars? idk man
Carlos, this is the last time I am betting on you. Make it happen.
FYI there is a high % chance of rain for the race this weekend. Could be an exciting race.
Perez is gonna win one damn it. Eventually
How to start a betting addiction
I hope I lose all my tokens by going all in on Max. Ferrari, get back in there please
Carlos Leclerc 🥲
I can vote on Jorge Russel, anyone know who that is?
Carlos Leclerrc?!!
Ah yes, Carlos Leclerc.
No one noticing carlos leclerc?
Carlos Leclerc pole, Ferrari be dumfuk, Maximum with the win as it be always
CARLOS LECLERC
‘Carlos Leclerc’
No one else is gonna mention Jorge?
Carlos Leclerc 😂😂
Is it just me or did that say Carlos Leclerc on race winner?
Imma keep betting Carlos for the win until he does.
Let’s see we have Lewis remembering who he is and reminding the other British drivers who’s boss. Crazy race though which sees somebody else win (idk felt like making a crazy prediction but i only bet 10 tokens it’ll probably be Max if we’re being honest) and Leclerc continuing his trajectory of getting 75 poles and 9 wins by the time he retires
Omg stop
Clearly Mercedes is sand bagging and Hamilton will win
so excited!! how do i partake?

someone pleasse guide
For France I'm gonna say Max starts on pole but suffers mechanical problems and either retires or drops back. Charles wins after a battle with Checo.

Race ends up Lec - Per - Sai.
This is awesome how am I just seeing this now for the first time
I know nothing but my prediction is no cars finish
lots of people have the same mindset as me lol
Ferrari will box on the last lap
I am gonna speedrun running out of these because the law requires me to always go all in and solely vote for Checo
I predict lots of cars will
Wining Williams Wins Wild Week
in terms of money we have no money
Max runs train at the Dutch GP. I don’t see how it goes any other way unless he crashes (or is crashed) out.
If Latifi is on the grid, a safety car is all but guaranteed.
read it as ‘Will Ferrell’.
George Russell is an option for winning the race but not Lewis, LOL
i predict max verstappen
I hope the the Ferrari beauty will turn beast on raceday.
After you make your entries, it takes you to new reddit. boo!
i tried to understand this meme for like a good 5min until i realised it was an actual survey.
[deleted]
Lads. I'm saying Max is still invincible, but with the reduced drag penalty Ferrari will extend their advantage in qualifying. Max to win, Leclerc on pole.
Does anyone even comment on this thread anymore?
I’m still waiting on the correction from the last predictions. Haas scored points.
All in
Imagine if Leclerc and Perez will have DNF and Russell will win the race and get fastest lap, making him second in the championship.
Last race of the season all in baby
Well, there goes my last 140 points
Please can Russell be added as an option for 2nd in the driver's championship?
How do you get more tokens? 😅
I'm going all-in on Sainz 2022.
I fucking hate these predictions tournaments
Who the hell is "Carlos Leclerc"??
Still waiting on a way to hide these prediction posts...
Why option for Leclerc but not for Sainz? He has better chances .
Not working for the kings who use Apollo
I want to give a Yes to Hass question but there are always an incident for them
Heart says Leclerc, brain (and past trauma) says Hamilton.
Carlos missing from the TV feed and Carlos missing from the voting :(
HAAS WCC LETS GO
I've voted for No, Lewis, Lewis. This way, if the worst happens, I at least have this victory as a silver lining.
You bet on no1 ....
I’m on board the Ferrari hype train. Sharl Legreg for win and pole, and Haas to score points
I got 92nd out of however many last year so lets see how dar I drop from that this year.
oh no, not this again 😭
People are a lot less confident in the Mercedes sandbags now that there's steaks. Interesting
Everyone doubting Merc and the GOAT… bold call.
The question should be will
There be 3 safety cars that track is dangerous as fuck
SURELY there'll be a safety car right? I bet 100 tokens on it
My money on max charles got a bad history with street races
I'm putting the house on Haas
Who da hec is saying Haas will out score Alpine.
Am going to Australian Grand Prix. Will be fun
Wow even the poll  assumes Max’s car won’t work this weekend
im three hundreds in, imma go broke by the 4th race lol, luck favors the bold they say
Voting for Carlos win till he does
If Albon has anything to do with it, we’re looking at 0
Went with Sergio Perez for the win. Just feels like one of those weekends.
Bottas wins everythimg!!!!
All in on checo fk it
Voting for Sainz till he wins
Mercedes worst average position, Charles Leclerc on pole, Carlos Sainz win. Let's do this Chili, please return my tokens.
how can i never see this post again for the rest of eternity? can somebody help me out?
I have a feeling Bottas sneaks his way into a podium this weekend
I’m predicting another tragedy for Ferrari and Leclerc, not because I want to see it, but because it’s the the trend. A repeat of last year, Leclerc Poll goes out some how and max takes the win. Hopefully voting for it means it doesn’t come true.
13 hours and it’s now top of all time, Jesus
Okay I am new to predictions.

So when I am out of token do I have to pay to get more?

Or wait for next year season to start?
I don't know much, but I'll bet on the wrath of god from high atop the thing causing Max to not finish.
Can we also bet if Latifi will crash or not?
Who is the Canadian Driver?
So what do you guys think the future holds for Stroll? It's his 6th season and he is yet to do anything in F1, always hoping for better cars yet always light years away from his teammates
who the hell is "Carlos Leclerc?
Carlos leclerc?
Carlos Leclerc! the smart bet to get a payout on two drivers.
I gave all in a Canadian driver cant get a point. This was the most guaranteed bet i've ever did. All trust in latifi and stroll. 

It could be more intense if the bet says "a canadian driver crush" .
How do these prediction threads work?
Given what I know at the moment, I think Max will take pole but the new gearbox locations on Leclerc's car will give him the extra stability he needs to get the win.

And I'm betting George for highest Brit finisher, as he's yet to finish outside the top 5 in any race in the current Mercedes (and yet to not finish a race).

Edit: HOLY that didn't go as planned.
u/effulgency can I make a prediction that Mick will win a race this year?
No idea who Carlo is but I’m rooting for him
I think we're gonna see so messy shenanigans through the first couple corners and I'm leaning that no one from ferrari, RB, or Mercedes wins.. 

I think someone is going to want to make a statement and it's going to lead to DNFs or at least crippling damage that ruins pace. Whether it's Russell, hammy, Verstappen or Leclerc I don't know
I have no idea who any of these people are, let it ride on my main man Russell
As a ferrari fan I refuse to vote with my brain, only my heart
Anyone else missing tokens from the French GP? I was excited to finally get some predictions correct except for pole, but I don't see anything!
Ferrari is washed
I just started watching F1: Drive to Survive with absolutely no background in watching F1 before and my prediction is that I will have absolutely zero idea as to what is going on.
it’s raining so:

2 ferraris

1 max

1 bottas and 4 immediate cars infront of him

1 stroll

and 1 latifi just for fun

 so 10
Page not found
Given [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/wuu8pq/its_been_a_while_since_a_driver_took_successive/), I can confidently predict that Leclerc will win in Belgium! Please Ferrari :'(

Also, Vettel Driver of the Day for Abu Dhabi this year. You heard it here first :p
Going all in on Lewis Pole and win
By Aston Martin you mean Seb…
What date is this one going to be on
I have a feeling Mercedes are going to be quick
Asking for a friend, when does the next token drop for this season come?
[deleted]
Verstappen wins but i never can guess who will get pole position
I don’t know anything about Formula 1 but I always vote Carlos if I see his name.
f
Give me one good reason I shouldn't pick Max for pole and win right now.
I really wish I could do predictions on mobile 😩
How can I be in 4,000th place out of almost 300,000 players and have no tokens left???
I’m taking risks this week as I reckon there will be a Ferrari-Verstappen crash at the first corner
Didn’t even put Hamilton in the options smh
Helllll naaaaah!

Ferrari wouldn't be Ferrari without a fuckup somewhere
I'm a simple man

I see prediction tournament, I block user
Smoking good crack if you think max isn’t coming with a chip on his shoulder
I will never comply to mobile reddit so here I am. No prediction, because I literally can't.
Even if you run out of tokens, I'll declare you the winner if this happens.
I don't even know who they are or what the game is. Lol
Charles Leclerc will get pole



If he will win that is a different question
I'm calling another Leclerc pole to P2 finish in Austin, let's see what happens
No one will win, it will be canceled
I predict drivers will race in circles.
In light of his recent Brazilian citizenship, I really hope Hamilton wins
Mercedes
Counting on you Alonso!
I'm out of Tokens to vote, can someone send me some?  Thank you.
I bet the max amount possible, so if I got any wrong, I’m fucked.
Who gives a shit and how do I get rid of the polls?
Still five specific drivers as options? I thought last year's tournament results proved how disastrously bad of an idea that was?
Let me opt out of these stupid prediction games.
"Max, you are already world champion, for Mexico's sake, let checo have this"
Why do these prediction threads get so many upvotes in every subreddit??  Shouldnt these posts be pinned instead of absurd upvote manipulation?
I will never not downvote this thread. Artificially inflated nonsense
"The average lowest finishing position" doesn't mean the ones closer to 1 or 2???
This is misleading as you can consider low positons if you go "Top to bottom" from 1 2 3 4 5 or low in the mathematical meaning of it.
the best thing is that I have no idea what any of these things mean
Why are people upvoting a paid feature from reddit? Y'all take all my data and serve me non stop ads. I don't need super surveys for $60/year
I know nothing about formula1
Nothing against you guys but why the hell is this sub weighted so heavily by the reddit algorhythm?
Spam thread.
Fuck it. Hamilton on pole and to win in Silverstone. Why not?
Hey I wanna get into F1. Where can I watch? I’m in the US
My prediction is....

Cars will go round in circles in various locations across the globe.

What do I win ?
anyone who voted leclerc for a win at monaco is on some
“You could be a fuckin Azerbagina for all I know.”

                                                            - Michael De Santa
2021 Predictions Tournament

Damn they're really restricting this to new reddit huh?
When is the deadline for Silverstone? Qualifying for the sprint or the sprint itself?
I'm going for Bottas every race and you can't stop me.

edit: The one weekend I forget to place a bet he goes and wins...
Latifi gets points. Russell gets puncture so misses out on points by 5 secs. F1 reddit goes mad. Bottas consoles Russell by giving him his Monaco wheelnut.
Link is broken
[deleted]
Why is this back on the front page? Is Reddit being even more blatant with its attempt to force this thing on us?
This post is upvoted 36,000 times with 150 comments. What the hell this makes no sense
Max amount. Get it? Super Max?... No?
Can someone explain why this keeps popping up on my feed as a new thread when it's two months old?
This is a tough one my heart is telling me Lewis but my Mind is saying Verstappen
I will be betting on vettel every single time this is posted.
I am a simple man. I vote for Max, Max wins, I win.
Why does this thread keep poping up as a "new" one on /r/all ??
/u/spez your site is broke as fuck
Why does this say this was submitted 15 hours ago but the replies are from a month?
I wish this spam would stop showing up
does this not work on old reddit or smth?
Why does this keep appearing in my feed on r/all as a 12 hr old post. Eli5 please.
For extra awareness during the Saudi Arabia race weekend, there is a fundraiser to help Abbie Eaton recover from her broken back:

https://www.gofundme.com/f/help-abbie-eaton-recover-from-her-broken-back/
I'm in 7th place and want to tell my friends but I don't want them to know my username
40k upvotes 

Less than 200 comments.

I do not understand these polls. But I guess they’re popular.
[deleted]
I will stand by my prediction of Perez. I just have a feeling about this one, especially under this short format
i will never not pick someone else. haas have the winning pedigree within them and i see mazepin taking a win soon
Max Verstappen will not win or finish any race this week.

Because the race is next week.
84k points in 12 hours? On /r/f1? WHAT?!
How can I unsubscribe from all of these prediction tournaments? It's annoying as fuck.
What the fuck is this? 19 hours ago, 340 comments, some of them from 20 days ago, and 90k upvotes? Link doesn't even work.
Absolutely no one:...

2021 Predictions Tournament: I'M BAAAAAAAACK
Is there an easy way to filter out predictions tournaments without just blocking whoever posts them?
Every time i have voted for Hamilton he has lost to Verstappen. Let´s see if the curse continues
Ireland wins but Krum gets the snitch
Why does this have 3 month old comments and it's posted 1 day ago?
Why is this making it to the front again??
Hello again!
lmao now everyone's voting for Lewis... including me
The countries approach to human rights is a red flag in itself
Sorry there seems to be an issue. I can't seem to vote for mazepin to win :/ Seems rigged to me.
Block u/jeppe96 to stop seeing these on your front page
Why is this post showing it was created 6 hours ago yet there's comments from 2 days ago?
dont stop beliving in Sergio Perez!
How does this have 123k upvotes but when I click the link it sends me to a small sub with posts and hardly any upvotes?

So confused by this post.
Why the fuck does this say submitted 15 hours ago but have 3+ month old comments????
How do i get this shit out of my feed?
I'm confused as to why this is the all time most upvoted post on this subreddit.
At this point I just gotta keep picking Hamilton.  It's gotta happen eventually!  No more "magic buttons", Hamilton!
Why didn't you guys add Leclerc to this list? He literally was 2 laps away from win in Silverstone.
I am just betting Bottas for the win every race. We'll see if I run out of tokens or shoot up to the top of the standings first...
Another race week another vote to Hamilton to jinx him
On an unrelated note, as of writing this, this post is #201 of all time across reddit.
I didn’t even know this was going on. Been using Apollo for too long lol
The fabled Q&A:

Q:
>Will a Mercedes or Red Bull driver received a penalty this weekend?

A:
>Yes

>No
Under my own personal choice, I shall be withdrawing from the predictions tournament. I shall use my 2 tokens to buy a maccas cheeseburger.
I'm very confused by this.
Man I want Max to win so much, but I’m going all in on Lewis.

Based on what happend the last few races it doesn’t look good for Red Bull….
As much as I want Max to win the championship, I'm backing Lewis to win it
Fuck it 100 unicorns on Charles Leclerc win
Some intern at reddit pressed the wrong button or something? This 3 month old post is suddenly top of /r/all
How does this have 137k upvotes. These types of posts are clearly being manipulated by reddit. Don't they understand, we don't want new Reddit.
My heart says Max but my head says Lewis.
Went with Hamilton for all 3. With the form he is in nothing in going to stop him. Well maybe except for Verstappen kamikaze attack

Hey /u/jeppe96,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
WTF is this reddit? Stop scrambling the behavior here
Want Max to win but I'm betting on Lewis to win.
Checo
Mazepin wins every race from here on out, wins the championship, and his daddy buys him a small country as a present for his big, special boy.
I always go someone else. I’m just praying I get to see a first place shoey :( feelsbadman
Just incase anyone want to know I chose Lewis so Max will definitely win.
It must be a weird race if Max win this weekend. Bottas is really good here, check the results of recent years :)
How do I turn this bullshit off reddit. I'm happy this sub has this, but they're is no way to block it.
How are people betting on Max provided he has a 3-place grid penalty and a further penalty if he decides to go for a new engine in this race?
Me voting for Hamilton make Verstappen WIN. That dumb but i'm going for Hamilton again!!! Hoping Verstappen WIN
Hamilton will take a 5 grid penalty for the last three races to change engine.
bruh why everyone lost hope on verstappen
WHAT IS THIS FRESH HELL
Time for my annual Valtteri picks
I *want* Max to get pole and win the race and the championship. I *think* that Lewis will though
This post has 133k upvotes, what in the world.
#MAKE A NEW FUCKING POST
Am I the only one who's always confused by these posts, they lead to some subreddit and nothing else yet they're always front page.
I picked lando norris because Lando Calrissian was the original owner of the millennium falcon, which made the kessel run in 12 parsecs. Coincidence? I think not!
What is this.

Sincerely, someone who will never use new reddit.
*Totally* forgot about sprint quali being a thing
I'm going to keep putting up bets on "someone else" until it pays off. Odds of Ferrari pulling it out or any of the midfielders cheesing a win are small but nowhere near as bad as listed here.
I just hate that this whole prediction games that took over Reddit is not available on the Reddit is Fun mobile app, so I have to open the threads using the browser AND, often times, switch to desktop mode to see the polls.
I will continue to vote for bottas in these poles until he retires
Going with Lewis this weekend.

Normally i usually pick Checo for the outside chance.
But with his recent form, it would probably be safer to pick someone like Leclerc, since he almost won 2 weeks ago..
Fuck it, Lando Norris GP win.
I predict Hamilton will hit hit Ver with a blue shell at 2 laps to go, causing a DNF for Ver and Bottas (somehow), and securing the win for Ham. Hroner will complain to the FIA, who will note that blue shells usage, while cheap or "no fun", are well within the rules. Toto will tweet about finding a great deal on some pleated pants while shopping from his phone during the race.
Kimi is gonna retire, dunno why I feel he is…
Well… I was right
Just remember, Max can't have pole because of the 3 position grid penalty
Why did this feel like it costs me money but I wont find out untill later?
I don't see Mazeking in your poll.
Vettel 
Norris 
Alonso 
In that order
Max amount for Max.
Veratappen gets the snitch but Mercedes win the world cup
Just glad was here in this moment of mass confusion 🏁🏁🏆🏆🏁🏁
How is this posted 1 week ago if the comments are from 3 months ago?
Down to my last 10. Voting Hamilton has been a curse so hopefully my first vote for Max has the same effect, lol.
I'm all in for Max
Holding the line for a Latifi win. 💎👐🚀🚀🚀🚀
I somehow managed to get all three last time. Lets see if I can do it again 😂
ok how tf im in top 1000
broken and annoying. get your shit together reddit
Why does it say this was posted 12 hours ago but comments are from months ago?
Max for the championship, Bottas for the win. Yes I'm betting on a crash.
It's gonna be Kimi
Why has this got 146k upvotes?
How do I block this from appearing on the feed? Will blocking the op do the job?
I want to be wrong. Me and my three Lewis Hamilton bets. I want to lose everything I bet on lewis
It’s so dumb that you can only bet 100.
What is this shit!
This might be the greatest struggle between my heart and my head.
Ah yes reddit working as intended with our fresh 5 month comments

Hey /u/jeppe96,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Wtf is new reddit??
Wow,  I didn't even know there's a sprint qualifying this season
Why can I only pick ham or verstappen for the win? What if both ham and max get a DSQ from the season ( °-°)
How is this first on the front page?
Lol, it’s back in to the top, all you from r/all, this old and it is about F1

Check out Drive to Survive on Netflix for early intro.
Yo what is this wacky Facebook ass shit. This shit exactly *isn't* what I use Reddit for.
Ever since this started I’ve always picked Max and it’s working so far
Sergio always come back stronger after a bad loss
Where Charles Leglerg?
I'm predicting another crash, but this one takes them both out. 

Pretty unlikely, but the odds for either max or lewis winning just aren't worth it.
sigh...i've voted for someone else every time in hopes that DRic decides to show up one day.
Another 10 for Landoooooo. Never rule out McLaren.
[deleted]
i hope not the rain
Link doesn't work anymore
Bottas. Every race.
Is there anyway to opt out of the long orange screen after making a prediction?
Isn’t Verstappen getting a new PU this race? Is that confirmed? Because of his penalty last race
I don't know why but I guess Bottas will be the man
~~okay, so since max took the engine penalty in sochi, the 3 grid penalty is applied here. Didn't realize that.~~ ~~Interesting.~~

~~Should've done that before I picked max for pole. lol~~

Edit: check timestamps. I'm an idiot.
What in the everlasting…?
LGD will win second place
Woo hoo! Top of r/all
Austin has seen crazy things (like Kimi winning his last race) so I will go out on a limb and say one of the Ferraris will win
I had a dream, the results for the US GP. Made a 3$ bet, payout would be 900$. I believe in a clusterfuck of a race.
I don’t have any points left :(
Ferrari beats McLaren. Verstappen wins the next race and gets pole.
I want max win , but I think Lewis get pole
 Can’t participate with only 6 points left
Connecting shitty companies with shitty people since 2021!
This is officially the top post on r/formula1 lol
Here's how Checo can still win the WDC
Alright, I either go broke on tournament coins or crack the top 30,000 this week
As an F1 fan: 😞

As a Lewis Fan: 😁

I’m so conflicted right now.
Hello darkness my old friend
Lewis and Max gonna CRASH into eachother. Max gonna win out of some technicality rule since they are tied. Bottas gonna win.
All in for Super Max
Better question would be will either Lewis or Max get a DNF?
THIS HAS BEEN REALLY FUN THIS YEAR.  THANK YOU FOR THIS!

&#x200B;

Also, support Abbie Eaton friends.
🙏 Super Max
Why Lando not an option? Lando will win the whole thing guaranteed
Balls deep on Lewis
I don’t know a thing about formula 1 but the name lando is cool so I went with him
I’m not huge into f1 and barely know anything about it but I think Lewis hamilton is like the Tom Brady of f1 lmao
Why is this front page with no context or /formula1? Like i'm happy for you guys but why do I have to click the link to find out they are talking about f1 and not a general prediction tournament about the crazy shits thats going to happen in 2021?
Why does this keep happening
man, i just want to see honda leaving F1 with style and WDC ...
RIP reddit lmao wtf are 4 month old pages doing at the top of all. Digg circa 2010 move right there.
Why the heck 4 months old post is appearing at the top of r/all?
Stop showing us this shit we just want to look at memes and bully kids who play fortnite
i kinda hope hamilton wins this one and verstappen dnf. will make the championship battle fun!
135K upvotes? For real?
How do I get this crap to not be recommended again?
Ok where is Vettel
The second time voting here did 100tokens on my first vote. Just wanted someone to explain to me the difference 100 and 30 tokens makes for me?
I always vote mazepin Im almost out of tokens but damn u all i Will be token Millionaire One day
I think Max is going to win.
Gotta keep voting lewis until he finally wins again
Hopefully George can do well in both
Imagine having a RTX3070 (2021)
All in on Latifi
Does this include during the sprint qualifying? Bc I feel like some people are gonna push super hard and gonna result in a sc
Lando by way of spectacular miracle
o yeah time for the Italian combo Italian Jesus p1 leclerc p2 sainz p3 Raikonnen p4 gasly p5 Tsunoda p6
I’ve really gotta stop voting 100 on Bottas winning, I’m gonna go broke
Could it be that deleting the old prediction threads also erases all the points won in these predictions? Seems like the points for everyone, who always voted for Max so far, are much lower than they should be (500 + something). So deleting old threads doesn't seem like a good idea, since it will skew the results towards just the last (not deleted) race instead of the whole season.
It's just a white page. Does that mean Max Verstappen?
Pastor Maldonado, after a sensational unexpected return
Never watched F1, how do I get into it or understand what’s going on
Ricciardo to get a podium at SilverStone, Hamilton to blow a tyre and Russell to score points. Verstappen will win.
Super Max
Nikita mazepin
I honestly think that Bottas will win the sprint race tho. I think for him, pace was never the issue when it comes to fighting with Hamilton, it’s the tyre management that’s the problem. That’s why Bottas could roughly match Hamilton in quali but fall of during the race. Without the need for tyre management I think he’ll finally be able to make the difference.
I'll quite happily take a Lando win with Max 2nd and George 9th. 

Add in two Mercedes DNFs and I'll get more trollied than I did last Sunday.
The what?
Get in there Lewis!
Landooo
Definitely pulling for a Lando win this weekend. Dude has been on fire and he's due for that top step of the podium.
سکس گی
A lot of max verstappen stans
Voted with my brain when my heart wanted Lando.
How do we get in on this?
I've been losing money by betting on Hamilton for so long that now that I actually won last week, I don't know what to do, hahaha! :D

Actually, maybe vote for my guy, Lando?
Fuck it. Lando. My boy has gotta get his first win one of these days.
Stone ocean won't come out this year. I know it sucks m8.
I hate that I always lose at this...
Bottas WDC 2021
Norris for sprint qualifying.
Bottas for the race.
LANDOOOO SEND ITTT
It’s ok guys, I voted other so that means it will be ver ham bot
Im just gonna go with Max because he seems like a sure thing always .
Haas wins
With how this season is going, I'm picking someone else. Watch how Stroll wins Sochi, anything can happen
Where is the Putin man? I mean he owns the whole GP, right?
I have no fckn idea
Nikita Mazewin for sure
So, who had Ricciardo in the last race?
Lando redemption arc
I love how Lando is listed here, even Bottas, but no love for ricciardo, despite him being the one that has actually won this year and the other two havent.

Has been the story of his career really. Grossly underatted driver.

&#x200B;

edit: and now that i read it i see it says "pole position" not "win" the race. This is then fair. I think he has a better chance of winning than getting pole.
Hamilton will prob win but would love to see ricciardo on top of the podium again
Lando is a real name? I thought that was on of those bs names that Lukas came up with
Why can I not predict
Someone check the weather first!
Hi mum, I'm on TV.
Max on pole and winner from lights to flag
I really don't want to play original Unreal Tournament
Hi everyone
I honestly liked the 2021 testing. It kinda felt like a podcast with fast cars going VROOM in the background. Oh, and Checo finally having a top team drive was a good read.
Betting on the home hero
yeah no
I'd like to predict a black and white checkered flag.
What's with the stickied comment with Abbie Eaton's Go Fund Me which she has [tweeted she had taken down](https://twitter.com/AbbieEaton44/status/1467517248051060736?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet)?

Is something dodgy going on here?
It shows this post was submitted a day ago, but it also has 178k upvotes and comments 5 months old. What?
I mean if max doesn't crash he will win
Why is this on the front page
Oh, this again
Oh great, more f-ing predictions.
170k upvotes, 19 hours ago, comments from 4 months ago.

Seems legit.
Have you seriously just counted out Ferrari who are good on slow speed tracks?
Hope not Hamilton
Dutchman wins the Dutch GP. This is the way.
If you could eliminate a race within the year, which would it be, and why?
From my perspective, and it’s not going to be a popular one, but it would have to be Monaco. As years have gone by, it’s become too much of a procession/parade than a race for me, not enough space or opportunities to overtake on the circuit, making it more of a team tactics battle rather than a race. I do like the addition of some of the recent circuits such as Singapore and Azerbaijan as they have great opportunities for overtaking with some smart planning on the driver’s part.

EDIT: Front page - I’m so sorry to all the confused redditors! Also thank you to whomever gifted platinum, gold, and silver for this post. RIP inbox.

EDIT 2: Some of you requested I make a post on /r/tifu about this, so here you go! https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bndou6/tifu_by_asking_reddit_which_ethnic_group_to/?

EDIT 3: I am in disbelief at this post being the #1 post on this sub! Absolutely incredible.
CTRL+F, "Montreal" = 0/0. Good.
I don’t see race...

... F1TV wouldn’t let me.
I frequent this sub so it took me an embarrassingly long time to realize why this was on the top of /r/all
This reminds me of the joke "what's a NASCAR fans favorite race? WHITE!"
I would say the middle eastern races should both go, but one of them is clearly better than the other. You may stay Bahrain.
Came for the racism, stayed for the accidental racism.
OP also has posts in /r/BBW asking about his BMW car
This will be amusing if it hits /r/all

Edit: Hi /r/all :)
The poor mods.
Defiantly Russia, A 5 year old with some crayons could design a better track than that…
Came here from r/all and would like to say your mods are doing an amazing job keep this comment section relevant to the actual sub.   I was expecting a shitshow & was happy to be disappointed.  Well done, I'd offer you a cookie if I could.
Sochi and Abu Dhabi. Flip a coin and I'll take either result.
The French. 

In both interpretations.
Liberty should watch and learn how to attract new fans into F1 world through this sub.
Russia
[deleted]
Monaco is generally crap to watch but when you’re there, the atmosphere is like no other. It really is magical. 
Hope it never goes
*read title*  
  
Wtf ? 
  
*read subreddit name*  
   
Oh, it's ok  
  
Edit : thank you for silver :)
/r/Formula1 is the strongest sub at trolling /r/all

Hey /u/Sonums,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
ITT:

- Racers confusing r/all

- r/all laughing about being fooled

- Racists
I would eliminate Zandvoort if they make the deal. You'd soon understand why
Saw this post in new earlier. Logged back in now, I just went to r/all and was very confused why this post is on top. Completely forgot what 'race' means in a wider context for a second. Definitely one of the most hilarious things that have happened on this sub.
Pack it up boys, this is how r/formula1 gets banned from Reddit
Just here for the comments.
Monaco was never about the overtaking...Monaco is about the quali and surviving the race...

Yes we need to change the cars to make things like last year not possible anymore, but you need to realise what monaco is about...
/r/nocontext
If it was exclusively about racing, then Monaco.
I'm a bit sad this took over the top post on r/formula1 from kimi's COTA win
Some blue-checked twitter blowhard is gonna see this thread and write an article on how redditors are a bunch of anti-monacoiens and it’s absolutely disgusting.
These are the days it's worth sorting by [Rising] Hi subreddit I've never visited before.
People are talking about Hitler and stuff, but in a certain way he did eliminate every race.

Due to the WWII, the European Championship halted. The 1939 Championship had no winner declared (even though they ran every event), non-championship races still were held between 1940 and 1942 and a single race was held in 1945. But no Grand Prix races held between 1943 and 1944.

After the war, there was no Euro Championship, but only a "Grand Prix season", which is not small despite the "only". But those 2 years of no race got me giggling. I'm a horrible person :)
If it was based purely from a racing stand point then I would get rid of Monaco. However it's just such an iconic track that it would be wrong to do so.

That being said I would probably choose Sochi, the racing isn't good and it's not exactly an attractive looking circuit either.
I'm extremely puzzled as to why this thread has blown up.

Edit: ah, I reread the title. Lol
I would eliminate Human-Kree hybrids. They’re clearly overpowered.

Other than that, yes Monaco. For me it’s the dullest race of the season.
Imagine being the one person that doesn't know what the hell Formula1 even means seeing this title on the frontpage.
Here from r/all   

Oof.  You guys got me good.
Phrasing!
Paul Ricard. Unless they get rid of the epilepsy-inducing paint job.
Ahhh... The motorsports kind of race...
See you on the front page.
Users: This will be funny if it hits /r/All

/r/formula1 mods: Pls stop
Sochi and Abu Dhabi
Elves. 

Self-righteous bastards have it coming.
We actually get one of these every few days or so. So let me sum up all the answers.

Monaco - Saturday is the race, modern boats cannot overtake here.

Abu Dhabi - Very often a boring Tilkedrome that is a very anticlimatic season ender.

Melbourne, Singapore, [almost any street circuit] - No overtakes.

Sochi and Baku - Hosted at Petrostates and boring layout, (Baku whenever drivers have their brains screwed correctly.)

France - Paul Ricard is a testing circuit, not a racing circuit. Terrible runoffs. Shit traffic to the circuit.

Hungaoring and Barcelona - Hard to overtake.

EDIT: I'm listing out most opinions to questions like the OP. Opinions are not my own, stop asking. Reading is apparently really hard.
Monaco is fine because the Indy 500 is after and it usually delivers so I quickly forget about Monaco. It has to be Sochi, a boring uninspiring track that doesn’t produce good racing and every race there has been like a 3/10
All the kleptocracies / dictatorships / totalitarian states.  If  you don't provide basic human rights for your citizens, no GP for you.  Bahrain, China, Azerbaijan, Singapore, Russia, Abu Dhabi.  There are only races in these places because the kleptocrats in charge paid off Bernie.  It's the last vestige of Bernie's stink left in F1 and it needs to go.
I think people look at Monaco wrong. I love it. Yes, the races are often lacking, but not always in the past 3 years, they've at least been *eventful*, even if lacking on-track action. And it's also the most intense qualifying of the year. Watching these cars tear through those streets in quali trim, is worth a boring race IMO.



If it were me, I'd remove one of the races held in countries with, shall we say, *questionable* human rights records.
Sochi, boring as hell.
I wouldn't remove any, since there is not an outstanding track that bores or annoys me too much.

I would like to switch the order. I like the Australian gp, but it isn't the best to start with in my opinion.

Starting with 2 races with a lot of potential overtakes. First a track that requires a good chassis and down force and second a top speed track. That would make the start of the season interesting. Overtakes and to see where the teams stand at the beginning with these heavy characteristics.
Some people will never understand why Monaco is special. What race would I eliminate? Russia.
I was gonna answer “the human race”, but that was before I realized this isn’t /r/AskReddit
I can’t believe so many people here want Monaco gone. That track has so much history. It’s every F1 drivers dream to win at Monaco. It’s a spectacle like no other in motorsport. To me it’s blasphemy to say that track should be cut.
I don't get the hate for Monaco tbh.

I mean it's true that overtaking and overall positional changing is extremely hard, and if you're set through in qualifying, you do invariably end up on the podium barring a DNF. but that's the thing - it's so easy to mess up on that track. The lanes are thin (Street style) and corners narrow, and the hairpin is an extreme. Safety car adds an additional dimension.

Just my opinion tho, always fun to see drivers race in different conditions and this hard track is def something I enjoy. (not so much on F1 2019 tho)
Sochi. It's no contest, a shit track and it would make Putin sad. ;)
r/topmindsofreddit is gonna be all over this sub now
I'm gonna say the 800M dash.  Too long to be a true dash.  Not long enough to be a true endurance race.
Sees we hit #1 on Trending

I'm so proud of this community.
And here I was, thinking Jean Pierre Jabouille was always going to be our best work. Congratulations /u/Sonums.
It hit /r/all. That title had me in the first half, I'm not gonna lie.
Lol on /r/all I was like "wut?"
Half the circuits on the calendar have been mentioned on this thread.

What circuits would you guys like to see replace these ones if you removed all of these?
Russia, never had any entertaining races and devoid of any character
Damn racist post! Wanting to kill people from Monaco! Burn the witchhh
None of them, I'd rather a boring race than no race!
Australia doesn't seem to produce great races all that often (that I can remember). That doesn't really show up since it's the first race of the season and people are usually just excited for the return of the sport.

Also, I just want Interlagos to be the final race every season.
Monaco is good because of course it's historic, but I think it's also good to have a tactical race on the calendar. I look forward to it because it's *different*.
Jesus, always check the sub
Russia. Literally brings nothing to F1 and races are always most boring there.
The ones where Hamilton wins at
London Marathon, it clogs up the city for a whole weekend
[removed]
Baku.. poor management of the circuit, and the last race had many errors that could’ve been avoided easily if the circuit officials did some proper inspections and planning
So most of us are here for same reason right
Abu Dhabi. Terrible last race of the season with no real F1 fans around the circuit.
Why do people want to wipe out the Monegasques?
Came here for the vile, repugnant racism. Stayed for the Race-ism.
And that's why we have two different words for race and race in german.
Gotta love the comments from people who haven’t realized the context here and are just openly discussing actual ethnic cleansing with suggestions on which race they’d actually like to take out
Rainbow Road
Zandvoort. You can't even overtake there in a rollerskate race.
*sorts by new*  
Yep this definitely hit /r/all.... rip mods
Came in here expecting a racist rant lol
r/accidentalracism
[removed]
Yeah I agree with Monaco (though Sochi and Abu Dhabi would also be strong candidates for removal). Also, I really hate all this stars, divas and glamour bullshit. Brainless VIPs pretending to enjoy F1... Utterly useless interviews of them... Urgh...


True there are VIPs and VIP interviews at every race, but Monaco has by far the highest density of useless people.
Abhu Dabi, so we don't have a final race.
there are quite a few but if i had to chose one it would be sochi. it just has literally 0 upsides.
sochi
Sochi or Abu Dhabi for me. Neither are very good tracks, the organization seems a bit dull and lackluster, and I always feel like they are lacking in atmosphere. Poor crowds and uninspiring races.
*sorts by controversial *
Just....thank you, OP.

Truly thank you. I needed this laugh so much today.
I can't believe this is going to be the new top post of this sub. Rip COTA 2018.
Title of the year goes to...
russia, it's awful.
The Presidential Race
[Mongorians](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqF4pbk5raA)
Hahaha, can't wait to see the racists and racers mix.
BYE BYE ORCS, SEE YA FUCKOS
OP, what have you done?
*Hitler has entered the chat*
Mother Russia her race
Barça for bottling it again
Sochi, without a doubt. There are too many good historical tack in Europe not to include more of them (maybe not zandvoort as first choice, but still).
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie
r/formula1 is one of the weirdest sub out there. A post on it about Kimi winning a race has about 550 gold medals and now this...love you r/formula1.
OP wins the internet for today.
tfw when I grab dinner, watch all of qualifying, drive home, work on some assignment, make plans for the rest of the weekend and open r/formula1, and Willowx is still going at it.
Abu Dhabi should be moved to a different date, not eliminated entirely.

As for a race to get rid of, I'd probably take out Azerbaijan or Sochi. I didn't really like the racing much there
Holy fuck OP,a tifu and AMA. Stop milking it, damm
This story of Charles Leclerc broke my heart

Guy has a hollywood story of a life.
You gotta love the guy, between his father and Bianchi he went through a lot when he was really young. He really deserve to achieve great results, my hopes for Ferrari in the next few year are high, I believe they'll do good with the new regulations.
I can see why he’d do that. I’ve been in a similar position and if you never have, it’s painfully difficult to tell someone bad news when they have maybe only days or even hours left. I don’t think anyone would have thought ill of his actions even if he hadn’t eventually signed to Ferrari.
dude also put on an absolute show of a race the day AFTER his dad died. 

I still think about that whenever I have to go to work after a personal issue. Like, who the fuck am I to complain?  Charles is many years my junior and went out and blasted an F2 event while coping with his father dying.
Charles is so hard not to like. He encapsulates everything about being a gentleman driver, and remains humble even when he outperforms the car he’s driving in. I wish nothing but victory for this man in the coming years. Go on, Mr. Leclerc.
As someone who lost the father at very young age, stories like these make me tear up in no time :(
Ferrari sort your shit out and give Charles a championship winning car!!!
Charles has done nothing impress me with his maturity.  He is a class act and I look for to watching his career.
If this man isn't the toughest little bastard in F1 I don't know who could take it. He is truly an inspiration on so many levels. At almost 42 years old, it is amazing looking up to a 20-something kid that has already accomplished and been through more in his short life than others do in a lifetime.

You Charles are an athlete worth emulating.
Geez, Charles has been through some shit.
Charles has gone through a lot. Jules Bianchi, his father, Anthoine Hubert... He's a great driver, and he's humble. I was so happy for his first wins in 2019, I wish that Ferrari will be able to develop a championship-winning car and help him have the title he deserves.
He drives the hell out of that car every race. Respect to him.
I hope in 10 years, I can wake up on race day and say, “Damn, I hope someone else wins today - Charles has won way too much.”

It’s the least he deserves.
As Carlos said Charles is forged by tragedies
Didn’t expect the f1 sub to pull at my heart strings.
And this guy had one of his best friend died on the same weekend of his first F1 win. All the home races turn to heartbreak. I feel for him.
Wow. That's a very intimate thing to share, fair play to him. As someone who's lost both parents quite young, can understand where he's coming from having to grapple with what to say, what not to say, it's tough. One things for sure, his father would be proud of him.
He wasn’t lying, he was manifesting
God damn.

Wish the guy all the success.
And this is partly why I will never complain if he ever reaches the level of domination Hamilton has. The guy exhales determination and perseverance even in the hardest moments, he deserves all the success and I don't doubt he'll reach big heights if not championships in the proper car.
This guy's motivation levels are at another level. He is not racing to just make his name, he is racing to fulfil dreams of his loved.
I get it. I would have done it as well. Nothing else matters in that last week. Charles is a great dude, for talking about it and being real about it. I would expect my mom to have a similar comment but it likely would be from a place of doubt, not anger. And I would have stuck to my guns.

Selfishly, I would want my dad to be proud. Presumably Ferrari had always been the goal for them. To tie a bow on that “with credit” matters and I’m sure was amazing for his dad.
I fucking love this guy.
That first win most have felt so special
Say what you want, Charles and Max are two very tough boys
It's the first time I'm hearing about this story and my God, it gave me goosebumps.

Charles... ❤

I'm sure that your dad is proud of you.
❤️

Ferrari get this man a decent car already
Not even a racing fan but this story choked me up.
I don’t know anything about formula 1, I’m just from r/all but damn that’s an emotional story. It seriously sounds like a scene from a movie.
Wtf. Y’all over here trying to make me cry at work.
My appreciation for Charles just went up the roof now
He has a heart of gold. You can hear it when someone crashes. You can acknowledge it during interviews. And you can feel it through his demeanor. He is my favorite race car driver.
I respect Charles a lot. I wish he hadn’t taken Kimi’s seat, but I get it. He’s a good driver and is the present and future of Ferrari.
One thing I admire about Charles is how he said mental strength used to be his biggest weakness. But now he believes it’s his biggest strength. I wrote a short piece about him for my newsletter. And it amazed me when learning about how he’s pushed through and made it this far after losing his father, godfather and close friend.
Aw hell, now I'm a Leclerc fan.
Charles is a great guy, a future world champion for sure. I am not a huge Ferrari fan myself, but I am sure Ferrari can go through this dificult time for them. Seeing like 4 teams, Mercedes, Redbull, Ferrari and Mclaren fighting for an actual championship is something I would love to see happen.
God I love Charles, what a guy
I lost my mom two months ago, I’m not ready for this thread. Charles, I 100% get you, I’d have done the same.
Who’s cutting onions in this damn thread…
He tells a version of this story in an interview with Will Buxton at the Monaco GP in 2018, it actually brings Will to tears mid interview. Devastating stuff.
He is so under rated as a person he has been through so much and yet fought through and came all the way to the top massive respect to him
Charles the Great
BADASS 

i like him and Ricciardo the most - rooting for both
Great story.
This man needs to catch a fucking break, extremely talented driver no doubt, just massively unlucky.
When my dad died I promised him I'd be ok. I wasn't ok.
didn't think it was possible to like him more than I already do. respect!
this is actually heartbreaking
Before my grandma died, I told her I would go to Harvard and become a lawyer, but I got rejected.  🥴
Leclerc always seems such a humble and subtle driver compares to other driver at his age. Beside his father, there's another story with Bianchi. Leclerc is destined to join Ferrari and make it great again.   
He performed nice consistently in the poor car last year with a good attitude. I have faith he will become a greater driver.
And people think this guy got it easy.

He is the proof that hard work pays off. Everything he got, he earned it, and therefore he deserves it - and that is why he can say with a clean conscience that he did not lie that day.

He's already one of the greats.
Charles is such a nice guy. I'm about to cry.
My pet peeve is being lied to. HOWEVER if I was on my death bed and I was told a lie by my children to give me peace I’d be ok with that.
He did lie though. He said he signed when he hadn't. Just because he did it in the future doesn't mean he didn't lie.

At least he made up for the lie though.
dude can convert bad energy to awesome performanes like baku? 2017 or belgium 2019
I've always liked Leclerc because of his story.
His story of the recent Monaco Grand Prix is pretty heartbreaking too
Manifestation
Can't wait to see the movie they make of Charles's life.
And then Antoine died the weekend he won Belgium. Sweet jesus.
I actually love this guy
Aaaaaaand I’m crying.
I remember when Leclerc raced for Sauber in 2018, he was aggressive and would be fighting hard from the middle or back of the pack. He drove like he had something to prove then, and I’m sure that part of it had to do with the promise he made to his dad.
That's so weird. My grandma has just died... Around 1hour ago 😢
Guys, this is very misleading. Here' what actually happened: 

***"He knew his father, Herve, was close to the end. So Charles told Herve that he had been guaranteed an F1 drive for 2018. Only he hadn't.***

  
***"It was a bit earlier than I had really signed," Leclerc recalls, "but in the end I didn't lie because I am here and now in Ferrari, which feels incredible.""***

OG article: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/47523208
much respect
Who's cutting these ninja onions?
Yes you still lied but for a good reason. The fact that your lie became fact is beside the point.
This is some anime shit here dude. I can't even begin to imagine the thoughts in his head since he said that to when he actually got signed
dam it, who is cutting onions around here
How can you not keep cheering this guy on
Why onions why....
Damn he’s inspirational
Ok I cried lol I’m not even a Leclerc fan but I grew up racing with my dad and I love him so much. Damn
This man has such a sad backstory: loses one of his closest people in 2013(jules bianchi) his dad in 2018(I’m assuming I haven’t looked into it might edit later) and  one of his closest friends in 2019(antione Hubert)

Rip to all three
Stay strong fellow redditors
Such a kindness. His father must have felt very proud. Hopefully Leclerc is provided a car that can fight for the championship soon.
His growing up with Anthoine Hubert and his reaction to his death broke my heart.  Technically the various TV docu-stories did that. Charles won that race that race that weekend.
I get these goosebumps every time
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Kinda irrelevant but I fucking love that picture of him getting out of the car in I think Singapore

Edit: found it https://www.instagram.com/p/B2eezjWo_a1/?utm_medium=copy_link
Leclerc: burden is my copilot.
Technically he did lie but I like how he turned it into a vow
Honestly I would say just getting into F1 is a big achievement in itself......
Just hope Ferrari is able to figure their shit out and make a good car for him.

He's one of the younger guys I like and don't feel like he's an asshole.

But it worries me because the only time Ferrari did well was when they were **cheating** with that gas injection trick.

Glad Leclerc has been able to win a few since then, but Ferrari still has a lot of work to do.
Maybe u saw future who knows, now bring that title back to Italy
[Me after reading this](https://64.media.tumblr.com/4a013fe628707018f24e041779527eac/4dbc8b63e79e1e27-fd/s640x960/584f4838090409609d2ab10106d8db8528b4e1e0.gifv)
Sometimes we're forced to say things  you know could help the other person, but could actually be out of character for the one who says it, and has to live with it.

 I know too many people who can lie with a straight face, because they actually believe it! I'm sure there's a word for it. In the case of Charles, I don't believe he's one of those people, but  he was willing to live with it in order to give his dad a moment of joy. 

In the end, he was blessed. Now, keep those red cars going fast!
As someone who recently lost my father, this hits me in the feels.
This man deserves a WDC.

After all the shit he's been through, Ferrari needs to give him a truly competitive car.
This guy better have a movie when he retires. This, his curse at Monaco, and so much more
The guy has main character energy we're all npc's.
Reminds me of that moment in Rocky 3 when Rocky lost to Clubber Lang and told the dying Mickey he won
as much as i dont like ferrari i want them to have success for charles and carlos. forza carlos and charles i guess?
Why are there so many ninjas slicing onions today?
Self fulfilling prophecy is about stating something you want in the future & then achieving it. Motivational speakers often teach this to clients, to place their dream in their waking conscience so they work towards it. It’s been proven effective. You achieve what you focus on.
Geez, who the hell is cutting all the onions in here :'(
Love this!!!
Damn that's heavy
He is doing him proud that's for sure. What a racer he is. Him and Max are keeping the sport interesting in my opinion, alongside Lando as well.
Some of the F1 drivers are really heroic
I'm not crying, you are.
The pedant in me is upset, but the rest of me is also upset. It's a special story.

I'd like to see his heart manifest towards people outside of his personal circle.
geez...just, wow. i'm in tears. didn't know his dad passed. I'm sure he did it to make his dad feel happy before he passed on. was it a prediction that he made? who knows. maybe his dad knew? but grief makes you do weird things, especially when you know when your loved one is going to die at any time.
Wow... I’m not crying...
Now I gotta explain to my boss why I'm crying. Thanks.
I met this guy in Texas awesome time.
It's too early to cut onions
Charles' story saddens me a lot, but on the other hand, he has a story worthy of a legend. That's why I want him to win multiple championships. His life story and talent require him to win multiple championships.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Great driver and great person Leclerc!
Brand new to F1 started watching 2 weeks ago and catching up on the 2022 season. He has quickly become the guy I decide to root for. Thanks for sharing

Hey /u/hackedhacker,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
He did lie though.
dam, who is cutting onions?

all jokes aside, I admire when people do this. Charles seems like a humble hard working guy and even though I'm a red bull fan, I'm rooting for Charles and really hope he wins a couple of championships with Ferrari
Sorry, but there's a lot of cringe in this thread lmao.
Can’t help but root for this guy
I don't watch F1, hell I don't even like it, but goddamn you are making me cry :(
[removed]
It's not a lie ffs. He knew his dad wouldn't be around when it happened so he brought the announcement forward by a year so that his dad can be proud of him before he goes.
You did lie to him that day, Charles. You told him you already signed. The fact that you actually did sign later doesn't mean it was the truth.

That said, I absolutely don't blame the guy for doing that. It was a white lie but done out of kindness to someone else rather than for self gain.
I mean, you still lied. Not that I think it was wrong to do and I'm happy for him as a person. I only somewhat follow F1 but I've enjoyed rooting for him in the past.
I can't comment on anything. I've been trying on all the pages I follow but it says I don't have karma. How do I fix this?!
What happened to this his father? 

Man, Charles has been through some very rough patches in life.
In a completely selfish way... I can't wait for this guy's autobiography.
I'm not crying, it's raining
I got tears in my eyes actually
Why do I have tears in my eyes.
🙏🏽
Who the fuck turned on the sprinklers in here.
But, he did lie though.
When my dad was in hospice, I lied and told him Trump dropped out of the election.
fuck, forza charles
That really is a moving story. Glad it turned out that he didn't lie.
Now that's a white lie done right.  Too many people abuse those.
Is there Anywhere I can get a full recap of his life? Really interested in this, but would love more context.
It must be hard to be Charles growing up. Imagine at his father's dying moments Charles is still pressured to be what his father wanted him to be, and he lied about it just to make him happy. This is some high level elitist shit.
People can forge their own destiny, as long as you believe and work your ass off. Your destiny is your own to make of it.
This makes me love Charles even more
I don’t like him simply from a competitive standpoint but this won me over a bit
I'm not crying, YOU ARE !
Still lied that day....
I'm not crying, you're crying
:(
Wow now I feel really bad about rooting against him for the Ferrari drive and insisting on Kimi being the wiser choice.
He did actually lie on that day, but the lie became reality a couple years later. It was still a lie, plain and simple.
How does one get into this sport? Be insanely wealthy? Connections? Mario cart champ?
[deleted]
Ehhhhhh. You still lied.
I mean, he still lied.
Still lied at the time lol
Isn’t this a place for memes?
But he did lie that day none the less..
Well, I mean, he still lied. It just so happens that he would have been able to get away with it
Yeah you did wtf you lied to your dying father
It seems he does not know what lying is.
Max Verstappen wins the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix

Toto waiting for Masi in the parking lot
Another day, another Sainz podium overshadowed by something else.
"We went car racing" Toto is going to fucking murder Masi
Lewis’s dad congratulating Max and Jos behind the scenes is big wholesome vibes
Surprised Toto's desk is still in one piece
Toto’s “NO MICHAEL!!! NO NO NO” will be a great clip for the archives
What did I just see!?!?
Mick Schumacher with the biggest galaxy brain move of all time: Run Latifi off the road to get his tires dirty, Latifi becomes the sacrificial lamb, Lewis doesn't win title 8 to break his dad's record.
IS THAT LATIFI
This will surely go over well hahaha
What the fuck is happening
#Michael Masi literally said fuck it HAHAHAHA
What the fuck just happened
Omg wtf was that ending
I mean props to Hamilton. I don't think any of the other drivers would have been so composed in the interview.

EDIT: Super-human composure at least in my opinion.
No matter who you supported today, the way race control handles this needs to change.

I'm not just talking about the restart. Giovinazzi was out there without yellow flags for 20s.
#**WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED**
how is lewis so calm, id be fuming. dude is wishing people merry christmas
What the fuck
WHAT WAS THAT
Fucking respect for Lewis after this interview. I cannot fathom how hard that must've been. Gut wrenching. Props to this great man.
Bono is speechless like most of us.
[removed]
As soon as Latifis car hit that barrier they should have thrown the red out if they wanted a race
This is gonna be a shitshow
Simply put, if ALL the lapped cars were allowed to unlap themselves then the race would have finished under a safety car, Lewis would have won. 
If there was no unlapping allowed, Lewis would more than likely have won. 
If inexplicably only the 5 cars between Lewis and Max were allowed to unlap themselves (which until now is unheard of), then it's a one lap shoot out which Max is pretty much guaranteed to win.

Are we sure Don King isn't a secret main shareholder in F1😂
What the fuck did I just watch
Toto is absolutely fuming!
3 words.  

What. The. Fuck
“We went car racing” fucking Massi dude
I'm a Max fan but I have to say I have really mixed feelings about this race, like so many previous ones too.

FIA really needs to get their act together. This season we finally had two drivers and teams fighting for the championship but there were too many questionable calls made by FIA.

EDIT: Also huge respect for Lewis for his attitude, congratulating max and thanking everyone and not saying a single negative thing. I think Max has a long way to go to match this side of Lewis. He did absolutely nothing wrong, drove the hell out of that car and I feel really bad for him :(
Should have red flagged with 3 laps to go, let them all change tires, regrid them and let them go at it.
Can ANYONE explain why the ONLY cars allowed to unlap were the ones between Max and Lewis?


None of the other cars unlapped, the 14 other cars behind Max were not given permission to unlap.
WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST WATCH

GOATIFI TO GET A SEAT AT REDBULL
This is the craziest fucking shit I've ever seen.
Masi need to learn that not following the rules because it interferes with the title fight *is* interfering with the title fight.
Why were only 5 cars allowed to pass? Why not the entire field???
[removed]
Im glad my boy sainz got a podium , but what the fuck did i watch ?

Why were some lapped cars allowed through ? Why did checo just retire? What happened in turn 1? Whats happening?

Mercs were insanely fast. Lewis on 40 lap old hards still gave max a good push in the final corners
Respect to Lewis. I was tired of watching Mercedes dominance but I can’t dislike Lewis. Classy in defeat even when I’m sure it feels to him like he got screwed out of the championship.
Lewis is a frickn class act.
Unbelievable. Surely if Masi wanted to get the best out of the race he should have red flagged it and given everyone 4 genuine racing laps at the end.
That was a clusterfuck of decision making by the FIA. Changing procedures at the last second as the safety car ended was bizarre and confusing. It makes it look like they changed *at the request* of RB, with this radio calls.
Holy fuck this is going to be controversial
I think we can all agree that Masi needs to go. I understand that it's a tough and demanding position. But this season has just been a mess from beginning to end. The inconsistency was the the only consistency. Such a shame when there was good racing throughout the season that this is how it will be remembered ultimately.
Wtf just happened
OMFG
This is a fucking disaster. I wanted Max to win, I think he overall deserved to win slightly more this season, but that's fucked.

The FIA have had this coming all year and they've continued to miss chances to be consistent, continued to miss opportunities to learn and fix things after their mistakes.

This is a mess. I feel bad for Lewis.
Hamilton is such a good dude. Fucking fantastic post race interview from him.
If the fia wanted a last lap race they should have let all cars pass not just the front 4, or red flagged and had a standing start. The way they handled it just seems wrong.
NO WAY
Max drove a champions season, and fully deserved to fight for the title. Fair share of bad luck and controversy.

Red Bull seemed to have the pace in the first half of the season, Mercedes really unlocked performance in the car in the later half.

I disagree with the stewards call on lap 1, but think it would have been fairly moot in the end as Hamiltons pace was untouchable in the early part of this race.

A heroic effort from Sergio to hold Lewis up wasn't enough to bring Max back into the fight. The free pitstop under VSC wasn't enough to bring Max back into the fight. Lewis had this in the bag.

Then fate, and a tussle between Latifi and Schumacher intervenes and the safety car comes out.

The FIA to decide whether to let all lapped cars go through and risk not having any laps of racing, or to leave them in place and have 1 lap of racing. 

Choosing at the last second to do both at once, and not only that but specifically only those between Max and Lewis is a variation i've never seen before and don't understand. Fresh Softs versus 40+ lap old Hards is not racing, it's being a sitting duck. 

I don't begrudge Max winning the 2021 season, he earned it. 

I do begrudge it being gifted to him this way with an as yet unseen rule.
I don't remember the FIA caring much about a "motor race" at Belgium this year, awarding points for the safety car laps. Peculiar that's their stance today...
FIA oughta be embarrassed.
Lewis is such a good dude. What a representative for the sport. I considered myself a neutral for the most part, kinda hopeful for Max to get his first on the basis of it being his first. 

But man sucks to see either of them lose. What a battle.
Well Max better never complain about a steward decision ever again
I wanted someone new to win for once, but I feel like it was a bit of a monkey paw now. Congrats to Max though.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?
As controversial as this race is, I think one thing we all can agree on is that Masi needs to be fired
Fucking Michael Masi

Check my comment history: I don't give a shit about who wins. But DON'T CHANGE THE RULES FOR LETTING LAPPED CARS OVERTAKE AT THE LAST FUCKING CORNER
Hamilton just got fucked
Bit of a sour taste after that ending…
Let’s take our hats off for Lewis as well. That was a brilliant race from him. I’m over the moon about Max winning but I do feel bad for Lewis. Humble and respectful to the very end
I dont know how I feel about this one. Doesn't sit right.
If you let lapped cars through, don't they need to get behind pack again, or is that a non existing rule?
Goatifi!

On a more serious note. They literally let the exact number of cars pass the SC and brought in the SC during the same lap. What a joke.
Ho-ly fuck.
MASI CHANGED HIS MIND AT **THE LAST FUCKING CORNER**



I CANNOT BELIEVW THIS
So why did they not wait for all cars to unlap before the race restarted?
[deleted]
Whatever you might think about the result, I think we can all agree that the FIA fucking sucks and some important changes need to be made
Can people please stop writing that Mercedes should've brought Lewis in for new tyres under the safety car? They had track position. If they pitted, Max would've stayed out, taken 1st, and if the race ends under the safety car then Mercedes have handed Red Bull the title. They couldn't have known we'd have that crazy lap. They made the best call they could, as did Red Bull, and only the FIA and Masi need criticism here.

As someone fairly neutral I'm enjoying this thread, but I'd enjoy it a little more if the above can stop please 😄
It’s unfortunate because now everyone is talking about the safety car and the FIA ruling, and NOT about Hamilton and Verstappen’s racing. That’s a failure.
F1 needs to rethink the entire steward and race director system. it’s a complete joke but i’m still so happy for Max
I hate that ending
Congrats to Max. Michael Masi needs to lose his fucking job immediately, absolutely shocking throughout the season.
[removed]
#WHAT THE FUCK??!!
Lewis being a total gentleman.
Lewis with an incredibly classy post race interview, respect to him for handling that so well
This thread gonna have to get locked. FIA made an entertainment decision. Gotta feel bad for any athlete who works so hard for that to be the end.
Shout out to Lewis for being such a classy person. I’d be fucking livid.
OH MY GODD THIS WAS INSANE
Extremely new F1 fan that was pulling for max but this leaves a super bitter taste in my mouth. I don't know the rules too well but this seems like bullshit? I watched one driver dominate for 90% of the race only to have all of his progress deleted through no fault of his own, and then had his lead stolen because of a last second decision.

Is this standard in F1?
This was a disgrace. The stewards decided one thing. An unprecedented decision of race control that has never happened in history just decides the championship. I don´t know how they can just justify this.
Feels like the FIA gave in to red bull at the end. Leaves a bitter taste with how much the FIA impacted the championship this year.
What the fuck did I just watch?

EDIT: Seriously, this shit is staged. You couldn't write this better if you tried. Absolutely baffled by this.

EDIT2: I don't actually mean this is staged. I just mean that having this stupidly close season get decided by a last-lap sprint between the two title contenders is like something from a movie (and the movie will definitely be made).
I've never seen so much interference by FIA to determine championship.

There was a lot of drama before, but at least then it was caused by teams themselves. This is just farce.

Lack of balls by Masi, switching his mind every minute.
Not like this what the fuck
What an absolute bullshit way to end the championship
FIA just straight up did not follow Regulation 39.12. How can this be allowed? Directly breaking their own rules to decide a championship. Unbelievable
Hamilton absolutely dominated the race and lost due to pure blind luck. Can’t believe it
Absolute fucking joke
what a fucking joke
WHAT
Don't let this distract from TSUNODA P4 BABY!!!
NO FUCKING WAY
How does Netflix come up with a script like this?
masi is a disgrace to the fucking sport
Good point made at the end about how fucked the FIA was, how can the FIA say "lapped cars can't pass", then "lapped cars can pass", but then restart the race before all lapped cars passed within 2.5 laps.

People need to lose their jobs over this. Masi has to be gone for next season. I don't like putting all the blame on him but this is just so inconsistent.
I see a lot of people saying that Hamilton should have pitted instead of running on the same tyres. I don't see how that matters. Mercedes' strategy was clearly paying off with a 14 second lead before the accident. Meanwhile Red Bull was far behind despite pitting multiple times. Verstappen was gifted a win at the end by the FIA when they closed that gap for him. That's a huge advantage to give someone on the last lap and unfair in my eyes. Hamilton was dominating that final race and was robed at the end by the FIA.
That's about the most unfair thing I've ever seen
Leads from start to finish. Fia says no lapped cars to overtake and then goes against it and let’s them unlap Themselves!!!! Fuck the fia
I'm having an heart attack
Honestly, I knew Michael Masi would find a way to fuck over Lewis somehow, and he did just that.

If Max won it when he pitted second time, fair do's, if he won it when all lapped cars were allowed to overtake, fair do's, but Masi only let the cars between Lewis and Max through. And Masi's bullshit excuse was letting them race. 

What about the rest of the grid?

Yeah, fuck Masi.
The ONLY five cars which were allowed to overtake were those between Max and Lewis. 

I can’t even watch this shit. Disgraceful.
Masi decided the title.
Masi needs to be fired
Woof, that Masi comment…
FIA decided max should win. What a joke.
Lewis faster all day, Michael Masi “you thought”
What the fuck did I just watch.

Close and clear the field by over 12 seconds and let max take a fresh set so he can dive in on Lewis and take it on the final lap, after he's been outplayed all race.

They didn’t even unlap all the cars, just the ones between Hamilton and Max. 

Who writes this script lol.

Williams garage should be on suicide watch.
Wait what the hell. So the fia made a decision. Horner called them and asked them to change it ….so they did???
Absolute disgrace.
#FIA DISGRACE
a TITLE winning race given away for free. A final race fans looked forward to ruined by shit like this. Hamilton didn't stand a chance.
Such bullshit Hamilton dominated this race
Well that’s incredibly disappointing. Hamilton definitely deserved that one. Stewards fucked him.
Hamilton got fucking robbed by Masi so fucking hard
No one can cry about how the FIA is in Mercedes pocket ever again.
Pierre Gasly wins the 2020 Italian Grand Prix! Carlos Sainz P2, Lance Stroll P3!

I wasn't ready for the Italian anthem
Tearing up at the emotion of that arrival into the pit for Pierre, he is so, SO elated, bless him.

Then immediately followed by Brundle making me burst out laughing.

"why can't i cant do this post-race interview?? I always have the same ones: 
'Well done lewis, you have won again'

'oh Bottas, you just lost again'

'max, not quite able to keep up with mercedes again'

I want to do this one"

😂😂😂
Carlos and Gasly battling for the win has played with my heartstrings like nothing else.
Formula 1.5 becomes Formula 1. What a fucking race
"99+ missed calls: Christian Horner"
I'm french and I watch F1 since 1997. I never saw a french winner. I heard la Marseillaise but it was because of Renault winning, it was not the same thrill. And today I can saw, finally, the french flag in the first place. Thanks Gasly, thanks AlphaTauri, it feels so good. I waited this for so long.
“Even the guy who administers covid tests was jumping and celebrating”
Holy shit. The last few laps were intense as hell for P1!
GASLY ACTUALLY DID IT! And what a race for Mclaren!

And honestly the most entertaining race so far in my opinion. The waiting time of the red flag was worth it.

Ferrari tho, what the hell is happening..
I feel so sorry for Carlos. But what a race!
Thanks Ferrari, you're the best!

Your sacrifice has helped a fellow Italian team, your future driver, and the F1 fans.
This is why we watch F1 holy shit
Gasly won before Albon. lol
Well that was dramatic.
Me: *I'll just log on to Reddit, idc if the race gets spoiled for me, it'll be another a Mercedes 1-2

Also me: what the fuck
The best Mercedes was a Racing Point  
The best Red Bull was an Alpha Tauri  
The best Ferrari was an Alfa Romeo  

This is the best
HOLY SHIT WHAT A RACE. GUYS WTH
[deleted]
Gasly P1, Albon P15.  
I think Gasly should keep his AlphaTauri seat.
THE REDEMPTION ARC
NOT TODAY HAM BOT VER
Vettel 2.0, Gasly 4x world champion confirmed!
So happy for these kids!
R/all incoming
I WAS HERE
To our friends coming from r/all:

The F1 race this weekend was held at Monza, Italy today. Pierre Gasly, of the Alpha Tauri team scored his first win in F1, which brings only the second race victory for Alpha Tauri since 2008 here at the same track. Gasly becomes the first French winner in the sport since Olivier Panis won in 1996.

Pierre Gasly has faced a lot of hardship in his time at the pinnacle of motorsport, with his close friend Anthoine Hubert dying last year, and him losing his seat at Red Bull, the parent team of Alpha Tauri in the same week. This was a race where the leader had a major penalty which took him out of contention for the win and a major crash stopped the race in the middle of it, giving Gasly the chance to earn his first win. This is a major outlier, considering his car doesn't have the same pace as some of the top teams.

In short, nearly every F1 fan is extremely joyous that he has picked up his first win today. Gasly has overcome a lot to be a race winner for the first time, so the F1 community is almost united in their love and appreciation for his win.

Make sure to come back next week as we race another time in Italy, at the famous Mugello track for Ferrari's 1000th race in F1!
If someone predicted this, he’s a millionaire now
*Did you guys notice during the red flag:*

 Drivers took breaks, coooled off, used the bathroom, talked with their teams, and Lewis went to see the stewards. 

Meanwhile, Bottas didn’t get out of the car, didn’t take his helmet off, and **literally did not even take his hands off of the wheel.**
Leclerc died for this
I want this F1 back where the winner isn't sure till the last lap. What a race
When you realize Netflix was filming Ferrari this weekend 👀👀👀
GAS-SAI-STR

So predictable these days
Alpha Tauri won more races than Ferrari. This is truly the darkest time. Infinitely happy for Gasly and AT, nonetheless, I can't but cheer for an Italian team's win.

I feel for Sainz, he won't see chances like this from next year onwards.
Gasly was in an Alphatauri, but drove has if he was on a Redbull, WHAT A FINISH!!!
Am i in /r/Formula1Point5 ?
Damn, an italian winner at the italian grand prix this year and it wasn't Ferrari.
Anthoine is proud, Pierre
Hubert would be so proud! I'm tearing up boys
A special thanks to Kevin Magnussen for his contribution to that race.
If you told me before the race an Italian team was going to win, well I would have guessed Pierre Gasly would be the driver.
What a great race and what a great result.
Ferrari double DNF? Hamilton penalty? Yep, it's Gasly-Sainz podium time.
Will Helmut Marko be able to swallow his pride?
I’m actually crying :,D
Red Bull had a taste of their own medicine!
F1 has peaked
/u/LidoPlage drunk as fuck tonight?
Holy fucking shit
Incroyable!
Give it to a French man in an Austrian company with a Japanese engine to carry Italian pride in Monza
I’m an American watching my first full season of F1 this year. This is definitely my favorite race so far!
If you think about it, a double DNF is the best result Ferrari could've got instead of a historically disappointing finish
Every F1 fan would like to thank the Marshall's for pushing Mag's car to the pits, and not moving their picnic table.
Fck carlos :(
Believe it your on r/formula1 not r/formula1.5
Vettel won his first race at Monza 2008 with Torro Rosso and then became wdc 2010-2013. Gasly wins his first race at Monza 2020 with a rebranded Torro Rosso.

Gasly WDC 2022-2025 incoming
My heart rate was over 130 on that last lap, I've never been so emotional or tense for a race.
24 years after Olivier Panis, LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Hello /all 


The tirst time in nearly a decade since anyone outsideof three tims has won a race.
This GP without fans is a crime.
HOLY SHIT BOYS!!!!!! GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
Pierre winning all WDC from 2022 to 2025 then?
Pierre's bottle to hold that lead for so long when he knows the McLaren is faster behind was absolutely phenomenal to watch.

No matter what happens in his career now he will leave Formula 1 as a race winner and nobody can take that away from him.

An incredible achievement for a fantastic young man who has proven that getting sacked isn't the end of your journey, it's the start of a new direction.
I really wanted Sainz to win.
Well done!!
I honestly never thought I'd see a podium without Mercedes. Is this what a competitive season would look like?
already bored with the GAS SAI STR
Congratulation! Your Gasly has evolved into Haunter!
Anyone else cry a little for Pierre??
Gasly deserved this so so much, what a race!
My day went literally from worst to best. Let's go Gasly! Forza Alpha Tauri! Ikuzo Honda!
Seeing the other drivers congratulating Pierre on the win and Sainz/the AT mechanics congratulating each other was really wholesome. Love to see it.
I think Kimi Raikkonen deserves a shout-out for being such a fair and clean driver. He's no wimp - you'll have to earn an overtake from him - but he won't push you off the track or maneuver under braking. It's a damn shame the car underneath him is so poor.
Hello r/all !
The amount of awards show how much we needed a race without a merc domination
When Sainz said " I want to win this race Tom "  I felt that
What a race, unbelievable podium. Don’t know if we’ll see anything like it for a long time
Very new fan of the sport but this was easily the best race I’ve seen so far, drama all around
I died a little bit inside every time Kimi lost a place. I wanted to see him on the podium so badly. Congrats to Pierre though!
I wanted that McLaren 2-3 so badly. Stroll got so damn lucky with that red flag.
Kevin Magnussen driver of the day
I was outside having an exam, and after I came home I was thinking "Man it would be so good if there was a red flag and I catch the race. Nah that would be a miracle". I open the channel and voila! Red flag and session stopped. I'm overjoyed that I was able to catch up to the race.

Then I saw Hamilton penalty and drivers in the top and was like "Hey, this could be an interesting race." And what a race it was ! Definitely the most awesome race in a while. In the end Gasly or Sainz, whoever would win didn't matter, the enjoyment was second to none.

&#x200B;

And there I was thinking this morning that I was going to have to watch highlights and miss this race and it turned out to be a completely different day !
AlphaTauri, the OG Italian team
Hamilton did brilliant to come home 7th from 30s down
Gutted for Sainz. He had that win if the finish line was at the end of the straight
That was one of the most disgustingly beautiful races I've had the pleasure of spectating. A well-deserved win for Pierre after all the RB crap. Was rooting more for Carlos but 2nd ain't a thing to sniff at.
Thanks to DtS Serie, i regain an interest in F1. Because of DtS, Gasly and Ricc has become my favorites drivers (with Norris).

Im so happy for Pierre, i was screaming at my tv
stroll was in the perfect position to win at the restart but really botched it
Sir Lewis Hamilton is made a Knight Bachelor by the Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle.

Does he has to drive in full armor from now on?
Squire Bono, my tires are vanquished
i thought he was already "sir", how does this work?
Does this mean he can have his own sword now?
I'm not familiar with UK customs but I assume this gives Lewis the ability to declare war on the FIA with the backing of the Queens army?
Happy to see a smile on his face, great photo
The [photo with his mum](https://twitter.com/royalreporter/status/1471080271168643077?s=21) was kinda cute
He looks clean af!!
Not a single damn crease on those boots. Smooth af
Get in there Sir Lewis. Can I just say that suit is fucking sharp aswell.
How badass must it feel to say that you are a freakin knight
Sir Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton.  

Finally good to see him after Sunday! Man looks so sharp, damn! Never disappoints either on track or off it
Big up to the guy, gave us a hell of a show this year.


[source](https://twitter.com/Alamy_Editorial/status/1471077734675890183?t=p6Z0kmiYINr5qOPiP3UxQQ&s=19)
Legend on and off the track.
Looking Sharp! 😎
Hope at least for the first race of the season, Bono will address him as Sir on the radio
Sir Lewis now gets to carry a lance in his car.
Man, Lewis looks so fresh and clean.
Well deserved. His behaviour after losing the fight for the WDC this year shows his character.
Aww, I was hoping to see him with Queeny. Although she is really getting on a bit now, might not be fit enough for public duties.
This is probably the reason he wasn't testing yesterday for people that were wondering. 

Absolutely deserved for Lewis. What a driver and person he is. We really couldn't wish for a better face of the sport than him.
That kind of shoes with a suit is really new to me and it really looks great. Might try it out. Wonder if they are boots or normal shoes.
Respect for Lewis!!! As a Max fan who has been watching since a few years I must admit my opinion on this man has changed so much. On the Dutch broadcast he sometimes gets a lot of stick and it is totally undeserved. A true gentleman and an absolute icon of the sport. Congratulations sir Lewis.
Awesome! Congrats brother you deserve it all
Great to see him again after the silence on his social media accounts.
Joins only Jackie Stewart, Stirling Moss, and Jack Brabham with that pleasure.

That's some pretty cool company tbh
ARISE SIR LEWIS!

Gotta say mans looking sharp in that suit too!
They touched Martin!!!
That suits looks great on him and congrats as well!
Damn you get a chair for your knee nowadays.
Still I arise
And how dapper he looks. What a lad
If Hamilton wins in Silverstone again, he better be waving his sword during his celebratory lap
That's a good suit. And smile. And act.

Lookin' very sharp
Finally! Glad to know he's alright for now :)
Arise Sir Lewis, the world's most dapper man
So proud!

I feel that the UK doesn't make enough of a fuss over what is one of our greatest sportsmen.
Bachelor huh? I'm coming for dat
Honestly deserved, for all he has done on and off the track, an admirable person
Does this mean he can marry a princess now
Witch his accomplishments, and activism, I can't think of a sportsman more deserving of this title in recent years.
“The title of Knight Bachelor is the basic rank granted to a man who has been knighted by the monarch but not inducted as a member of one of the organised orders of chivalry; it is a part of the British honours system.[1] Knights Bachelor are the most ancient sort of British knight[2] (the rank existed during the 13th-century reign of King Henry III), but Knights Bachelor rank below knights of chivalric orders. A man who is knighted is formally addressed as "Sir [First Name] [Surname]" or "Sir [First Name]" and his wife as "Lady [Surname]".
About time! Well done!
"Bono my squires are gone!"
He's the reason why I'm vegan and the reason why I stuck with F1 after almost giving up in 2006,  he's been my role model ever since. Lovely to see him recognised for what he's done on and off the track.
Congrats Lewis!There’s a spot for a Lady Hamilton I see😌
finally seen him after the race :D
Love the subtle smile. He deserves this so much, glad he is recognized.
So damn proud of him. And he looks so great in that suit! He deserves this and so much more. Hope he's getting lots of love and support from the people around me.

Go Sir Lewis!
[deleted]
"Charles, thanks old boy, now any chance we can get MI5 onto Masi?"
Get in Lewis!!
Does it make Angela his squire?
I love the knee chair that's specifically designed for this one ceremony
For a kid from Stevenage, not too bad
Get in there Sir Lewis Hamilton!
‘He has a sword! This guy is f*king crazy, man!’
Arise Sir Lewis. you love to see it
Nice! Well deserved!
So awesome. Proper Icon for the sport!
Awesome and fully deserved. He is a legend of the sport!
He’s looking great! The suit is amazing. Also good to see him smiling, congrats
Get in there, Sir Lewis
Lewis looking slick.
plz show up in suit of armor for silverstone next yr
I hope they start saying Sir Lewis Hamilton during commentary now. 

The knight is bangin through the gears as he passes the chicane.....ooooof thats so gangsta
Great for him. An incredible honour.
Scenes when he forces Verstappen to address him by his formal title all season next year... 

‘Lewis had a grea..’ 


*lewis clears throat* 


*verstappen sighs* 


‘SIR Lewis had a great race today’
A man with with hair like me has been knighted. This makes me feel good. It means nothing and so much at the same time
Arise Sir Lewis
Surprised Masi didn't intervene to get Verstappen knighted instead
Finally! About time.
Lmao this thread is so funny. People really think he is getting knighted as a consolation prize
Customary and they touch Martin comment.
I hope he follows through and insists people use his title. He's earned it!!
He looks so dapper! I’m so happy for him!
Happy for him. He's a great person.
Well deserved! Best, most humble, and giving GOAT of any sport bar none
You can almost see Max in the background ready to steal this honor too 😂
Well deserved. He is still one of if not the greatest motor racing driver of all time.
Bono my calf’s have gone
He should use knight helmet in (racing) battle.
I like the little piece of furniture they have designed specifically for knighting people
He was royally shafted last weekend in the race. But his reaction after showed what a class act he is. As painful and unfair as it was to rip the F1 championship away from him like that - and, damn, that must have hurt - it showed one of the many reasons he deserves his knighthood. It's easy to be magnanimous when you win. How he kept his cool and grace in the circumstances he had just faced was phenomenal. An example to us all. (I'm not bitter at Verstappen btw. I am bitter at Masi.)
Now all of his rivals and all the commentators have to call him Sir matter what they think of him. Imagine that flex. /s
As a neutral I have to say that Hamilton seriously impressed after the last race, that was some top tier bullshit he walked through with unbelievable restraint that I never could have expected from anyone, especially a rockstar F1 driver.  Pretty much makes him look... Like a knight?

Well deserved.
Well done Lewis 👏

Gutted you aren't also getting to celebrate becoming the undisputed WDC
Damn. Gotta be honest: I'm happy for him.

He deserves every bit of it. He's the best sportsman the UK has ever seen.
Sharp
Sir Hamilton's behaviour after losing shows why he deserves this and I gained more respect for him. Coming from a MV fan.
Thanks for your support, Reddit! - Here's a shot for you of Pierre in his room catching up on all his messages

Only a few weeks ago burglars took his most valuable F1 memorabilia away from him. Now just after the one year anniversary of Antoine Hubert's passing, Gasly is bringing home a 1st place trophy to Normandy.

We've watched Gasly overcome so much personal pain. So many obstacles, only to keep fighting with his head up and overcome the odds.  Like Jenson Button said, "David beat Goliath tonight!". You're a hero and a legend Gasly! We're all celebrating with you tonight!
Legend
I know it probably doesn't mean much, but I was at preseason testing this year and took several photos during my time there, and Pierre (or his social media manager) was the only driver to actually like one of my photos. It was a nice feeling to see that something I took made it him. Hope he enjoys all the positive messages sent his way. He's earned it. Congrats Pierre!
Tell him a Huge Congrats from all of us @ Reddit 😁😁😁
2 phones lol. One for work, and another for all the ladies ;)
Huge congratulations /u/AlphaTauriF1! Well deserved!
Somewhat I suspect still Pierre is a /r/Formula1 lurker, I already suspecting that after his "Now we can flight" joke in 2018 when he scored P4 in Bahrein at a time that quote was a meme here.

We should ask Lando haha.
Is he returning the call of Macron, the french President?
Such a triumphant, human, moment.  A textbook example of why it is important to always have faith in oneself and those around you no matter what life may bring. 

Cheers to many more.  Bravo, Pierre and the team!
Pierre, leave some ladies for the rest of us!
Well derserved win honestly.
Dude looks like a King!
Fun fact - Gasly got two podiums because of Hamilton's mistakes. Albon lost two podiums because of Hamilton's mistakes.

Gasly **2** \- Albon **0**

It's confirmed! Gasly is, with some help from Hamilton, taking revenge on Albon because he "stole" his Red Bull seat!!

^(/s)
Congrats Pierre!! What an awesome race!

Side note - where can we buy that white Alpha Tauri hat he was wearing? Looked so good!
24 Missed Calls- Christian Horner
/u/AlphaTauriF1 Please let him know of /u/lidoplage Existence, that's all I want
I watched Drive to Survive on Netflix and that got me interested in f1 and I started watching this season and obviously being new to the sport Lewis Hamilton was the first guy I liked and loved to watch but after finishing Drive to survive and learning about all the stuff that Pierre Gasly has been throug and dealt with throughout the past year and a half I’ve slowly been starting to like Pierre Gasly more and more and I’d say he’s my favorite driver as of now. I was so happy when he won I literally jumped off the couch.
We wrote a special bit for him in [today's race debrief](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/inr1sf/2020_italian_gp_race_debrief_rformula1_editorial/).

Emotions are running high, congratulations to the entire team, what a race.
Incredible result, well deserved. Congrats Pierre. And also congrats to your dad! Really liked him in the Netflix show last year. Seems like a great dad who went the extra mile to get you there. Bet he’s happy too!!
I was legitimately in tears when Gasly flew across the line. Amazing moment for him and one he so deserves.
Wholesome as fuck win congrats to everyone at AT and to you Pierre 😘
You know he’s a good dude when half the pit celebrated like it was their driver.
A masterclass on how to keep pushing despite life throwing curveballs at you non-stop. 

The shot of him sitting on the podium alone makes me emotional every time I see it. You can almost feel Tonio's presence up there with him. Congrats to Pierre and the AT team!

Hey /u/AlphaTauriF1,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Alpha (male) Tauri
How many missed calls has Pierre got from Horner and Marko lmao
Future legend of F1
Wow, just wow. So much respect for Pierre after all he has gone through. Congratulations Pierre and of course Alpha Tauri and Honda as well!
Congrats on an amazing result! Please post pictures from the afterparty as well!
It's been hours and I haven't stopped crying, that was some real magic.
Get him that 40% Off All Alpha Tauri Clothing coupon u/alphataurif1 !
Pick up the President's call, Pierre! Leave those upvotes for later.

Now seriously, this is huge. Such an amazing storyline. For those of us who love F1 for the storylines and characters and actually care about the midpack, this was one of those races we will never forget.
If you see this, can you tell him that I said he totally deserved that win. It was a long time coming but worth it.
Well done Pierre, deserved it
Congratulations Pierre!
Why tf is he so handsome
This win today is SO validating as a Gasly fan.
That is an attractive man.
Hi pierre, can I have a french kiss? Love you x
I can bet .He's gonna get laid!
How physically attractive of him.
Why are most F1 drivers so bloody handsome?
I posted this on another thread, but what I love about sports is that it brings us all together. Millions of us were cheering for Pierre today despite any differences we have.  It was amazing.
Congrats AlphaTauri and Pierre. You made us very happy.
Pierre je t'aime
Such a handsome cool nice dude, he deserves the world!
We have rated both Hamilton and Verstappen highly this season for their consistency, but Gasly has dragged his car to a good result every race too. He has been the outstanding performance outside of the top cars. Thank you Pierre for giving us something interesting to watch, we are all very happy for you!!
Remind him to call Macron lmao.
Make sure he returns that call from Macron!
Congrats Pierre and Alpha Tauri! Well deserved and magical win today.
What a guy
Congratulations!
What a guy, will be very proud in work tomorrow wearing my Alpha Tauri lanyard!
Well deserved win!
Will never forget today’s action! 

Gutted we could not be there in person

Congratulations!
More iphones you have, more races you win. 

Congrats!!! Amazing.
Excuse me, you mean “F1 race winner Pierre Gasly”.
Such a well deserved win. I'm so happy Pierre, after everything he's gone through in the last 18 months he's been incredible. Absolutely brilliant win today,a  fantastic moment for Pierre, Alpha Tauri and the sport as a whole.
Genuinely happy for Pierre! Great work, great drive, well deserved.

Lots of great comments in this thread... You’re an F1 winner now... enjoy!
Please don't let RBR take him
YES PIERRE YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! P1 P1 P1 P1!!!!!
The perfect second start he had, the gap he built to sainz and defending his position at the end of the race.
Gasly deserved every bit of today's P1.

When taking into account his performance this year so far, he is showing some WDC performance.

What a talent!
This guy follows rule 1 and 2 very well.
You guys and McLaren are feel good teams! Keep it up!!!
His girl just found out that he has two phones.
Gasly has like anime eyes, has anyone else noticed that?, His eyes remind me of those seen in anime.
Fan of AT/Pierre or not, it was impossible not to feel absolute happiness for the team/guy.
We need way more races like this.
Fully deserving of all of the praise. Gasly hasn't put a foot wrong ever since spa last year, proved all of his doubters wrong. Regardless of the unfortunate events that occurred in his personal life, he never gave up, constantly pushing himself and the team. Would also like to talk about him as a person, because as far as I could tell he's one of the most loved drivers on the grid. Even Hamilton (who's part of an entirely different generation) said he loves playing with Gasly (and Leclerc) on his Xbox/PlayStation. Maybe I'm looking too much into it, but it just seems like the entire grid was bummed about losing but incredibly happy about Gasly winning. The dude actually couldn't get through a two minute interview without another driver coming to congratulate him every other second.
As long as the winner is not Merc, RB or Ferrari I'm happy
Amazing drive and team effort, perfection
More than happy for his Win! rollercoaster of emotions and I only hope that it gets better for him. Huge congrats!! more to come
King
Congrats!
LETS GOOOOOOO
Thank you for making the race interesting can't wait for the day your crowed world champion
Absolute legend, brought me so much joy today
fucking amazing. lost for words, cant imagine how it would feel for you. enjoy it 🎉
I got 2 phones... one for the fans and one for the hoes.
Thanks for (imo) the best race this season!!!
KING
A true king!
HE IS THE MESSIAH!
A nice high after getting his house broken into and precious stuff stolen. This win nobody will ever steal.
Congratulations guys. You definitely deserve today’s win.
Driver of the day two weeks in a row! And kind of cool seeing double Pierres in the side bar!
Congrats Pierre!
Congrats, Pierre and Team!!

So happy for you. You just made the day of many people, including me!
Today was a good day
🏁🏁🏁
It's us who have to thank Pierre and the team. What a drive, what an afternoon. I'll be enjoying this for the rest of the season.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1352  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/77452)
Haven't been this happy for a F1 result on quite some time.  Great job!
This needs to be the most upvoted post in r/formula1 history
Bravissimo
We love you Pierre!
Yeahhhhh Pierre!
"I got...two...phones, one for the bitches and one for the bitches and one for the dough"
Absolutely deserved, could not have happened to a nicer guy he's been through so much its amazing he got a podium today! Amazing race to watch!!
The redemption arc is finished, Gasly is everyones favourite driver now.

Except Sainz fans, they hate him
How many are from Christian?
Bien joué Pierre!
Thats my boyyyyyy!
So deserving of the win!! And so happy that Pierre is able to read our messages. 

The mental strength he has dealt with from the demotion of his own team in his first season and losing a best friend- I can’t think of a guy more deserving of a win. 

Congratulations Pierre!
I could see this becoming an iconic F1 snapshot.
I hope there are no messages from horner on his phone.
No idea who he is but god is this man good looking.
Big, big congratulations!! What a race!! Well done, guys!!
Awesome job today, I agree with Lewhams post. You should still be driving the blue car but I am overjoyed with your control of the last half of that race.
Yes, you got a good hand but you still had half a race, well done Pierre!
Congratulations... you all made my day
Congrats, Pierre! What a race, omg <3
Woohoo! Congrats, Gasly!
We love Pierre🥺
So dope
SO EXCITED
AAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
https://reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/i6j1ld/_/g0w1qys/?context=1
From all the adversity he faced in the past 2 years, getting demoted, losing a friend, house  burgled, the trip to the top step of the podium was definitely very special. Congratulations.
Congrats on the win
Great race today. Couldn’t be happier for Gasly
Reddit messages, yeah right. This kid gets so much tail he needs two phones!
He deserved it. As a Max fan, this was so delightful to see!!!
Needs a second phone just for all the reddit messages.

Congratulations for an amazing Drive. ( I watched the lasts laps stand Up screaming and rooting for Carlos). But i feel Happy for both.

I think that last time i did that was in 2012 with Alonso.
All the support in the world Pierre - nicely done
Tell gasly i said hi?
Friends and family in one hand, girlfriends in the other
Absolute legend flexing with two phones
So hot right now
I think this is the best emotional win ive ever seen!Congrats Pierre and AlphaTauri :)
<3
Absolute unit, that Gasly
Take his keys away tonight before he goes and parties like it's the end of the Civil War!
Couldn't be happier for the man, one of my favourite drivers. His work output this year has been phenomenal and for him to win a very tough race is just outstanding. Happy for him and Alphatauri, always amazing to see a midfield car breakthrough to the front of the pack.
u/alphatauriF1 go to the local AD, AND GET THIS MAN A WATCH! Engrave the name, location and date on the back and give it to him next week :)

(ps, get him a TAG or something)
France's legend right there
Much deserved win!
You guys were amazing today! Hope Pierre will have a lot more wins to come. It's nice to see him in that perfect shape!
Who else was singing along to the Italian National anthem with arm gestures and mucho gusto??
Absolute legend. The shit he has been through is insane, and he's coming out on top. So so so proud <3
Congratulations to Pierre! Cherish the moment!
One of the best moments I've had as an F1 fan was seeing Pierre win today. He has done nothing but be a model example of a F1 driver and a person. He deserves all the positivity going to him and the reaction of the paddock clearly shows that.
Best race of the season
I didn't watch the race, only saw the highlights and went through autosport comments afterwards. Been following the sport since -83 and will become a casual once Kimi retires. But well fucking done Pierre,  exactly what the sport needs!
*Formula one race winner,  Pierre Gasly to you.
That was honestly the happiest I’ve been watching an F1 race. So glad Gasly picked up the win
Grazie a voi ragazzi, mi avete regalato una gara fantastica
Congrats Pierre and AlphaTauri, a well deserved win!
Congrats Pierre! Well earned win!
So stoked for this result. So happy for Gasly
Watching Pierre celebrating and seeing all the other drivers congratulating him was just one of the purest joys this season.

As a Sainz fan, it was a rough couple laps, but I'm absolutely stoked for Gasly. He deserved that win with a stellar drive!
Pretty sure most of them are from Christian Horner
Way to go Pierre!! So happy for you and AT!
Very impressive - he really deserve success!
/r/LadyBoners
Great shot
I bet this guy shoots ropes.
Please don’t let him go back to Red Bull. He doesn’t need that kind of negativity.
Man I remembered his house got robbed and alot of his trophies and helmets got stolen a few weeks back too, now that is one hell of a trophy to restart your collection with
Congrats Pierre! Never lost faith in you!
This is so cool. Go Pierre.
I met Pierre Gasly at the DXB airport 2017 on his way to Abu Dhabi. My flight had landed earlier so I was waiting for transport to the hotel when I saw a cab guy holding a sign with his name on it. I couldn’t believe my proximity to a F1 driver (outside the circuit). He later came out rolling his luggage when I mustered the courage to run up and ask him to take a pic. Gasly is an extremely humble guy who was willing to take photos despite my friends and I interrupting him while he was knackered trying to grab a bite at the airport cafe. I’m so happy for him.
One his phone he'll see loads of missed calls from friends and family, but one missed call from an unidentified number. But I don't think the President of France will begrudge him for missing his call!

Congratulations Pierre!
He cute lol
Drive to Survive season 3 is going to be lit!!!!
Fantastic bit of racing, well defended, I don't think I've ever cheered so loud at a race before! A well deserved victory.
Alonso needs to gtfo and Gasly needs to leave the Red Bull org and move to Renault with Ocon.
Damn he’s cute...
Got a call from the French president
I’m only a new F1 fan, but I’m so glad Pierre won this race! I truly wish him the best! He seems like such a nice and awesome guy.
Besides Gasly, really happy for his parents. Very humble people who are truly passionate about motorsports
He was embarrassed, ridiculed, and eventually  dismissed.

But he never gave up. He never let disappointment engulf himself.

He rose again, and he is now the winner of Monza.

Pierre Gasly, you are an inspiration for us all and I am honored to witness your triumph. 

Allow us to share your joy, and we will continue to cheer you on! Forza Gasly!
Like a Phoenix from the ashes.
Why are race car drivers so physically fit?
Can someone explain to an F1 outsider the significance of this moment?!
I did a race in F1 2020 as Pierre and won at monza to celebrate.
wtf i love gasly now
Félicitations Pierre, une maitrise incroyable.
Félicitations Pierre !

a true jewel !
Congrats! What a race!
Horner-heyyyyyyy
If they respond to my comment I’m going to be very happy.

CONGRATS!
two phones, what a baller
The most exciting race this year, so happy for Gasly!
Ricciardo with words of encouragement for a bullied kid

If you go to the mom's account, she's replied to a couple people offering to send things (Daniel and a few others) saying thank you but that it's not about the hat (and that she can replace it), rather starting conversations around bullying. She also said "Wow we are overwhelmed by all of your kind messages. Maybe we can get some good out of this - Luis suggested possibly donate to Mind Charity so everyone like him can be helped?"

Now, I'm not saying I agree with her posting a picture of her vulnerable child, but there's no need to assume she had devious intentions. Nobody knows the true intent but herself.
People suck.
Danny is just an awesome dude 👌🏻
Bullying sucks. I couldn't imagine growing up with social media. Parents and schools need to put an end to this shit
One of the reasons I cheer for Riccardo. Just seems like a good dude, passes the "would you have a beer with him?" test.
The tagging the team and it's drivers is a little Sus for me
[removed]
twitter people with their strange names are cringy af (esp. those 'mums')

commented by xxD1ckSl4yer69420xx
I don't mind her making a strong position about this, and seeing her replies about not being about the hat it makes sense. Different people different strokes. As a photographer images are better than a 1000 words and are lot more impactful, and that was the point.

she clearly wanted to bring attention to the situation by giving clear proof of something that happened and she even got Daniel to give attention.

Yes, it's true that a lot of times twitter is full of narcisistic people, but it's also true that reddit is full of pessimists ready to see evil intentions in everything.
Bullies sucks
Bullying is not a joke. It is physcial assault and a crime. If this happens then you should report it to school authorities and the police and demand something be done about it. It is traumatizing and life destroying .
> Bullies are the weak ones

Man woke up and spoke facts
Yo fuck bullies.
If it was me and my kid was being bullied, I probably wouldn’t post it online, I doubt they would like that… I would support them alternatively. Maybe I’m wrong
Mum picture

Child with blood

Tagging famous people

Hoping they see it and retweet

Yep that's twitter
How can someone hate Danny Ric. Straight up legend.
[removed]
What happened to the boy is bad but why is the mom posting her child's face on twitter ?
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's hard to dislike Daniel.
Jesus Christ the comments here judging the mom for posting this suck. Maybe mom sees that her kid has been beaten and wants to send a clear message that this shouldn't happen. Seeing what happened to this kid helps. Try to be a bit more empathetic people.

I also wonder why attention whoring is the first thing that comes to your mind when you see this, maybe it says more about yourself?
Similar thing happened to me, but thankfully I managed to get it back. Some arsehole on a bike came from behind at speed and snatched my Lando Norris cap, and I made a scene and everyone was looking at me. I think the kid must have noticed he was being eyed up for doing what he did and dropped it.

That was a horrible day beyond just potentially losing my Lando Norris McLaren cap.. having everyone looking at me whilst trying to refrain from breaking down in that moment.

Heart goes out to the kid, that is so much more painful to deal with especially at his age.
I wish there was an island like the Australia of the past where we could send all the bullies. Maybe SpaceX could send them to another planet. Horrible problem. Bullies usually have bullying parents, so the problem is just passed down from one generation to the next and we all suffer for it.
It is impossible to dislike Ricciardo
LOVE him!
“Mom I got beaten up at school today”

“Ok stand there looking sad so I can post this to twitter and tag your favourite athlete”
isn't kind of weird posting your beat up child photo on twitter?
Im not a fan of Ricciardo but he seems like a very nice and genuine person, respect for him
Yeah.... idk bout this 

I mean fuck bullying but why would you post a pic of your kid after he got his ass handed to on Twitter instead of tracking those little shits down.
Just saw this on Twitter. Daniel being class as always 🙌🙌
Plot twist: this kid is a 4D chess grandmaster and staged his own beating to get a new hat
All that is wrong about social media in a single post.
Imagine your mother taking photos of you after a bully beat you and took your shit. Then she plasters them online, begging for attention for herself lol.

This is not wholesome, you rubes. This is embarrassing.
That’s not bullying. It’s assault and theft. Those ‘bullies’ are criminals.
Few things break my heart like seeing a kid being bullied.
"My son is being bullied, so I'm going to help solve that by putting a picture of his face on the internet".
“Honey stop moving mommy needs to get a good picture for the internet”
Your kid is getting bullied and beaten and your first reaction is to take a picture of him and post it on the Internet. I'll never understand this
That photo is going to be searchable for the rest of that poor kids life. It’s not going to help his life by posting it. When it happened to my boy, I rang the parents. Also put him into a proper martial arts school to help him gain confidence.

I know what it feels like too. Thank god there wasn’t social media as a kid.
I got bullied by this kid named Rob in middle school, later after we graduated HS I was in a position to hire him at this place I worked at. I gave him an unbiased interview and hired him. He needed a place to stay and I had a spare room to rent so now we're  roommates. He brought over his girlfriend and the next thing you know shes hitting me up for some D. I obliged , of course. Moral of the story even bullies can be cucks if you play your cards right. Justice served.
The mom is the true bully. I’d be pissed
Awful this happened to this kid. Awful that the parent posted his picture. I'm a parent and this feels like a violation of his privacy to me. But hey, she's going a tiny bit viral
Bullying? Someone’s child assaulted someone else’s child. There needs to be more than just a talk to consequence here. The parents should be fined.
So you're telling me my dad was doing it all wrong when he told me that if they tried to bully me I should just bash them in the head with a chair until they stopped even looking in my direction?
What on earth is this comment section...
I don’t understand why the mum had to put this on social media, but Danny Ric being a complete sweetheart to them made me smile.
Want to know how to stop this behavior? Charge them with assault.  Charge enough of them with it and suddenly laying hands on someone without reason will stop. Also stop expelling kids for fighting back.
I disagree with posting about your kids on social media for free merchandise. No way to prove this is a recent photo. Sympathy likes.
The parent couldn't just handle it in private like normal ppl used to back in the day? She had to post a vulnerable picture of the boy without his consent to get attention on social media?
I was bullied too. PM me for my mailing address.
fuck me, the comments here.

how can you simultaneously be a terminally online 25 year old virgin AND a boomer?
Self defense classes like jiu jitsu, judo, aikido or boxing also helps your child protect themselves against bullies and will boost their self esteem and confidence.

Kudos to Ricciardo for replying with positivity and support for the homie.
Is it wrong to be a Ricciardo fanboy, without respecting him as a driver all that much?
I remember being bullied, at 6th grade, by 7th I decided I had enough of the bullies and decided that it should stop, so when I started to see others bullied, I started messing with the bullies, over time our school stopped having bullies. And we got along. Bullies are out numbered if you get a group together to stop them. To talk to them, Most of the time it’s the bullies home life or events that make them want to be tough but most of the time they are scared or have no way to divert their own self hate and try to relieve it by making someone else feel worse then they do. (Not saying it works 100%) but most of the time it does.) it’s sad for both parties.
Love you danny
Put your kids in a useable martial arts program people.  
Wrestling, boxing, judo…anything that gives your kids the confidence and ability to defend themselves.
I was bullied. Pantsed by my bully multiple times. Verbal bullied and made fun of for being shy and the school did absolutely nothing.
Gotta love him even if he's not in the best place with his driving atm.
The kids who did this need some serious help.
Fuck bullies.
If I ever find out that my kids bully someone then all hell is going to break loose onto them.
That wee fella needs to learn how to kick bully's in the balls. Only way to deter them at that age. Make sure at the same time he knows that he shouldn't. It's a dog eat dog World and it's the quickest way to end the problem!
Honey Badger Rules it!!!
That's our Danny boy, always a nice smile and positive attitude. Bullying is not on, never was, never will be. Cheers.
Well Daniel Ricciardo is a wonderful human. Hopefully the bullies see this and rethink their lowlife behaviour
I wish I had kids now so I can beat them up and use their images to get free swag. 


I’m kidding.
Daniel is truly a treasure. Hope he never retires.
This is infuriating.
This happen to my nephews on their bus home. I would suggest doing what my brother did. Enrollment in jujitsu classes!
It will help with his confidence and make him a better more disciplined more well rounded human being. 
I am sorry this happened to him no one deserves to be mistreated like that. Bullies are everywhere. I would rather prepare my kids to defend themselves.Bullies are not going anywhere.
This brand of parenting is gross.
I was bullied as a kid. My parents put me into kick boxing and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

It didn't take long to put them in there place and have them running pissed scared. 

Highly recommended for all kids to learn how to defend themselves.
I don't watch racing, but this came up on my feed and I think it's cool as hell.

Fuck bullies.
Just coming into F1 and trying to find a driver to cheer for and after watching Drive to Survive I'm leaning towards Ricciardo, stuff like this just helps make the choice a bit easier.
I have seen so many fake stories from moms who are fans of F1 who use their kids to get tickets and merch. So many accounts make it their job to spam stories everyday about how their kid was bullied or they have cancer. I am completely numb to a tweet like this.
The only way to deal with a bully is punch them in the face as hard as you can.
We all say fuck bullies, but honestly FUCK THEIR  FUCKING PARENTS MAN. PARENTS ARE THE ONES THAT CREATE PSYCHOTIC LITTLE TRAUMATIZED MONSTERS. If you’re a parent, I urge you to not be like these trash ass people that treat kids like pets.
Has anyone in here actually been a parent at your wits end? Absolutely broken cause you child is sad and you can't fix it. You feel absolutely helpless. Her reaching out to her son's favourite thing to try and make him happy isn't fucked up, it's desperate and loving. I don't get what's sinister, she's allowed to try and make her kid happy.
Wild thought here. Instead of posting on social media about the situation, go do something about it. People would rather get likes on Twitter rather than solve the actual problem. If my kid was bleeding and bruised on the face the situation would get resolved, and you wouldn't see a tweet. Pisses me off to see innocent kids get physically beaten and nothing is done about it.
It's easy to say that the bullies are the weak ones when you're not the one getting punched in the face.

The sentiment is nice, but it does absolutely fuck all to help the situation.

Source: I'm a former bullied kid who got told a bunch of different versions of "it gets better."

It didn't get better. In fact, it got worse. I only found relief after graduating and no longer having those people physically present in my life anymore.
Seems super fake. If your kid is getting bullied do something about it, don’t post on twitter you fat sack of-

She’s obviously phishing to get free stuff. 

Can’t believe my @disney supporting son got bludgeoned with a @homedepot crowbar, they also ripped up his @ferrari shirt and his @dreamworks baseball cap!
Remember when Snoop Dogg defended that other kid that got bullied? LMAO
Fight back
Hope thisnkid takes up self defense and meets the bully when theyre older.
RIC for being a GOAT. What a guy.
My daughter was bullied alot not going to lie I thought about throwing hands with some middle school kids. Hate bullies.
Imagine your child gets beaten up and you're like "stand there, look here, ok light is good and now look like you cried a minute ago"
I hate the dynamic that violence is wrong, this young man has clearly been presented, against his wishes, with a situation with which a violent response was needed. I’ll teach my children to defend them selves and how to fight, and defend those who are weaker than them. There’s a difference between senseless violence and righteous violence.
Please can I have a hat …. I’m not being bullied are anything, but I keep getting sun burnt while out working . 🌝
something is off here
Tagging seems so tacky.
Use that fire. Make sure one of those idiots changes his tires in his actual Mclaren. 

These guys will mostly never be successful and in a few years after high school be taking minimum wage jobs in the same town.
why are people such a-holes and all-around obnoxious
Bullies aren't the weak ones. They *prey* on the weak ones. You need someone stronger than the bullies to take care of them. Ideally, adults should step in and make sure the bullies understand that there are consequences. If that fails, put the bullied kid into a self-defense class (judo for example) and make sure they grow stronger and know how to defend themselves.

If that fails, teach the bullied kid to fight back. Fight mean, and fight hard. Go for the testes, eyes, throat, and ears. The bullies need to understand that bullying this kid will result in immense pain, even if they "win".
I'll tell you what I did when I got bullied. I hit my bully with my history book in the head. He never bullied me again.
Bullies are not weak. They're not troubled. They're not doing it as a cry for help. They do it because it's fun.

Stop downvoting me, I'm right. They do it because they get a great big kick out of it and they find it hilarious. You may not like the truth but there it is. Oh, and fighting back gets you even worse bullying.
God I love Rocco
I love DR even more now!
This is why you teach kids to fight back and help them understand when it's necessary
Not all heroes wear capes some wear racesuits
Honestly she could have spared the kid the picture.
looks more like assault than bullying to me
Let’s all just mom shame this woman instead of addressing the actual problem. You don’t know what the motivation is here is it attention seeking or is it drawing attention to a problem with bullying?
Maybe actually parent your kid instead of posting his pain to the internet for all the world to see? This is clearly in the hopes to get something from those F1 people. Seems fucked up to me. It sucks that the kid got bullied, but the people who originally sold him the hat don’t need to be guilted into doing something just because of the logo on the stolen goods.

Maybe I should tweet my bank the next time I get mugged? See if they’ll send a little something my way?
What would be amazing is in 20+ years this kid could be a world drivers champion and remember this as what his motivation was.
love the hashtags from the mom LOL clout chasing from his sons misery
The mother is worse than the bullies. Have some damn self respect.
Ah yes, I too like to plaster the face of my defeated, bullied, child on twitter so that the world can see him at his weakest.
Oh yeah I should post a picture of my bullied son on social media, that will surely help. Fucking dumbarse, hashtags don't do shit. Kid ought to pump some iron and teach them bullies a lesson. Still, nice thing of Ricciardo to do.
A pretty sad desperate ploy to get some attention and free stuff. Had she not tagged McLarenF1, Lando and Daniel then I might actually like this.
Anyone wanna punch me in the face and post it on Twitter and see what happens? 

/s
I'm a bit conflicted about the mom sharing this picture too but people paint her like an absolute devil with little to no context. Like saying she posted the picture instead of comforting her son... You guys know, that those wounds don't just vanish immediately? She probably hugged him and talked with him before taking this picture.
And if his son is such a big McLaren fan then she might as well try to get the attention of the drivers and get him a nice gift or something. Yeah, she probably wants the attention too, but not more than to help her son.
Mom knew what she was doing when mentioning the McLaren hat and tagging said people
“Hey honey, I know you just got the shit beat out of you but just hold still so I can take a picture for social media while you’re in this traumatized and vulnerable state”.

Twitter is great, but the way people use Twitter sometimes really sucks. There’s a fine line between raising awareness and exploiting your vulnerable child when you know damn well Danny and Lando and solidly amazing people.
Weird posting your kids cut up face on twitter.
Fuck those bullies and hope they die now and rot in hell.
Imagine getting bullied and your mom posts your beat up face on the internet for everyone to see.  

I am so glad I grew up right before the social media thing really took off.  Kids these days are gonna be fighting an uphill battle the whole way.
Bruh moms using her son getting a beating for Twitter clout. That's an L.

Edit: get the kids names and go talk with their parents. Simple as that.
Ok, its about bullying  but, it is necessary to hashtag and tag people just to have likes?
As a former bully himself, I’ve been waiting for Danny Ric to do or say something like this.
I dunno, it just seems weird posting a photo of your kid like this. Even if it’s to make a valid point.
can we take a moment to talk about how douchy it is to post a picture of your kid like that on the internet?
This comment thread makes me wanting to give up on humanity.
I recently watched a video where they discussed that many successful people got bullied as kids, among them Elon Musk and Steve Jobs. I think it was on Valuetainment.

Diamonds are made under pressure, the ability to withstand the bullying will be benefical in life. Also never give up. Fall down seven times stand up eight.

Since we're on reddit, here's a link:  
[9 wildly successful people who were bullied as kid](https://www.businessinsider.com/successful-people-who-were-bullied-2017-12?r=US&IR=T)

(I know bullying is not fun, got bullied myself. Mildly successful though lol)
How about you tell your kid to man the fuck up, enroll him in some self-defense classes - maybe Krav Maga- and then tell him to find the kid that did this, stomp his face into the ground and walk away.
Kid will be even sader getting a ricciardo hat, he wants a norris cap
This can go wrong very quickly if the information is not verified.

Remember Chris Evans doing a similar thing for a bullied kid? He even invited him to some movie premier or something. Well, it turned out that the family was massively racist and their kid used slurs against black people in the school.
r/thanksimcured
[removed]
The amount of dumb fucks here is hilarious
If you say the mom made all this up, it's probably because it's something you would do. Let that sink in.
Never let the bullies get to you, they make you feel weak because they fear you. #BeKind
Nice consequence, but somebody needs to tell her not to broadcast that info about her son.
Creative way to cop some f1 shwag
Lmao fake. She tagged rich people hoping to get free stuff lol.

Get mad below.
Man it really pays to have a dad that doesn’t fuck about. I was getting bullied by this dickhead called Nathan in like year 6.. my dad went round to his house and absolutely lambasted Nathan’s dad and even Nathan himself. Never had a problem again, I feel for this kid man. I mean what if my dad didn’t do that for me? Would I have just carried on getting bullied? Hectic.
All the celebrities and people responding to this are really just hyping up the future ebay sales.

I really hope someone at least pays him some karate classes, from the username i can only assume he doesn’t have a second parent either.
It helps to lay everything on the table for some people to cope and heal. Others react with automatic violence. I believe she is looking for avenues to follow , rather than grabbing a baseball bat and fu…. Someone up.🧐
r/wholesome
Did she seriosly just @ mclaren?? Definetly a great parent and not an attention seeker
Fuck bullies everywhere 

That’s all I came here to say
As long as they make put sports ahead of teaching there will always be bulling.
Why are bullies always in a group and their victims alone? The bullies should be separated and put into a room with someone their size just staring them down.
The bully at my school was once sent to detention. He sat the whole of an hour with the elder brother of his victim. The brother just stared at him the whole time, the bully left with piss stain in his trousers. Changed school the next year
Throwing stuff a lt a bullied kid won't help.  Ooh look a new hat! Yay. Goes to school which is pretty much his entire life atm and gets bullied again. Hat gets stolen. GG
how fucked personality you have to have to put your beat up childs face on the internet. Its probably fake too.
Learn to fight, kid. There once was a boy named Sue.
Someone teach this poor kid to fight back.
Daniel Ricciardo wins the 2021 Italian Grand Prix!

McLaren 1-2, what a fucking race.
GET IN THERE DANNY
Wtf I love Monza
McLaren wins the race, Williams is back in the top ten, and that hard battle between HAM and VER, this season is really amazing
Max and Lewis should do this more often. Also Williams lowkey scored again.
I’m so fucking happy. All the shit he’s gone through this year and now a win. What a fucking race
-Gets pole position

-Starts P19 to gives others a chance

-Gets P3 anyway

-Refuses to elaborate

-Leaves
IT'S SHOEY TIME BABY!!!!

So happy to see Danny Ric back on the podium!!
- Gets the lead into the first corner  
- Keeps ahead of Verstappen for 23 laps without breaking a sweat 
- Smashes in fast laps and dispatches Sainz after pitstop    
- Others lose their minds and crash into each other
- \#3 Wins    
- 👟
I'm crying my nerves are fucking shot but he fucking did it bring on the shoey!  
Also surely Bottas has a shoey now
wow just wow, Danny is a race winner with mclaren, fucking amazing, what a sight, what a race, DANNY IS BACK ON TOP!!!!!!
Hearing Zak Brown in the back of Danny Rics radio is amazing
This a great result for everyone on the podium, Bottas will be rueing Perez but nevertheless it'll be big smiles for sure.
SHOES OUT FOR HONEY BADGER
Lead pretty much all laps, he deserves this.
#SHOEEEEYYYYYY
yes yes yes yes yes!!!

and this was not a Ricciardo win just because Verstappen and Hamilton crashed. Ricciardo took this race from the start and beat the entire field. couldn’t be more happy for Daniel
I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY AND MY BOSS IS GOING TO BE VERY MAD AT ME TOMORROW FOR THE NO SHOW
kudos to Bottas also. What a race.
Big Dick Daniel Ric!
Zak on podium, the man that turned the team around.
[deleted]
First McLaren win since Brazil 2012 and the first 1-2 since Canada 2010! And finally, Danny gets his 8th win after Monaco 2018 3 years ago! 
Great job by Bottas too, said he wanted to be on the podium yesterday and today he ended up P3 after cutting through the field efficiently. 
Also, seems like Perez didn't learn from cutting the chicane yesterday and today he got penalised for it, throwing away a P3.
I loved the reaction from bottas when they asked him about the lewis and max situation. Why the hell would they ask him that anyway in his interview.
First Mclaren 1-2 since 2010 and first win since 2012!
AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE
I like this timeline
What the fuck did I miss holy shit
With Zac Brown up there with Lando and Ric this is probably the first time we've seen an American on the podium in years
HOLY SHIT
An on merit win.
25 points for the win.

18 points for 2nd place.

1 point for fastest lap.

1 point for 3rd place in the Sprint.

McLaren has just become the team with more points obtained during a single Grand Prix\* (45).

\*EDIT: Excluding the 2014 Abu Dhabi GP, where double points were awarded.
WE ARE DRINKING THE MOTHER'S MILK TODAY!!!
Zak Brown 2024
WHAT A DAY TO BE ALIVE. DANNY RICCCC
IM SO FUCKING ERECT
Fucking brilliant performance from Daniel and Lando. Massive shout out to Bottas 19th-3rd is damn impressive
I don't want to see anymore comments about how he's washed out and McLaren made the wrong choice again. He's certainly got the hang of that car now.
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH IM CRYING FUCKING LEGEND
F1 fans: we all liked that
I THINK I'M CRYING

also Bottas 🤩👏
“4th’s, 5th’s, 6th’s…I’ve just been a sand-bagging SOB all season” - Daniel Ricciardo
"I NEVER LEFT" - Daniel Ricciardo 2021
Halo proving time and time again how essential it is. Can't believe people were against it initially.
A great day for Australia and therefore the world
[WE DEMAND A DANNY RICCIARDO SHOEY!!!](https://neymarhamilton.tumblr.com/post/161743226167/another-shoey-by-daniel-ricciardo-and-sir-patrick/amp)
"Can I swear, I wanna Swear"

"You Can't Swear"

This suppression of Australian Culture must Stop!
[Red Bull gives you wings](https://i.imgur.com/2Pa44Ug.png)
Did he prove them wrong? YES HE DID!
Alfa male climb from Bottas
Subscribe
Amazing drive for Bottas. Very smart all race, being careful to not take any damage at the first lap and managing to overtake a lot of cars. Great drive all around
Australians won both F2 and F1 today, was written in the stars
AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE IT WAS WORTH STAYING UP FOR ONCE LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
And fastest lap on the last lap!
BIG DICC RICC!!!
DANIEL FUCKING RICCIARDO !!!!
McLaren 1-2! So happy for Danny Ricc!
Deserved it's such a shame that this season made people question him. But even if Max didn't crash out he was not taking p1 after that horrible pitstop. Daniel was the driver of the day today. So happy for him.
Frantically deleting all my Danny slander.

Today is the best day ever for me as a fan.
THIS THE HONEY BADGER CUNTS!!
Shoe special at the podium please
Shoey!!
Mans posted before it actually ended. Hope its not a jinx

EDIT: NOT A JINX
Best birthday gift for me today is the McLaren 1,2
Fuck the critics! Danny back on top!!
Danny deserves this, super happy for him
LANDO SHOEY!!!!!!!
ZAK SHOEY!!!!!!!
Monza's nickname should change from 'Temple of Speed' to 'Altar of Redemption'
Nobody can be mad about this. I mean as I said a Riccardo win would be wonderful...And indeed it was. He's such a happy go lucky guy, self-deprecating, he doesn't take himself too seriously yet on the track is give it full beans and is very serious etc.. you can't help but like him and that Crash Bandicoot smile, his charisma, his positive energy and charm is infectious. Major congrats to him.
Saw a comment the other day that Danny Ric was well passed his prime and should just retire, that didn't age well lol.
Bottas was there like "Hmm no, will not do a Shoey."
Can’t wait for Danny Ric to take that Dale Earnhardt car around Daytona
What a redemption
I'm not crying, you are
$60 on RIC to win the race…paid out $342.  Thank you Daniel.
Me - puts bet on Hamilton to get P1 on Friday. Fails 

Puts bet on Hamilton to win the Sprint. Fails.

Puts bet on Hamilton to win the Race. Fails.
Hamilton takes 0 points from the weekend.

I know what I must do but I don't know if I have the strength to do it.
He would have won that even if that crash hadn't happened, fucking get in there! 
 
Also hoo boy, we're about to witness a double shoey aren't we?
Dannyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Back to back SHOCKER Monza winners.
Ricciardo is back on top!!!!!
Brilliant. That’s just made my tough Sunday a little better
[removed]
Amazing races by Daniel and Bottas holy fuck
shoey! shoey!
Zak shoey?
SHOEY TIME BABY
What a fucking race
Sprint races are unlucky for Max
McLaren scored 1-2 this season before Mercedes and Red Bull.
Probably the happiest I have been after a race!  My smile is as big as Danny Ric’s! And Bottas killing it after all the recent events is awesome!
On merit. Even if RB didn't do a slow stop, Ricciardo had them covered. I'm so happy for McLaren. What a great race for them!!
Got into F1 this year and hitched my wagon behind Danny Ric because he was so likeable. Was gutted to see him struggle so much this year so him getting the race won has me so elated. Told myself I was gonna buy a cap eventually but it’s race made it a Danny Ric one. I’m so happy lol
BIG. DICK. RICC.
I think the best thing about this is that the mclaren 1-2 was entirely on merit. Not saying they would have won if max/lewis crash didnt happen, but you can't say for certain they wouldn't have been able to achieve the same result.
YES DANNY
Mega drive from Danny and Norris! Absolutely ecstatic!
As expected, yet another Ric-Nor-Bot podium finish
Is that the win guys? Is that the fucking win?
Man i’m crying in my bed at 12:30
FUCK YES!!! You love to see it for Daniel!!! I am so happy for him and McLaren! Couldn’t think of a team and driver more deserving of a win.
I would love to see the look on all the faces of all those fools who were saying mclaren should have fired danny. Hah!
GET IN AUSSIE LADS
Dani Ric is the GOAT! 

This is a glorious day to be an Aussie
It's 1am in Australia, I have work in 4 hours and I am WAAAAY too pumped to sleep!
It couldn’t have just been me who was pissed at sky. They were trying to say that Norris let Riccardo win, but it was pretty clear that he had the pace over Norris. It just felt that they were tearing down Riccardo
Race win, fastest lap, driver of the day, triple shoey. What a day!
ZACK BROWN WITH THE SHOEY!!! Daniel for a fucking AO!!!
Newbie to F1:

DANIEL RICCIARDO FUCKING RULES!
It felt good hearing that anthem play
BDE
GET IN THERE DANNY
rip to those who dint watch because 'boring'
Brilliant result, this is the peak of McLaren's redemption, so far. If I remember correctly, Ricciardo will also get to drive a Nascar car as a reward for this win.

Meanwhile, a certain red team is breaking my heart every weekend by being a sitting duck on power tracks *and* throwing away their chances everywhere else…
I actually jokingly called the 1-2 with Max and Lewis coming together... Each lap it seemed more likely. MY HEART. GO YOU BLOODY BEAUTY.
What a slap in the face for Ferrari.

Then again, it's a progress compared to last year, so they should be (at least) satisfied about their effort.
Norris to Ricciardo post race: Dude, I almost had you!

*[A wild Vin Diesel appears from the Mercedes garage]*
#Dannythegoat
YEEEEESSSSSS!

DANNY!!
I called a McLaren win here at the start of the season. Glad I was right. The Honey Badger is back!
He can credibly say that he has the pace to win today regardless of the Lewis Max crash. Took the lead atthe start and never looked back. Well deserved victory and so happy to see him take the top spot after a rough first half of the season.
I'm not even mad mclaren is ahead of ferrari in the standings again. That was amazing
Never been so hyped over seeing a man drink from his shoe again!
Mclaren was flying today especially on the straights.
I know this is a F1 thread but Piastri, another Aussie won F2 earlier in the day and leading the chapionship. Double drinks all night! 
Also Doohan, yes HIS son is coming 2nd in F3. 
Australia had such a strong open wheeler future!
Actually nearly teared up for Mclaren, what a race boys...
As someone having spent the entire day sightseeing with his wife and just came back to this result.... What in the world happened here? 😲
Great for Danny boy hope this gives him a big boost of confidence.

Was he tearing up on the podium? Couldn't tell if he was or smiling
Super result for mclaren! Not their fan, but they definitely deserved it!
This was such a good race and such a breath of fresh air. Low-key disappointed as a Ferrari fan but fuck I'll take this any day over a Lewis-Max finishing 30 secs ahead of the rest of the group.
Is that a podium boys!?!? Is that a fucking podium!
Watched all and post race in Melbourne.

I am so fucked for work tomorrow.
That's why I never doubted Daniel, not even for a second. Fuck yes man, I am so so happy for him and for McLaren and Norris as well. Was so nervous towards the ending for any unfortunate technical issues but thankfully there were none.
Wait a minute, didn't Bottas start dead last?!?
I fell in love with F1 when Senna was driving for Lotus. I was addicted to the sport during the days of Prost and Senna driving for McLaren, and the Williams-Renault dominance. I honestly thought we'd never see a McLaren on top of the podium again. But this year they had given old fans like me so much hope, and to break through like this with a 1-2 is just unbelievable. And McLaren legitimately beat Max and Lewis on the track. Even though they wrecked out they were well behind Danny Ric at that point. McLaren showed a new level of capability today.
FUCK YES!!!
To all those who wrote him off he's back babyy!!
