My cab driver tonight was so excited to share with me that he’d made the cover of the calendar. I told him I’d help let the world see

I want to make good humored inappropriate jokes about his lollipop, but ultimately I just want to say that I am stoked because he is stoked. 
Uber hates him
He's not just on the cover but also [Mr. December](https://i.imgur.com/J4wQbxf.png)


Here's the [whole calendar](https://nyctaxicalendar.com/) which features plenty of shirtless NYC cab dudes.

Where can I buy this? It’s my birthday tomorrow and I’d love to gift myself something nice. 
I love random adorable shit like this. I'd never in a million years expect to see this yet here I am grinning ear to ear because a yellow cab driver in New York took a shirtless picture licking a lollipop. 
I’m feeling a lot of conflicting emotions right now. 
makes me wonder how many average normal people we encounter are actually fabulous when not working
Welp, then to the frontpage you go!
It's like Jackie Chan and Tommy Wiseau had a son
I got this for a gag gift for a white elephant exchange last year, and even though it wasn’t a competition, I definitely won. 
But July tho... 
[deleted]
I got this for my sister for Christmas and she was thrilled! That's so cool you got to ride with him!!
That's lovely. Here is a tiny doodle of this beautiful man. https://imgur.com/otxFESr
42k points in less than 2 hours.

In my 9 years those are the most ridiculous numbers I've seen other than the Obama AMA.

Wow.
Prediction: sold out by morning. This **has** to be vulcanized—or are you a true OP?
Whoa, tag NSFW! I coulda lost my job viewing such lewdity.
I like how his eye is focused on you. He wants to see your enjoyment.
I'd fuck him you cant say you wouldn't fuck him.
I'm not gay or anything, but I would pay $20 for that calendar.
Now that’s how to attract customers.
Buy this calendar at : https://nyctaxicalendar.com 
Aww this is so cute. Happy for the dude. 
UPDATE: I was able to contact Alex (the cab driver) and just got off the phone with him. He couldn’t believe the attention he has been getting from the photo!! He wanted me to thank everyone for the overwhelming positive feedback. He also invited me to karaoke later :)
This photograph is amazing. The set up cannot be a coincidence. The calendar is highlighted by the cabin light, and everything else is properly exposed too!

Correct amount of light on the face of the driver as well. I can see the city outside as it is not darkened. Good contrast. No blurring. Great camera work. This cannot be the work of a phone camera, or is it? I know the tech has come a long way, but kudos to the person behind it.
134k upvotes in 4 hours. Gahddamn. 
Holy shit, I did not expect this to get so much attention! THANK YOU FOR THE GOLD! I have already attempted to reach out to the cab driver to share the news about his overnight fame, and will post an update as soon as I hear back.
Last Christmas my wife and I came across this and bought it for her brother.

I was absolutely not ashamed to ask the frail old woman at the counter how much the calendar would cost.
I wonder how my family would react if my next year's christmas photo was staged like this on my car?
He'll be uber happy when this is lyfted to the front page.
The pottery dude looks like an actor but I can't quite remember who
But why male models?
That's one hell of a lollipop, he knows how to spend his tips.
166k upvotes?!
This is going to be archived soon so I am commenting so internet historians can see my comments in 1000 years.
[removed]
[removed]
I’m having a horrible Holiday season and this just made my whole month. Thank the whomever there is still joy like this.
Number 1!!!
Most upvoted post in reddit history. Wow.
Mr. Miyagi seems to have gone down a dark, dark road. 
This is so adorable. Up to the front page you go!
I honestly never thought I’d live to witness all this yes in one picture
Just leaving my mark on the top post of all time on Reddit.
Looks like this just overtook "Guardians of the Front Page" as the most upvoted post of all time.
This is a great shot. (Ops pic)

I'd show everyone if I was that glamorous as well.
How is that site surviving the hug o death.
This is so funny and genuinely wholesome 
I remember about 8 years ago there was an AT&T commercial with people dancing and there was a clip of a cabbie goin dumb hella hard. One night my friends and I are getting drunk and my buddy has to leave so we call a cab to pick him up. It was said cabbie from the commercial and we were stoked. Not in a drunken, arrogant idiotic annoying way; we just thought it was dope to see dude at my neighbor’s house.
Starting the year off strong!
Guardians of the Front Page

[deleted]
Can't wait to upvote this 17 different times later this week.
Nice watermark PP. Clever.
The mirrored text brought this to a different level. 
[deleted]
Thank you /u/iH8myPP for wasting your weekend so we may smile on a Monday.
https://gfycat.com/RecentIdleAbalone
I didn't realize how much I missed Groot until now.
Source:  Guardians of the Galaxy 2 (Trailer)
[deleted]
I am UpGroot!
http://i.imgur.com/bI5N1a6.gifv
Reminds me of that [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xS0XiOLW_Qk)
I have no words to describe my reaction when I woke up this morning and saw this. All I can say is, "Thank you!"
http://i.imgur.com/W1f3RzK.gifv
I already posted this 3 months from now
[How I feel when I downvote a repost on the front page with 5000+ upvotes](http://i.imgur.com/gKoNlVZ.jpg)
Hey I know that username - haven't seen you outside of Imgur before!
Reposts help people who missed the content the first time get a chance to see it. What we need are reposts that give credit to the original posts. Give credit where credit is due. 
Has the karma scoring system changed? That's the highest upvoted post I've ever seen - 19,698 just now!

E: passed 20k http://imgur.com/GDfKHQT
How'd this go from 22k upvotes down to 15k upvotes??
So u/GallowBoob is baby Groot?   
Horeeshet
I can already see it now ... r/memeeconomy - "invest now in lil groot -  'I made this'!!!"
lol love this. Can't wait for the movie. Tiny Groot reminds me of a SackBoy :D
history
What's with the 4,000 downvotes in the last few hours 
[Good job OP!](http://i.imgur.com/nj2kHhv.gif)




^^I ^^kid ^^Upvoted!   
Baby Groot is the cutest.
What. Didnt this have like 19000 upvotes? How come its at 7000 now?
I've got a sneaking suspicion this is a repost...but I'll upvote it anyways
And thus a legendary gif has been born.
is this the original or did i upvote a copy/paste?
Holy fuck this went from 20000 upvotes to only 12000!
Can someone explain why posts upvotes go down so much over like a couple hours? This was at 21k + earlier, and is now at 10k. 
Didn't this hit 20,000 up votes earlier? I refuse to believe that 10,000 people down voted this. There's no fucking way. 
Saw this at 20,000 upvotes and now it's at 9,000 :( does anyone know where it peaked?
Stupid question: How are people making the captions float with the movement in the frame? Is it a plugin for after effects or something?
Wow this is some next level shit, nice work man
I don't know if I have ever seen something with so many upvotes on the front page
Why is this post losing upvotes like wildfire?
How has this come from 19000 up votes to 9000?

I like reposts.  It's sometimes fun to see a raccoon lose his cotton candy or a kangaroo get punched by an Aussie or a comic of a dog finding out he's a good boy. 
This is reddit history happening right here. And I wanna he part of it. 
This has gone from 21000 upvotes, to 17000, now it's at 11000
PP I had no idea you beat Barack Obama's AMA, I love seeing your stuff on HQG. Good job!
/r/HighQualityGifs/ for more like this.
I really wish this was a repost
Back in my day this had 20k upvotes
This post has almost 200K upvotes, wtf?

during the movie this was the only thing i could think about.
186k upvotes? There seems to be a disturbance in the force.
So this wins right? This gif just won Reddit. All of it. 
19K Upvotes -> 9K Upvotes Couple Hours Later

Edit: Word
wait didnt this have like 18k?

edit: now it has like 200k

gj reddit

This will get buried but my SS number is 475-1978-2209
I'll never be able to see what it is because it never loads for me.
Aaaaand now you've hit 250fuckingk.  
Congratulations man. 
This is still one of the best posts I've ever seen.
This still makes me laugh every time I watch it. And when I finally see the actual movie, I'm going to think of this post. 
sorted by: new
Here is the real question, how long should someone wait to repost this?
If you think you're going to repost something, just add some blurry borders, a couple watermarks, maybe some superfluous slow-motion, and you're good to go! 
At the time of writing this, the gif has 19,551 upvotes (And is only at 90% upvoted, who the hell downvotes this masterpiece?!).  

Is this the highest upvoted content on Reddit ever?
Holy shit I've never seen this many upvotes. 
20k upvotes? Damn. 

Edit: 
How come it only shows 11k upvotes now. It was displaying 20k earlier 
So this was at 20k, what happened? Did 12 thousand people really dislike this?
PSA: This is the most upvoted post ever
Wow... This has more upvotes than the Obama AMA yet it is 2nd on top of /r/all history.

Wtf
Who else occasionally checks the new comments to see if people are still commenting?
[damn reposters](https://zippy.gfycat.com/AgonizingBlushingBluefintuna.webm)
I love this post.
http://i.imgur.com/LpcUYzx.gifv
I saw it. I liked it. I up voted it. Suck it. 
This post was well over 10000 upvotes and now it's 5000, so who are the children that downvote? Honestly I'm surprised people defend themselves as being reposters this way 
This had 21000 votes at its peak.

Fuck Reddit's vote fuzzing, this deserves twice that.
After the new changes this post has over 180 THOUSAND upvotes.

r/jesuschristreddit
Wow...187,000 upvotes. Amazing
The amount of upvotes with that new algorithm; oh s^h^i^i^i^i^t
Just going to leave a comment on the most upvoted post in the history of reddit which is going to be archived. If you are reading this in the future (year 2017+) then thank you mom, thank you dad, thank you friends for being friends and I hope people fly everyday in the future (maybe room temperature super conductors will be practical with those nanotubes) and have ultimate/ly cheap gaming pc's, there's world peace and if you are still reading this have a good day. 
Didn't think that the most upvoted post in Reddit history would be posted 3 days ago...
I have a feeling I may not be the last one. But I'm definitely going strong
Almost missed it today.. I remembered but then got lazy and never typed anything. I'll be back first thing in the morning. STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THE PATRIOTS WON THE SUPERBOWL!
Hell yeah I wanna be apart of this gif that doesn't load too!!
What's PP? Upvote if you don't have the answer. 

Edit: got OP to reply to my comment. This is definitely making history. TX OP. 
History
I'm still proud of the 100 up votes I got on one of my posts  
I'm Mary Poppins, Y'all
Why does every comment have fucking at least 20 upvotes???
A comment here is a piece of history.
I was here. And I will be the last one the ever comment on this post!
I was here
There's a dark part inside of me that hopes this is a repost. 
Wow, 2 hours ago this had 20k more up votes than downvotes, now only 13k?  So 7k people voted this down since 4:30 EST (now 7:00 EST)?  Damn that's brutal
the reverse text as Groot was running away though....
Most relevant post on reddit this entire year.
This is art
This is absolute genius and deserves all the fortune and glory it receives. 
We can see the downvoting algorithm doing work. This was at 21000 earlier, and now it's at 14000

Edit; Now at 9000
Thanks for giving me something to make the front page with tomorrow OP.
Wow this got almost 10k down votes in a few hours. 
I just came here to see how many upvotes this post has after the change, and holy shit. 
[deleted]
In a few years if anyone is looking through the top posts of Reddit, PM me to let me know you saw this :) who knows, maybe if Reddit is around in 20 years and I'm gone you'll be scrolling through and find this comment. If that is the case, hello. have a nice day future human. Donald Trump was elected president this month. Wonder how that will go... so pm me unless I'm not active anymore

:( now I'm scared for the future, how much longer will i live

holy shit, are people still on this thread? can i get some free karma?
My question is; how can I be sure *this* gif isn't a repost???
hello archivians!
All remember the Mighty Johan with the last comment. He will live like a King.
Here before this is archived
Hey PP, so how does it feel to have the number 1 post on Reddit ever? You should do an AMA.
The fact that this is #1 is perfect. 
Don't mind me, just want to make a comment on the top of all time thread
[Penis](https://youtu.be/gQ489KjPqlc)
History has been made
[Seems like 9gaggers tried to repost this, how ironic](https://9gag.com/gag/aebxVEp#comment)
Obligatory front page comment. 
Before it's archived....this is some fantastic shit right here 
wow 271k now. im shook
Okay i wanna ask how this scene was posted b4 the movie like 170 days like wtf ? 
How much karma did u get from this
Gas station worker takes precautionary measures after customer refused to put out his cigarette

What was he even doing there? It doesn't look like he's put a nozzle in the tank.
The smoker just standing there while the extinguisher is unloaded on him makes the clip.  
He just calmly walks up, and takes his time to properly engage the extinguisher. 
Thats how Derek Zoolanders friends all died
I just can't believe the other dude just carries on like there isn't some ridiculous commotion going on 8 feet away from him.
Now let the customer try to clean that out of the car
[Full video](https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=281_1507059348)
I love how the smoker even up till the last moment (or so it seems) was like "no way man he's just bluffing" then BOOM!! 
I don't even think the guy smoking would have caught on fire though. He seems extremely retardant. 
[deleted]
That guy is my hero, the fire marshal in my town arrested someone that refused to put their cigarette out at the pump.
[deleted]
"What are you gonna do spray me with that fire extinguisher?"

-Man sprayed by fire extinguisher 
Act like a safety hazard, get treated like a safety hazard. Nobody cares how cool you are when you're putting lives and property at risk.
He *looks* like the type to smoke at a gas station 
I'm really glad that we've all learned how to deal with this situation.

[Not like last time...](http://www.discoveringthepattern.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/zoolandergasstation.gif)
I saw a woman once that was smoking a cigarette at a gas station while she filled her car.  She pulled out the nozzle and gas shot everywhere and her arm was immediately engulfed in flames.  She starts waving it around and a cop saw it and shot her dead.  She was waving an illegal fire arm. 
Who the hell thinks it's a good idea to toss a cigarette at a gas pump?  Seems like a pretty solid way to die.
LOL. I worked at a gas station and we would get fired if we let a guy smoke at the pump.

My fix? I come over and ask you once to put out your cigarette nicely. If you don't, then I explain that I WILL shut off your pump if you do not put it out. If you refuse, then I shut off your pump and tell you to leave. If you don't, I shut off ALL the pumps and tell everyone over the loudspeaker that their pumps shut off because of you and that they will not turn back on until you leave.
Its Bulgaria. Bulgarians smoke everywhere. Including gas stations.
Damn that owner showed him, how do you top a vape cloud like that?
What's crazy is I just remember a time when people smoked everywhere...movies, airplanes, train stations, of course bars and restaurants. However smoking around a gas station was always "holy shit you don't do that." Kid got what he deserved. 
[deleted]
That feeling when someone annoys you so much you're willing to do paperwork over it. 
[deleted]
The guy next to them [never stopped pumping.](https://i.imgur.com/0V0v3Vr.gifv)
Safety First!
I’ve done something similar years ago while working at a gas station. Never with smokes, but people would often just drop trash out of their windows. I’d run out and whip it back inside and tell them to throw their shit in the trash. Felt good. Lol
We get it. You vape
When the smoking ban came in to pubs in England my local had a sign up "if we see smoke we will assume there's a fire".  

I didn't see a fire extinguisher used but I saw a few people have water thrown over them.
Not all heroes wear capes.
If that's a CO2 sprayer that guy just got reaaaaallly cold. frostbite cold.
The conversation my son and I will have on Christmas Eve.

Welp. I guess we’ll be seeing this reposted every December for the rest of our lives. 
I was on the fence with believing in Santa, but now I'm back on board after watching this. 


This is top tier. Top. Tier.
Was expecting it to end with "YOU'RE GOD DAMNED RIGHT I ATE THE COOKIES"
That was fucking intense!

Edit: Did I spell "intense" wrong? Everyone keeps making dad jokes that don't make sense in writing. Are any of you even dads?

Edit 2: You cunts are doing it on purpose now!
That would receive my vote as GIF of the year
Is it strange I can hear this gif? 
We had to break the Santa Claus myth for our son early because at age 5 on Christmas Eve he started freaking out about a strange man breaking into our house, regardless of motive.  He was inconsolable and would not accept that this was safe no matter what we said.  So, we finally had to tell him that Santa wasn't coming and that we would put his presents under the tree.  He immediately stopped crying and was fine after that.
HUGE Thank you to /u/folkingawesome who generously turned my 3:07 video into this long-ass GIF.
I am disturbed by the image of Tom Cruise calling Jack Nicholson “Daddy”. 

Edit: I should add that I am not judging those who are either indifferent or enjoy that image. I just have difficulty with these two specific people in that scenario, but we all have different tastes.
Wow, that was awesome. My new favorite high quality gif, really well made.

*The script lines up awesome with the mouth movements and I can hear the actors' voices in my head because it looks so natural. Disturbing seeing Tom Cruise call Jack Nicholson 'daddy' o_o.
I could watch this forever!  "I can confirm with Mommy..."  This is a treasure.
Hello, I have no culture whatsoever, what movie is this gif made from ?
Santa ordered the Code Red
"Because, son, Santa *sees* everything and *hears* everything but he needs the letter because he doesn't *remember* everything. 

You see, Santa likes egg nog, every day. And egg nog has rum. And rum makes you forget shit. Like when Aunt Julie lost her pants on New Year's eve last year? 

So we write him letters"
This is art.
My daughter is 7 years old but still a ‘young’ 7 and so we thought we could keep the belief in Santa for at least one more year. 

But four days ago she came up to me with a notebook in hand and asked to hold a family meeting. So husband, baby brother, the dog and I gathered together in the living room where she announced, with a tone that was most serious, that she’s come to the conclusion that Squint (elf on the shelf), is not real and therefore she doesn’t think Santa is real, either.  She then proceeded to show us her notebook which contained notes of various experiments she had secretly conducted upon Squint.

The first experiment was to touch and move the elf, which kids are not supposed to do according to the book because it takes away the elf’s magic. She noted that Squint still moved that night.

She cuffed Squint’s hands and feet with pipe cleaners but noted he still moved that night. She told him to move to specific areas under the bribe that if he does, he will find treats. But he didn’t consistently move to those spots and has yet to find the treats, etc. 

The night before the family meeting, the last experiment she did was to put scissors over Squint’s legs and close them ever so slightly to see how Squint would respond, stopping just short of actually cutting Squint’s legs. She said that any living thing would not have trusted her to stop and would have moved away or fought back and therefore, he’s not real.

Admittedly I was a bit disturbed, but we had a big talk away from her little brother and asked her to please not spoil the magic for him, which she promised not to do.
Fucking hell this is amazing. As someone who got all my Karma from a meme I made from this very scene, I support this. It got deleted after about an hour, but it took off. This scene is comedic gold and you capitalized hard. Well done, OP
That's it. Shut it down. No need to post anything else on reddit for the rest of the year. This wins all of 2017. Bravo sir, bravo.
So fun story with my kid's mom.  She came to me last month noting, "I think he is beginning to catch on that Santa is not real."  She talks about how they are walking in Wal-Mart, and he makes some comment about hoping Santa gets him this Hot Wheels garage set thing.  It's like a $130 toy or whatever, and whatever comment she made had him say, "You just don't want to get it for me since you're probably Santa."  So, she freaks out because she has little ones, and she wants to keep the Santa dream alive for them, and then, the saving grace on why Santa "must be real" turns into him saying, "But then again, I got this laptop and a 3DS the last two years at dad's house, and he's too poor to afford it, so maybe he is real after all."

Thank you negative bank account for being good for something. :/

spez: Shit, I absolutely totally just remember what his actual excuse was for thinking Santa was not real.  "How is one guy going to go to all those houses and deliver presents to kids in *one* night?"  I had one job... and I botched it. :'(
Speechless. So powerful. 
You and your son have some heated discussions.
This is one of the best things I've ever seen on reddit.
Original : https://youtu.be/_frM44bBMfA
I have never spent such a long time on one single gif.....
LEGO is the plural of LEGO. 
bravo..."you're goddam right he is!"
This needs more gold
This is pretty amazing, thanks for the laugh!
I'm...I'm not ready for this conversation. I may need to save this and memorize it for later.
Fuck this gets pretty real towards the end.
Top shelf, OP. 
Absolutely perfect!!!
This was beautifully subtitled. 
Can we get a spoiler tag. 
Thank you for leaving, "YOU CANT HANDLE THE TRUTH!" intact.
That was intense
After reading this, I feel like my life goes into a turmoil not because I didn't know if santa is real; it is whether if, one day, I should relive santa in my children live or not, because if I have to, I'm facing a possibility of getting into a conversation like this. 
As a father of three is the single greatest Christmas gif 
That was amazing!

I've never once been moved by a gif before. God almighty this was dope.
I saw this neat idea that a woman did. When her kids found out santa wasnt real, she told that they were now old enough to become "Santa". She made them pick someone in need of a gift and find out what they needed. The kids delivered the present and signed it "Santa". They felt good about themselves seeing the neighbour down the street wearing the slippers they got her. 

The one catch was that they had to keep it a secret. If they told anyone about their "santa privileges", then they couldn't be Santa anymore. 

I thought this was a cool idea when the kids find out Santa isn't real, but the parents want to keep the Magic of Christmas alive. 
The conversation I had last year with my (then) 7 year old son went a little something like this.

>"Dad, I know that you and Mom are Santa"

Oh? You think we're Santa?

> "Yes I know you put presents under the tree"

Have you seen this happen?

>No I haven't

Do your friends tell you that it's all of your parents?

>Yes

Well then I have a question for you. Let's say your friends ARE right, and every boy and girl across the world thinks, for awhile, that Santa Clause is real. And every Christmas morning, they get presents underneath the Christmas tree. Well, let's say that some kids think that their parents are Santa, but their little brother and little sister still think Santa is real. Do you think it would be smart to tell them?

>Yes they should know

Hmm. And if Mom and Dad ARE Santa, do you think that we would be happy that you told your brother and sister that Santa isn't real?

>... well...

Well, let's say that even if a kid, like you, maybe, thinks that Santa ISNT real, but doesn't tell anybody else... well... do you think that presents STILL go underneath the Christmas tree for that little boy?

>... yeeeeeessss?

Well, then what does it matter if Santa is real, or Santa isn't real? The presents come no matter what, right?

>Yes

So... maybe, just maybe, do you think that it would be smart to let your little brother and sister keep thinking that there's a magical kind man that brings presents down the chimney? 

>Yes, I think so

And maybe, just maybe, you'll be able to keep getting presents EVEN IF YOU THINK you know that Santa isn't real?

>Okay I won't tell them Santa isn't real

Wait a second here, did I say Santa isn't real?

>No

Well... what if your brother and sister ask if he's real or not... will you tell them that he is or isn't?

>I'll tell them that Santa is just as real as the fact that in nineteen ninety eight the undertaker threw mankind off hеll in a cell, and plummeted sixteen feet through an announcer's table

“Santa’s a busy man...”

Epic setup OP. **Epic** setup.
I think I’m gonna watch this finally today. 
Shoulda warned me. I woulda gotten a bucket of popcorn first.
19 gold. How awesome! I would be over the moon if I could ever get just one, let alone nine-freaking-teen. 

Edit: YOU’RE THE BEST!
Ended up re-watching this whole movie tonight because of this post. 
GIF the movie
[removed]
GIF of the year hands down. Amazing. 👍
[deleted]
After I got berated on a comment I made, I'd figure I'd share my newfound knowledge: the plural of Lego is Lego. 
You're a lousy fucking softball player Rudolph! 
You want me on that roof!  You need me on that roof!  Going down chimneys, delivering presents!  
For those who haven't seen [the actual scene]
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83MQhjfYW0o) you should watch it. Makes this gif so much more impressive because of the way the text was built around the framework of the actual script
I don't think I've ever seen 70k upvotes in three hours. This GIF is bigger than Obama's AMA.
16 golds. Wow. This guy with one post got 16 golds. I post constantly and can't get one. Boy I suck
The Denver Broncos have the entire town of ‘South Park’ in the stands for today’s NFL game.

Is Cartman’s mom in the locker room?
I thought this was America... where's Randy?
They should pump in the South Park crowd noises.  


"After review, the ball carrier failed to reach the line to gain. Fourth down."  


"ROBBLE!!!"
Friendly faces everywhere!
It looks like literally every character they've ever had. The angels from the Golden PSP episode, Edgar Allen Poe's ghost, that Randy Savage pretending to be transgender to win women's sports competitions, Timmy's parents. 

That's seriously impressive.
[deleted]
Likelihood that Mr Hankey is not there?
Hey, Jay Cutler. My dad says you suck but could be good some day.
You can't fool me.

This is just Madden 2021.
They took our jerbs?
And the ball flies..... Oh noooo.... It seems it hit a boy..... They killed Kenny.
I wonder if Timmy is actually sitting in the handicapped section...
*muffled* rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble rabble
I was a little kid in Littleton Colorado, where the South Park creators are from, when the show first launched. To say that show hit my school like a tsunami would be an understatement. That's really, really cool that "South Park" is watching the Broncos.
[Let's go .. Broncos!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ugip_8BNfkA)
I find it impressive they have been going for so long, they have anough characters to fill most of the stadium.
The story is that Matt Stone and Trey Parker gave them the idea and also made a sizeable donation to the Broncos Foundation. Pretty cool.
Give people the option to be drawn like South Park characters then place them in seats they buy with an excellent camera that can be controlled remotely by the person in their home. So they can watch the game from their south park look alike in the stands. They will buy tickets for their lookalikes, then they send you the look alike after with one signature from an athlete on the back.
Fans- "They took our jobs!"
Cartmans dad played for the broncos
This is brilliant!
I hope they find a way to kill Kenny
I thought this was pretty clever and then remembered that South Park takes place in Colorado. This just went from "clever" to "brilliant" in my mind.
Upper row, to the left, you can see one of the Chinese commentators from that China episode with randy.
Big Gay Al? Mr Slave?
As someone in CO who has been to South Park a bunch:

1) South park is a real place

2) The drive through is gorgeous (some incredible road tripping through the mtns) but the town is mostly a heritage site where you can see some gold mining-era buildings and ranching. It's a living ghost town

3) The town doesn't seem to give a shit about the show and would rather you not go on about it

Bonus 4) I had to drive up there to "rescue" a friend because her parents were gonna make her stay at a hotel there over the weekend. It's not a fun town for teens.
Man Reddit comments lately have been way too serious. You people need to lighten the fuck up.
I don't see Towelie.  Would he need a mask?  He is a towel.
Found the alien. Behind the stair rail in the top row
1.) Why aren't the goth kids sitting together? 

2.) Also, why are they even there? Football is sooo lame...

(Its a reference before you freak out.)
They better have Elway
The Broncos have ‘tegrity
I'm the best... AROUND!
Rabble rabble rabble rabble!
They took the fans' jobs!
Have Timmy and Jimmy provide commentary.
This better be for a future episode hahahaha
[removed]
To bad the Broncos performance on the field will be just as funny
I haaaaaaaaate football but this would absolutely make me root for them.
Football, baseball, it doesn't matter, [Randy is going to start a fight...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o_dl8EXRpE)
Homer: "Aww, the Denver Broncos?!"  
Marge: "I think owning the Denver Broncos is pretty good."  
Homer: "Yeah, yeah."  
Marge: "Well, explain to me why it isn't."  
Homer: "(sighs) You just don't understand football, Marge."
City wok should be catering.  Tuong Lu Kim is missing out on the opporunity to put Wing in the stands selling overpriced City beer and City Hot Rogs.
Did they bring in Jesus & Satan as well?
[deleted]
We dont take kindly to the entire town of ‘South Park’ around here.
Lorde Lorde..lorde lorde lorde.  I hear they will be selling fish sticks too.
Not in attendance are Scott Tenorman's parents.
This is one of most 2020 images I've seen.
 I hop they keep it for the whole season
Poor real fans... They took your jobs!!!!
Don't bother looking for Cartman's mom, she's in the locker room
This might be the highest upvotes I’ve ever seen
I appreciate that they are all wearing masks
Simply fantastic
Were there any Canadians in the crowd?
Should have a whole section of different Randy's, from Geologist to drunk little league dad!
This is how it's done.
Show me Mr. Slave or it’s not the entire town
Where my man big gay al tho
Weird, I don’t see SCOTT Teneman’s parents...
Welcome to Big Gay Al's Big Gay Stadium.
[I found the hidden visitor](https://i.imgur.com/GZ1XEi7.jpg)
Bunch of negative nancies in the comments section of this. This is amazing
“Aw hamburgers, I’m gonna get Covid.”
K, thats actually amazing. Are they all gonna bang cartmans mom durring half time?
Wow.  What a great audience.
How much did this cost cardboard experts?
The crowd is a little flat tonight
All I ask is that a foul ball goes into the stands and kills Kenny
100% of those cardboard cutouts are wearing masks. In other words, 40% of Americans are dumber than cardboard.
-They took our seats!
-Dey Tuk r seeets!
-Deytukurset!
- DEYTUKURSERTS!

If you don’t understand the reference I’m going to look like a rambling mad man.
It's nice seeing Gorak in the crowd
And the crowd noise is still loud enough you can barely hear the announcers
Awesome!!!!
Bat dad?
Nice
Took our seats
But not a Token Black anywhere.
They took’r seats!
Colorado is the best state in the union.
Friendly faces everywhere, humble folks without temptation.
Come on this is South Park they would definitely have everyone complaining and not wearing masks
Genius marketing for the upcoming special.
Does Conjoined Fetus Lady wear two masks?
Bringing tegridy to Sunday Night Football
Absolutely fucking epic!!!
One of the most politically incorrect tv shows watching the most woke sport. That’s what’s funny. 
I applaud the amount of work put in here.
Should've used water bears. Would've smashed the old record of attendees by about 17 million.
I need about tree fidy
Wish that % of people in south denver were wearing masks.
They selling those after the game?
And they're masked. Bravo Broncos
If they don't have Satan, Jesus, Satan's gay lover Chris, and also Saddam was it even worth it?
Imagine explaining this to someone last year
Yes, this is real. No, this was not photoshopped.
They took our jeeeeeeebs
1 hour season premieres Sept 30.

But this is a clever promo
How would one go about trying to get one of these cardboard cut outs?
Did Kenny make it through the game?
So we take this Coronavirus thing, we all put a fucking mask on for a while like we're supposed to, AAAAAAND IT'S GONE!!
I see none of them are social distancing......
This shits gunna be in history books within the next 10 years.
200,000 upvotes and this mf only got 20k karma tf?
Idk, this made me happy. Wasteful maybe but it probably helps a few people stay on the payroll until this global pandemic ends.
Good marketing. South Park got content releasing the 30th I think
I fking hate the broncos

This one move,  i almost sorta like em.  At least i wish them well.  No i hate them.  But damn thats good.  In so conflicted
Looks like a bunch of cardboard cutouts have enough sense to wear masks. Need I say more?
Just 3 days before the premiere of South Park and rocketed up to the front page. Whoever paid for this Reddit exposure got their money's worth.
The amount of people offended by this is sickening
THeY ToOK oUR SeATS!!!!!
[Drunk Randy is there too!](https://imgur.com/gallery/uzNg5IK)
That must have been expensive to make.
Amazeballs. Love it. Btw, my team's piped in cheers are better than your team's.
This is hella cool.
Randy WILL get all messed up, take the mask off, gets PERMA BANNED...
TIMMMMAAAYYYYY
Dey took our job!!
It'd be awesome to see all of the characters digitally added as Mii characters.
I hope Big Gay Al does the Half Time show!!!
"Oh, Jesus Christ!"
If they didn’t take the time to film a baseball tearing through cardboard kenny’s face to cut to after the first foul ball, they missed a golden opportunity.
RrriiiiiiiiiiiCHARD!!!!
Super serial
Should have Jimbo with no mask on
I guess Tom Cruise is busy packing fudge
Business opportunity - people or companies could "south park-ify" themselves and pay for placement.  Kind of like stickers for Nascar, but better.
I hope they included Batdad.
This is brilliant. I love it! 

I also want to buy some of these cutouts now
Printers

Years ago I had a printer (I think it was an Epson) that had an "emergency print" mode. If it was running low on any color, "emergency print" would do its best to print your document with whatever ink it had available. Even if all it had was yellow, by god it would print your document in yellow. If it had nothing by cyan and magenta and you wanted to print a photo of your cat, you'd get a funky posterized picture of your cat. But it would still print it.

God, I miss that printer.
And trying to cancel something that's already in the queue is almost as hard as trying to cancel Comcast
"But you have cyan!"

No, fuck you! This is cheap cyan! I want the OFFICIAL cyan!

Edit: yes I am talking about HP. Fuck you HP.
Ink? 
That'll be $40.

Whole new printer? 
$20
["I'm out of ink!"](https://youtu.be/pQGtucrJ8hM) Amazing and kind of sad that this is 10 years old and still as relevant as ever.
Printers and the ink cartridges are the biggest scam that you can ever buy into.
Dat smile, tho.
PC Load Letter?
My HP won't print on 8.5x11 if the 5x7 photo paper tray is empty.
[deleted]
And back in the day you used to be able to tell it to just print anyway, and it was on you when the page came out tinted yellow, magenta or cyan instead of black. You can't do that anymore with modern printers. Sucks when you *really* need that thing printed right now, but it doesn't have to be perfect...it just has to exist and be semi-readable.
IT guy here. This is exactly how printer error codes work. Just like humans number their jokes, printers number their insults.

Error 82 => "Sod off, motherfucker."
I need cyan to make black! You know because...of reasons and yellow! I need yellow and cyan otherwise this whole thing isn't going to work.
Fuck printers 

Mx922 print head costs as much as a new printer and it's a 5$ part to make.

My printer was working fine and I thought I would try the Google appstore Canon app .. it asked me if it was ok if it was ok to send usage info to Canon I had to click yes .. than immediately after it throws a b200 error codes at me.
I love your comics. 

And you wasted all the cyan in the comic... Hmm...
IT Reseller here, Ink printers are a scam, that's why Printer mfr's sell printers below their cost.   Most IT departments have a "going green" initiative, but that's really not stopped anyone from printing stuff they don't need to print esp in color.  

For home office users like myself, I use a monochrome HP LJ P1102W laser.  I bought a Brother all in one Printer/Scanner with ADF.  It no longer has ink, I just use it for scanning, works great especially on 25 page documents.  When I go out for client site visits and need info in color, I go to FedEx or UPS stores, or Staples, overall, still cheaper than buying color ink toner.
Printer: “Bitch, did I stutter!?”
Hello, thank you for reading my comics, you can see more on my Instagram (@System32comics)
That is why I switched over to laser printers.
And that’s when I decided to see if printers can fly. They can’t, but I’m ok.
I had a Canon printer/scanner combo once.  If you were out of ink the scanner would not function.  The scanner app would literally tell you the scanner can’t work because the printer is out of ink.  Dumbest shit ever.
You ever wonder why you need yellow when you print a black & white document? Because your printer prints a yellow dot matrix of your printer model and serial number as well as the date and time of the document you printed.

 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine\_Identification\_Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_Identification_Code) 

I fully expect this to be a top TIL post within a week.
The blinking red light on the office printer, the bane of my working life.
I have a printer/scanner that won't SCAN if it is out of any of its inks😒
Also printer: "THAT'LL BE $200 FOR A NEW INK DRUM PLEASE!"
So it's not just my Epson?
Print>Printer Properties>Check Print as grayscale>

Sauce: I spent 2 years as the "Printer guy" at a hospital with 400 HP printers... Wasn't my job but, stupid me I made the mistake of telling my boss I was an IT in the Navy
Printers mix a little cyan into every printing no matter if its color or just black n white, it mainly does that so you have to go buy a new ink cartridge quicker than if it just used black ink.
Then turn off rich black.
Fuck I hate printers. I bought a new printer last year, worked like a charm for the whole year, it was basically a painless experience of plug and play.

Almost 1 year on the dot, windows does not recognize the driver signature anymore, HP didn't renew them. HP tells me to install the new drivers, I do, doesn't work. HP tells me to plug it directly into my computer, so I am like dude, this is a network printer, you're gonna fix this shit while it's on wifi, not while it's plugged into my computer so that you can say that it now works and you hang up.

Went through the whole routine and "It appears you used the automatic firmware upgrade function on the printer, the latest drivers are not compatible with the latest firmware, only the older firmware. You'll need to install the older drivers while going into unsigned driver installation of windows, but we cannot provide support for this. 

Our recommendation is that you buy the new model of printer!

Yeah fuck them
Hey printer can you scan this 

Paper jam 

That fine I just want to- 

PAPER JAM
My mom’s color inkjet was very helpful. When you ran out of black ink, it would oh so helpfully create black ink by combining all the more expensive color cartridges ink. So helpful...
Black And white printer owners rise up!
PC load letter? What the fuck does that mean?!?
"Ok fine I'll print in black and white"

*prints in green*
I’m surprised we haven imagined the printer as a drug addict snorting toner.
Can I be awkward and ask for a non-sweary copy of this? I have some friends and family members who would appreciate the joke but not the 'fuck'...
Printers gonna print..
[deleted]
The smile makes it all ok
This is why I invested in a laser printer for home use. It’s a far better deal and results in quality printing. The attached scanner is a plus.
And, it's always when you have something urgent to print!
I bought a brother color LaserJet 3 years ago and never looked back. Thing is a beast, and I'm still on the toner cartridges that it came with. The system allows you to reset the cartridge life on the screen, no fidly DRM or anything.
Imagine every electronic device requiring like 5 charging ports, 4 of them are colors and one is electricity, and if one of them is low but you aren't going to use it but it still refuses to work, even though it has plenty left, and one charge of 4 colors costed 90 dollars, would you use that electronic?
“Sorry, out of toner “  
That’s ok, I just want to scan a document to email.  
“I. Said. Out. Of. Toner.”  
Fuck you xerox.
This is why I'm glad that I found a small b&w laser printer at Goodwill for $25. Bought two third party toner cartridges for $33 on Amazon. This was 2 years ago, and it's still going strong on that first cartridge. Admittedly, I don't print often, but an inkjet would have dried up long before now. Best Goodwill find ever.
Got a cheap Brother laser printer so I don't have to worry about ink drying out anymore.
Black and white laser printer is the true solution. Fuck inkjet.
black and white laser printer master race! I haven't replaced the toner since I bought the thing over 5 years ago
LPT- set your printer to greyscale and it will bypass the warning and only prints in black and white.
I want to scan this document

I need ink for that
*puts in cyan

“Ok now print!”

“OUT OF MAGENTA”
Relevant - Ink cartridges are a scam by AustinMcConnell  https://youtu.be/AHX6tHdQGiQ.
Ink recharge are 1,20$ to make for manufacturer. Sold between 30 and 50$ in supermarket.

I bought one bottle of black ink and syringe to refill for 10$, already refilled the recharge 3 times and the bottle is only half empty.


Don't be a sheep.
I felt this comic in my bones. I've been in IT for 35 years.

Printers have always sucked. They will always suck.
This is actually the FBI's fault.  
 [http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20170607-why-printers-add-secret-tracking-dots](http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20170607-why-printers-add-secret-tracking-dots)
I need 15 karma points
And you want to download the driver? Great, google the model number. Go to the manufacturers product page. Click “Support and Drivers”. Enter model number, because there’s no direct link to drivers on the product page, you have to search for them again. Then choose which of the five driver packages you actually want to download, No, you don’t want to use the Canon Download Assistant, zip is fine. Driver package is still over 100 mb for some reason.
Anytime someone says, "I need to print X." My first question is always, "why?"
My housemates and I share a color printer + scanner combo from Epson. You'd think it could scan without ink... it cannot.
Its funny because Microsoft's default "black" is actually about a 60% mix of Magenta, Cyan and Yellow and only a 20% mix of black inks. It's so you get a nice crisp, dark ink that won't look washed out over time. It's all a ploy. ALWAYS check off "Print in Greyscale" if you're printing what you assume is black and white.
Epson
Just increased my car’s value by 1 billion dollars

(reverse lights go on)

*"I'LL BE BACKING UP"*
License plate should read “Ill b bk”
u/GovSchwarzenegger would appreciate this!!
Get off of my bumpaa
Not going to lie this looks pretty sick
I hope u/GovSchwarzenegger sees this.
Now I want a corvette just to do that
Stop being silly, it's not worth a billion dollars. It's Priceless
I need your clothes, your boots, and your automobile.
Happy birthday u/GovSchwarzenegger
You're the type of person who believes in making out once, love 'em and leave 'em fast.
Just imagine walking alone at night and then just seeing  this car turn on and seeing those eyes glow
[removed]
Carnold schwarzenegger
that's a sweet C4 as is
I'll be baahck...ing up soon.
Terminator forgot his sunglasses and had to borrow Elton John's
DUNDUN DUN DUNDUN!
Wouldn’t do anything for a BMW. The sticker would look broken.
At least 1 billion
This is the best thing I’ve seen on the internet today.
+1 Billion Meme Value
Whenever you drive somewhere with someone, as soon as you pull up to your destination you can turn to your passenger and go..... "GET OUT."
[removed]
https://instagram.com/rudy_willingham is the artist

edit: FWIW he has an online store w/ tshirts and stuff at https://rudyprints.com
r/gtage
You’re a fucking legend.
Yo i fuck with this heavy!!!
u/pfunk8687
Dundun dun dundun... dundun dun dundun!
I don't comment on reddit often but this made me chuckle. Thank you
Come with me if you want to get a speeding ticket!
I fucking love you
r/ATBGE
i don't understand why this is considered funny
r/vredditdownloader
Finally, awesome things are happening again!!! Yes!!!
“Get to the bumper!”
arnold schwarzenegcar
Brilliant!
And now I want a corvette just so I could do that
Hasta la vista, baby!!
That’s cool as fuck.
This is really, really cool. Well done.
I have a blank check for the owner
This is the most badass bumper sticker I've ever seen!
Coolness level: 0-60 in 2.8 seconds.
Your killing your father, Larry.
Where did you get that cool license plate?
As a car person this hurts me
Prepare to be rear-ended while everyone tries to tailgate you and get a pic. 

Source: have nearly rear-ended people trying to read their fabulous bumper stickers.
I really respect how OP consulted with the famous figure before mounting that vinyl.  When asked where on the car he would prefer to be featured, the T-800 flatly responded, "I'll be back."
Ah corvettes, the poor mans sports car
Censors number plate, puts most unique distinguishing decal on car. 

Looks epic OP 👍
"Sarah Connah?"
I follow you on Instagram!!! You rule. A true Washington treasure.
I don't know how to put a monetary value on it but I surely am wet.
Ill be on your back
Hmm, I’ve heard of a governor for the engine but never for the outside of the car
I thought he was gonna put "Supreme" on it.
CYBERDINE WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
I’ll be BACK-ing up soon, watch out
coolest car in whatever hemisphere
Did you have that made?  That is awesome.

Come with me if you want to live!!
Da da dum da dum dum


Da da dum da dum dum
I love it 😍
I wasn’t a corvette guy until I saw this.
It's actually Arnies birthday today
Imagine putting a fucking sticker on a Corvette
Thanks OP you just made my night.
Yes, but what does u/GovSchwarzenegger think? I NEED TO KNOW.
As a red C4 owner I feel obligated to do this
I'm kind of angry about all the time you were driving around *without* that on the car.
I feel there was a missed opportunity here to turn on the blinker and have him wink.
Happy 73rd birthday Mr. Terminator 🎈
I've got a 1996 C4, I basically have to do this now.
I sat there for a good five minutes,not getting the joke, and then the video decided to play.
I want to get a corvette.
Now you just need your horn to be the Terminator theme.
Will he wink if you hit that right turn signal?
"The vet...gets them wet."  - Bill Paxton, True Lies
Incredible
I may have laughed harder than I should have at this.
Amazing.
Should have a Danny Devito on the other side
Bet you didn’t even know that it was ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER’S BIRTHDAY TODAY.

#*BOOM
Come with me if you want a billion.
Fuck this is good
calling u/govschwarzenegger
Replace that with a fly
I’ll be on the back!!!
There is also a certain thing for newer Vettes.. https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1630293-spongebob-squarepants
I'll drive.
Now do Stallone from the Cobra poster on the other side.
"Fuck you, asshole"
Hasta la vista, baby.
The caption makes this so much funnier for some reason
Best ones I’ve seen are the Cookie Monster and Elmo
I'm getting more of an Elton John vibe...
u/govschwarzenegger
#I WILL BE (IN THE) BACK
“Come with me if you want to livery”
Best post I’ve seen in years. Thank you for laugh 😂
That’s actually pretty dam cool
Take my money
Lots of comments, no upvotes?
Remember to tape a banana on it too!
Name your car choppa so that you can say to your friends "get in the choppa!"
Happy birthday u/GovSchwarzenegger!!  You encouraged me to get into weightlifting and serious workout schedules even though I didn't start until I was in my 30's.  I've been struggling a bit to keep up the at home workouts during COVID, but I'm going to keep plugging away one day at a time.  I may never be ripped since I love steak and whiskey, but I'll definitely be adding a better quality of life for myself so I can be there for my daughters for a long time to come.
Normally I hate printed decals and bumper stickers, but this is an exception of the highest order.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is AWESOME /u/RudyWillingham you should send this to some Corvette clubs, my did Mom and Dad have a Corvette and I sent it to them ♥️ they love being part of their Corvette club they've done on so many trips and my Mom finally made her true best friend through the club!! Wishing you all the very best and hope you stay safe during the pandemic!! *Where & how much did it cost you to get this done this is awesome!!
Everybody Get Down.
Now you have to christen your car: The Corvettenator!!
I like it.
I'll be back...ing up. Beep beep beep
Oh good. It’s a stick on.
Break lights went from caution to a warning..
You guys have funny indicators. How do you know if someone is indicating and not that one of their brake lights is just broken?
Jealous.
It’s been a rough day. Thank you for this.
🔥
I gotta admit...that's pretty epic.
Amazing lol
I'll be backing out.
Terminacar
What year?
Terminated...😎
Dude, you're RICH!!
I love you.
I will take it for $1,000,004,000
Dude I laughed out loud for realsies
Love it mate
Need 2
This guy fux
“The Carburetor”
Please never change Corvette owners
Ik this is meant to be funny, but that’s actually cool as fuck
I LOVE IT
That's awesome
Activate turbonator.
Achieve +250 horse power
I legitimately thought this was a crack at GNUS 🤣
This is honestly sick. I wish I had a corvette to do this to
Friend bought a vette the day he signed up for the military when he got out sold it. Little did he know entry salary in the army is 💩
I thought 1 billion was an exaggeration. It wasn’t.
Best I can offer is $50.

&#x200B;

Listen, I'm taking all the risk here.
One billion seems fair, do you accept bitcoins?
GET TO THA CORVETTE!!!
Come with me if you want to live!
This is amazing
*Thank you*
Where can I buy this???
That’s actually really dope. I’m jealous.
Minimum
So what is it?  $1,000,010,000?  $1,000,020,000?  Who am I kidding?  I'll take it!!!
Just overfilled my water cup looking at this.. you owe me a dollar
This just made me uncontrollably happy.

I may need to go meditate on this.
Impressive.
How did you edit the video to blur the license plate?
What about the T-1000 on the left side?
YOU SIR!! YOU WIN!!
I love this and now want a corvette just to do this.
By one billion dollars haha nice!
I'll give you 2 billion
We salute you!
So where do I buy your 1 billion dollar car?
My grandma wanted some “creative” grad photos of my friend since we’re graduating at the same time. This was her least favorite

Classic Zeb and Travis.
“If you don’t question the sexuality of your man and his best friend.. are they really best friends?”
Nah man that's a masterpiece
Keep on expecting


Sincerely, 2020
That lip bite, I think the big spoon is down for it
You ate seven cheeseburgers? Randy, you promised me this would never happen again.
"friend"
They look like Hollywood movie high schoolers, in their late 20s playing teenagers.
He's showing off the gut he earned with four years of drinking in college. No way he went into it his freshman year looking like that...
Why would your grandma want grad photos of your friend?
Courage...Bravery...Empowerment.....just a few words that come to mind.
I haven't even seen the others and this is my least favorite too.  In all seriousness though, congratulations on the graduation baby.
Wait, your name is actually Zeb??

I've never met another one.
[deleted]
I have to ask... College grad or highschool?
this is the pic that resurfaces when you least expect it. hope it was worth it.
I think you win regardless of what she thinks.
I love how his hands are hovering.
I love it
I want his grandma to call his bluff, frame the picture, and put it up in her living room.
Maybe I'm too high and not understanding this right but...why would your grandma care about your friend that is graduating at the same time as you? Wouldn't that also qualify a lot of other people that she'd want pictures of?
"Push"

"Errrrrrughhhh"

"Come on keep going, push!"

"Aaaaaaaahhhh"

"Look its a beautiful Arts diploma"

"Wtf you cheated on me"
Omg. I'm dying laughing. You two are my heroes!
It's not a tumor!
*"Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique--"*
Prayers for that button.
The subtle lip bite of the guy at the back, lovely
They grow up so fa(s)t
That lip bite tells a story that grandma might not like at all.
Class of 2020, we need a proper fucking graduation!!
I only wish you two were a little closer. C’mon boys, where is the love!? Get all up in there!!
I guarantee these boys are from the south. Funny as hell!
The guy on the left kinda looks like Tim Heidecker. Take that as you will.
Aye, what that polo do??
Must be weird to graduate at the same time as grandma.
With that kinda gut I can only assume you're an engineer
Why do they remind me of a young courage and dr lupo
Old farts still not ok with gay teenage pregnancy. Go back to the 1600's grandma!
You need to be a little closer butts to nuts to sell the picture.
fun fact: zeb in arabic means a penis
This is not social distancing
The one on the right seems to be enjoying it to much with the lip bit and all.
What an achievement! Never has there been so much fun in a grad photo before.
"friend" ..sure. Your grandma isn't falling for it
Zeb, your name in Tunisian dialect (and a lot of Arabic dialects) means penis. I just wanted you to know that! Have a good day/night 😁
The guy in purple totally has a face that proudly says, “I made this.”
Boy, you look like a double-wide-surprise.
This will live forever
You're in your last sem-ester. Push hard!
Is the food baby of gingers called a ginger loaf?
That’s a lot of awards
My sister and I were taking real estate classes when she was about 6 months pregnant. A classmate asked her if she was pregnant and she replied “No, it’s just gas” 😂
Okay, this is my favorite thing on the internet today. After this Im closin Reddit for the day cuz I don’t need anything ruining it for me
That bottom lip bite
pro creative
Now I kinda want to see the rest of your grad photos
Yuck
‪Only fans I got the only fans link let me know who yall want $2-1 file $25 for 50 $50 for 100 $100 for the whole file dm me or hmu for deals‬
Scooping through front page before going to sleep.  This is the funniest fucking shit I’ve seen in a long time. 

Congrats op and may God have mercy on your soul.
Why is your grandma asking for pictures of your friend?
lol love it, back in my day, 1980 graduation just the big hair, pretty boring.  And the fact you still had to wait to get the film developed and unless you pasted something on top of the picture, good luck with it.   Then there was the door to door passing of the picture.  We had to knock on every door so everyone could see it.  There was no internet back then.
Grandma needs to lighten up.
Thanks for the laughs. Got laid off today so this is nice.
[deleted]
The lip bite from purple shirt guy makes me uncomfortable, but I fully acknowledge the necessity
This is the best coming out photo ever.
This is hilarious but in all seriousness it's not too late to rein this shit in before it gets out of hand. If this is your waistline after four years of walking miles around campus everyday just think what a sedentary office job is going to do to you.
Graduating from what? Ya'll motherfuckers look at least 30
I love it lol
Of all of your graduation pictures that I've seen this one is my favorite.
Chipotle
This is some real Turk Andjaydee-stuff!
I love it.
I really hope the dude on the left is Zeb cause I honestly can't think of a more fitting name
It's perfect
This is amazing
Aww.  He looks positively radiant.
bruh that hairline? that is TIGHT

shit is so sharp you could cut yourself on it!
😹😹😹😹😹
This is hysterical.❤
You know it’s not nice to mess with grandma’s blood pressure right?
So proud of my lad Andy Robertson.
So when you flunk is it an abortion or miscarriage
It’s weird seeing something posted on Facebook first before swing it on reddit.
Names aren’t capitalized D+
Graduating from college I hope. Lookin pretty old to be highschoolers.
That's cool. Did the one with downs have to do 12 grades too?
Zeb definitely on the left
“Zeb and Travis are expecting” *Community outro*
Zeb & Travis sounds like a commedy duo
This is so funny, good Lord😂😂😂😂
Best friend goals!
It’s better than the pic you showed her before this...

The one showing “how” y’all conceived.
Mint 👌
I’m so happy for you two!
It's funny cause he's fat lol.
It’s beautiful...they should have sent a poet
R/makemesuffer
I don’t even have to see the rest to know that, despite it being her least favorite, it’s my most favorite.
She's just disappointed you're not practicing the 6-foot rule, boys.
Na just fat
Future losers of America
Obesity is hilarious
If that work of art was her least favorite the others must be absolute masterpieces.
Fuck that noise, it's a winner.
why does the “pregnant” dude look like he has someone else’s face photoshopped poorly onto him
Why would your grandmother want a graduation photo of your friend... someone she’s not even related to... and further stipulate it has to be creative? The whole premise sounds weird.
Is the one on the left transitioning?
At first glance it looks like a cliche but with the text it's a masterpiece
😂😂😂 This is my kinda friendship! Hilarious!
I thought it was hilarious!
What a beautiful couple.
The person at the back seems way to excited
This reminds me of my parents' photo to tell everyone they were having me.  They stuffed my dad's shirt with pillows and had my mom hold my sister who was poking the "belly."  (They also sent out an Easter card once with my dad dragging the mailbox post which happens to look rather like a crucifix.)
10 to 1 your friend gets the beetus
2 guys. Posing for a picture. Not touching skin cuz they’re not gay.
His face looks photoshopped on his own body.
The lip bite does it for me.
Hold on, Zeb?
Guy on the left living his best life.
Zeb is the richest name I’ve heard in a while.
I don't need to see the rest to know that this is the best one.
That bottom lip bite though
Why do both of their faces look photoshopped in
Pretty sure I know which one is Zeb.
I only wish we had a video of your grandma seeing this for the first time.
So this is what Poundland Andrew Robertson and Smeagol looked like back in school?
Belly guy's face is beatific.
This is my most favourite
I have not saw the other photos, but I can assure you that this would be my favourite! Congratulations on graduating
I'm going to be the proud father of an overall,   ' C- '
Instantly reminded me of this 
https://youtu.be/cFAGUAl8lxE
But which was her favorite?
Congratulations! What are y’all graduating from? Lookin almost 30.
Graduating from what?  Both of you can be anywhere from 18 to 38.
I fully expect a cap and gown photo with the two of you looking lovingly at your swaddled degrees...or placeholder degrees...
That lip bite
Love is love, grandma!
"Least Favorite"
This is easily the most memorable graduation announcement.
[deleted]
Reminds me of that notorious big son's graduation photo, isa classic.
you win the internet for today
When are you finally going to make an honest man out of him!
Looks gay
This is excellent work
Today one of my 4th grade students renamed himself "reconecting ..." on our Zoom call and pretended that he was having internet issues to avoid participating in our lesson.

Grade 4’s are so close to being tech savvy enough. They’re always messing around on google classroom - and forget I can track changes in their documents.  They also forget that I can access their browsing history on their school computer - nothing too bad yet. Lots of “how to cheat at math” “how to hack your teacher”. So close yet so far
Modern problems require modern spolutions
Catch-22, if he paid more attention in school, the spelling wouldn't have outed him. But if he was the kind to pay attention, he wouldn't do this in the first place
Points for cleverness, but half off for spelling.

EDIT: Damn a few people are acting like I said the kid was major big-brain time. Even if he learned it on Tik Tok it's still par for the course for putting more effort into weaseling out of school than just participating.
NO RAGRETS
Sounds like politics is his future.
[deleted]
So genius, yet such a silly mistake. So close
I used to work IT Helpdesk at a large hospital. Everyone on the desk hated this one Admin, Max. Max bragged about his MCSE certifications, told us how he was going to be our boss one day soon, and smelled like ass because he chewed tobacco but didn't brush his teeth. 

Admins all carried pagers. And the helpdesk had a website that allowed you to send a text to any hospital pager.  The site didn't require a login, so anyone with the url could send a text. Bad idea.

So we started texting Max the message "Low Battery" every few days.  Max started to complain about how often the pagers was burning through batteries. We started texting every day, and then every few hours.   He went to the telecom office and got a new pager. Didn't help.  He swapped the pager a second time. Same messages.  Got a new pager number. Still got the "Low Battery" message (The number had been updated on the website). 

Max finally turned the pager off and started missing important outages and tickets. The dept manager called him in and asked for an explanation.  He complained about the crappy pager, and all that he had done to resolve the issue.  The manager asked for the pager, and took a look at the message. "This is a page, not a low battery message from the pager. Someone is screwing with you."

The manager wasn't impressed by Max's troubleshooting skills, but he forgave him. Max was pissed and wanted to know who had done it, but the site was completely open to anyone on campus and didn't log any of the messages.
He's a little confused, but he's got the spirit.
r/madlads
Too bad this wasn't available when I was in 4th grade, because I would have put a tablet to the screen, with an animated (...)
He's going places! Prison maybe, but places!
Tricksy students!  I'm in the same boat.  I have a 2nd grader who froze completely leading me to disconnect and recall.  He did it 2 times until I saw his grandma walk by in the background and realized he was just being really still on purpose.  Ain't even mad... He got me good.
Just need to setup a virtual video adapter, then you can feed whatever video you want back into the camera feed.
I'm curious what provisions are made for kids without access to computer or the internet during these lockdowns?
Concept A+

Execution F
This is the kind of crap I would expect a 5th grader to pull.  Looks like they're ready for next year.  Job well done teach!
If this kid can apply these kinds of street smarts in the real world they’ll be just fine. Should polish that spelling a little however
At least he isn't named Robert DropTable.
He clearly neads to be paying moore attentoin in shcool
“That’s ok [insert student name] I’ll call you and we can have an extended 1-on-1 after class.”
I worked in IT doing T2 support years ago.  My team had about 10 people on it but when the company started struggling team morale was way down.  People were not taking calls from the queue (that came from T1) which meant they would auto go to the person on call, everyone rotated being on call so it affected everyone.  

When you were actually on a call your IM would turn red and show "On a Call" but you could also manually change your IM status.  Similar to this kid above people would not set it right.  You would see "on a call" "On A Call" "On a call" or even "ON A CALL"

One day after getting slammed during my on call shift I had enough, I started tracking the people who I could tell were doing this shit.  Sometimes I would ping them and tell them to get back in the queue, if they said they were on a call I would just reply "no you aren't and I can tell"  However I never let them know how I could tell.  

Then these assholes would start telling me "You're not a manager, so I don't have to listen to you"  I told the 2 team leads and our actual manager that I knew when people were faking being on a call, but I wasn't going to even tell them because too many were buddy buddy. 

My manager asked me to make a list and I said everyone was on it except one person, one of our team leads who was awesome.  I said she might be doing it too because there's one way for me not to know but I said I doubt she would do it.  

For a while I was really hated by my team.  I told them in meetings they should be pissed at everyone else, they were screwing over whoever was on call.  Nobody would switch days off with me if something came up.  I got promoted shortly after and they closed a remote office half my team was based out of.  After I moved on my team lead (the awesome one) asked me how I knew that and I shared it with her.  Pointing out how so many people thought they could beat the system but were too dumb to look at the details.
What a *con*
Give that kid an A !!!
and i would have gotten away with it too, if it wasn’t for my fourth grade spelling level
Get that kid in the gifted education program ASAP!\*  You've got a creative problem-solver right there!

Is he looking for work by chance? We're always hiring people smarter than we are...

&#x200B;

\*right after a remedial spelling course
Modern version of the old "Save a .bmp as a .doc and hand it in on a USB stick saying your homework is on it"

Oh no miss, it looks like my essay is corrupted. I guess I will have to bring it in tomorrow.
Extra point for creativity!
As an introvert, I would do something like this. I often bunked school whenever anything involving participation or presentations was on the agenda due to the sheer terror.
I named my parents wifi Loading... 

Oh boi
A for effort
Skipping school or not, this kid is going places.
[deleted]
Almost genius. If only he spelled it corectly
Give that mf an award
Could have maybe pulled it off if he talked like that [Wayne's world drive thru scene](https://youtu.be/gXQhdB1y674)
But would it have fooled you if it were spelled correctly?
Almost
4th grade?!?


This has DAD written all over it...
One thing for sure is it's not the english teacher's session currently.
He spelled reconnecting wrong nice try buddy
Lol tik tok be teaching these children some convenient things
Might have worked if they could spell lol
Give him a pass, the mad lad deserves it
This kid is going places... not sure exactly where, but definitely somewhere.
Then again, typos would be the least of Zoom's bugs, so I'm not entirely convinced it wasn't them.
My entire class did that and it actually worked
And kids these days think spelling doesn’t matter anymore...
This is the type of shit I would have done
If you ain’t cheating, you ain’t trying!
Modern problems call for modern solutions... I have always wanted to say that
Modern problemes require modern solutions.
This guy will get far in life. 

But will burn out right after
This is a “trend” on TikTok so that is likely where he has learned it. Rename it for him next time he pulls this ;)
Back in my day, we had to illegally forge our parents' signatures plus write a note mimicking their writing style and match their writing quirks. Kids have it too easy.
As soon as he connects to a grammar textbook, he's going places
Now that is what we call a BIG BRAIN
I have a fourth grader that I could totally see doing this. After looking through your post history, I'm >90% sure you are not his teacher.

I am now permitted to laugh hysterically at this big brain move. Good for him, I think!
The madlad
"I would have gotten away with it too if it wasn't for my English teacher and the class".
At least you guys are teaching. Our school is letting the kids do all their work themselves. Sending worksheets for them to do on their own and only doing two 30-minute zoom calls a week. Frustrating that they have had to teach themselves.
The force is strong with this one! Give him time he will learn
Not bad kid.
They are evolving...
I would like to sponsor this child’s life of crime
That kid is going places. Probably not university, but places.
You have kids show up??!
Is it just me or is the word spelled wrong?
When I was a kid I did the project totally wrong and bullshitted my way through. Teacher called me out afterwards because obviously the goldfish isn't the state fish of Massachusetts. I told her I got it online and she told me if I can provide a link to the website she will pass me. So I went home and made a website on one of those freewebsite. Com kinda deals. She pointed out how horrible the spelling and grammar is but fucking passed me.
He almost had it, if only he could spell "reconnecting"  . Geez, these damn kids are too clever for their own good, but that's what happens when you grow up with technology like they did. 'A' for effort, for sure! LOL
Bro best thing to do is pre record a vid of urself just sitting there and set it as the virtual background
Swear to G... I am doing this for my staff mtg !
I had a similar situation (but this was in December, during transports strike in France). I just didn't want to be seen by everyone, so I basically recorded 2 minutes of me watching my screen, put it into OBS, created two scenes (one with the recording on loop and the other my live camera), setup OBS StreamControl and the OBS webcam output and voilà.
I stream my video in loop all day, and if I ever hear my name once (yeah, you still needs to follow the course x) ), you take the original pose of the video and switch sources (the small "glitch" is imperceptible, as every video-conferencing software has a pretty low framerate anyway).
With it, you also needs to rerecord a video in the afternoon since the sun does moves and the light changes.
It was probably not worth it, but just funny to be able to be on two webcam at once xD (we made some tests at school where the teacher was at home and we were all at school)
If only the little guy knew how to spell.... who knows what he could have gotten away with...
If only he spelled it right
Powerful. A+
This kid is ahead of the game
He should get back into classes because he cant spell
Kids going places ... not college ... but places
Why are people still using shitty software when there are secure alternatives?
The heart is willing but the mind is weak
Be honest, if he had spelled it correctly, would you have believed him?
Kid already learned more than his classmates. Saw a problem (did not want to attend the session), developed a plan and executed on the plan.

EDIT: You would be surprised how many people in business are functionally illiterate and with spellcheck these days your ability to spell or not barely even matters.
This kid's going places.
Give him an A for creativity
Man he almost had it.  One typo away from genius.
If only he had asked Google how to spell reconnecting.  It's never a loss if you learn something!
Give him an A he’s obviously smarter than the rest of the class
This has been on Tik Tok for months now... Reddit has become Facebook
Smart kid. Outside of his spelling, of course
Pass him just for the creativity
He could just disconnect from the router..
T_T he had Google at his fingertips and still misspelled. Kids these days
That's gold star worthy I think lol
And the Oscar goes too....
This kid has already figured out how the 21st century office works.
Brilliant!!
This kid is going places
And a legend is born
I occasionally enjoy sending "Downloading photo" to Facebook friends just as a troll. 70 percent of the time it works every time.
Could have Just started downloading something in background to do it more convincingly.
You should post on r/teachers to give us all a good laugh!
Genius
So close.
Sneak 100
The benefits of paying attention in spelling class.
My students get around the problem by not making a connection at all.
Now this kid's got upper managment written all over him...
Sounds like he will be reconnecting with you in 4th grade again next year for failing spelling class.
Put this on r/madlads
Most likely to succeed
Not bad. Not bad at all
This kid is going places! 

Cause he sure ain't in class...
And I would have gotten away with it, if it wasn't for you meddeling kids!
Ok, thanks for the idea
NEXT TIME USE THE COMPUTER IN FRONT OF YOU TWO SPILL DA WRITE WERDZ.
Modern problems require modern solutions, way to go kid
Creativity... something that cannot be taught 😂
That alone earns a pass.
Give that kid an A!!
Well guess who’s gonna do this tonight with my phone to watch the chaos in third person haha
Truly wonderful the mind of a child is.
My son is in Grade 3, I was helping him get settled in a zoom call for his class when I noticed another participant join, they had changed their name to “John Cena”....

Edit: N
Modern problems, modern solutions.
Give him an A for creativity, F for effort
I really hope you didn’t punish him because that’s genius
This kid is going places
Modern problems require modern solutions
He could have started with spelling reconnecting right
The amount of posts in here that don’t realize he spelled it wrong hurts my head.
Modern problems require modern solutions
This guy's living in 3020
Give that kid an A+
Would have gotten away with it were it not necessary for him to attend class and learn spelling.
Maybe if he didn't try to skip class he would know how to spell that word right LUL
Are you an english teacher?
Seems like he could do with studying more
I love coven 19 it has shown us how useless school is



Children don't need to be setting in a classroom for 8 hours
He's going places!

Not 5th grade, but places!
This has been done ad nauseum. Look on youtube they have whole classes playing pranks om their teacher. Some are pretty good.

https://youtu.be/yUI9cbkLNiM
Impressive. My 4th grader just announces to the whole Zoom meeting that he has to go poop then mutes the mic for 10 minutes so the class just has to watch a blank wall.
When his execution comes god help us all
Reconnecting with two Ns
Actually there are a lot of spelling mistakes in a lot of software. This might have fooled me anyway.
You can turn off the renaming option. You can also forcibly rename people from the participants window
r/unethicallifehacks
That's Captian Kirk level thinking.
He learned this on TikTok.
*We had a chance to meet this young man, and boy that's just a straight shooter with upper management written all over him.*
Yeah, this is big bran time
The little clever clown needs to pay the most attention because he/she cant spell for shit.
If only they could spell
This kid is going to be a CEO
No Ragrets
He will soon become a manager 🤣😢
Zuckerberg right now




A message to all users: Please be aware that spreading misinformation regarding COVID-19, vaccines, or other treatments can result in content being removed and/or a ban. Content advocating for or celebrating the death of anyone, or hoping someone gets COVID-19 (or any disease) can result in a ban as well. Please follow [Reddiquette](https://www.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439). If you see content violating these policies, please use the report button and do not feed the trolls.


[Reddit's Content Policy](https://www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy) 

[Reddit's stance on misinformation](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/pbmy5y/debate_dissent_and_protest_on_reddit)

[/r/Funny's rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules) 

We also encourage you to read these helpful resources on COVID-19, vaccines, and treatments:

[COVID Dashboard](https://covid19.who.int/)

[Reddit's Vaccine FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/wiki/faq#wiki_where_can_i_find_information_about_the_mechanism_and_progress_of_vaccines.3F)

[Ivermectin FAQ](https://www.who.int/news-room/feature-stories/detail/who-advises-that-ivermectin-only-be-used-to-treat-covid-19-within-clinical-trials)

------


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/funny) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lol, they are trying to reboot Zuckerberg too...
Unplug everything and plug it back in my man
For those of us in the automation and controls industry, we too sometimes look at control panels like this.
It seems to run on some form of electricity
They must be deleting their research data.
Today I had a discussion with my 18 year old son. He seemed like a nice person.
Damn, so it's worldwide?
Oh, so it is a thing. Glad I’m not the only one lol
Wasn’t this the guy who is getting paid like $2300 a week for this and he has no idea what he’s doing?
Productivity around the world just jump 30%  Now I need to get my ass of Reddit so my productivity will go up 100%.
As someone who builds and wires control panels for a living this photo hurts
Funny how when I try to use the apps right now it tells me to check my internet connection. Bitch I know I'm good, this is a "you" problem and you know it.
That's why everyone on Reddit lol
Wait, what happened?
Is facebook down? 
I dont get the meme.
[deleted]
[deleted]
my home internet provider is down too, and they're blaming facebook for it, the world is so dumb!
Back to MySpace everybody!
I tried to go on Instagram and couldn’t figure out why it wasn’t working so I came to Reddit. Then this was the first post in my feed lmao
Somebody figured a way to get Facebook off the air. They are heroes.
News about rich people hiding wealth comes out all over Facebook. Then Facebook crashes.
Convenient that all of Facebook’s apps go down when the 60 Minutes interview with their whistleblower broke…
I hope Facebook never comes back.  That's the dream.
Riiiight.  Whistleblower comes out and spills the beans about FB then the platform goes dark?
Have they tried turning it off and on again?
i pitty the guys in charge of fixing this thing. The amount of assholes screaming "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW MUCH WE LOSE A MINUTE?!?!" in their ears mus be too damn high.
Facebook is down, and the world starts to heal.  : )
From [this](https://www.theverge.com/2021/10/4/22708989/instagram-facebook-outage-messenger-whatsapp-error) article:

>Inside Facebook, the outage has broken nearly all of the internal systems employees use to communicate and work. Several employees told The Verge they’ve resorted to talking through their work-provided Outlook email accounts, though employees can’t receive emails from external addresses. Employees who were logged into work tools such as Google Docs and Zoom before the outage can still use those, but any employee who needs to login with their work email is blocked.

LOL aint nobody getting any work done today at Facebook

>Facebook engineers have been sent to the company’s U.S. data centers to try and fix the problem, according to two people familiar with the situation. That means the outage, already Facebook’s most severe in years, could be further prolonged.

I hope it stays offline forever!
Yes I see the Zuckster, but who's the dude in the blue shirt standing in front of him?
Call me crazy but:



Right now Google, News, and other social media sites are all about the unannounced black out. General users at my place of employment are all also just complaining about the outage.

No one is talking about the former employee providing data and testimony about how FB knowingly made unethical decisions to  further addict and monetize users at the expense of their own deteriorating psychological health...
No that person doesn’t stand like a robot.
I cant take my shit now.
I feel great that I haven't noticed
In CNN reports: Tonight, millions of Americans ate dinner with their families for the first time in years as social media services Facebook and Instagram endured a multi-hour outage that shocked users to their core. It's anticipated that Facebook will resolve these issues overnight, so viewers can rest assured that they won't have to actually talk at dinner tomorrow.
Facebook is down. Quick, get your aunts and uncles vaccinated
It's still down and I desperately need medical advice!
[removed]
Who the hell stands with their feet like that.
Nice shoes
We can only hope this is the end off FB! Letts pray to all our gods to make this thing happen and make FB a thing off the past
Interesting how this happened after this whole whistleblower thing.
I deleted my Instagram account today to go Zuck free right before this happened. Did I just kill FB and save the world?
Hope social media stay offline for a week. That would be great!
All of Zuck's service ysteriously went down after the Pandora papers and the French leak.. how strange. It's almost like they're trying to scrub stuff in a timely fashion....
Stay down
Breaking News: Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp are down, leaving millions of workers nothing to do but their jobs.
Germany is 3 hours down now
[deleted]
What’s going on over at Facebook?
Maybe the Ethernet cord got unplugged from the server.
If only this took down Tik Tok…. But permanently…
Just tried to steal this and post it on Facebook and Instagram for likes. In my face.
I‘m always kinda disappointed when the whole world talks about downtime and then it’s fixed after 40minutes.
Some dude has been hitting refresh on his phone for 3 hours and yelling “Fuckin’ Biden!”
If Facebook being down is a problem for you, please reevaluate your life.
Please NEVER come back. Ever.
I hope it never comes back online
Doesn't look like an angry iguana to me
Fuck I wanted to share this with my friends but... Yeah... All our usual communication channels are down. Lol
“Y’all got me Zucked up right now”
Wait so it is down? Im trying to send messages via WhatsApp and it doesn't let me, but it says powered by Facebook at the startup, does this mean if facebook fails then everything that has an association w Facebook dies too
The world would be a much better place if it just stayed down.
You guys wonder if maybe someone did this on purpose to suppress the Pandora Papers story?
Is there a way to make this problem worse for Facebook and Instagram? Is there something that individuals could do to help aid in the downfall of Facebook? Just curious
This is great!  I'm going to share this on my Facebook P...  

Shit
Freeeedooooom! (for one day at least)
It's fixed. Everybody back in the pile...
How many of you are hoping Facebook, Instagram and Whatsapp never come back?
Looks nothing like Zuckerberg. He wears different trainers/sneakers
Lol he will be like let me restart the whole thing then.
Did they try jiggling the handle?
"Now which one of these is for the vaccine research?"
Me looking at the maths homework my teacher gave me
Do all of humanity a favor and keep it down.
What happened? is facebook down or something?
I'd steal this meme but I don't have anywhere to post it
What a horrible thing to say about that man in the picture.
Have you tried turning off and back on again?
I'm always conflicted in times like these - I truly believe social media is exacerbating the world's social issues and is actively ripping apart the western world. But I work for a software company that makes tools for FB. My livelihood is built on social media existing.
Social apps are down for a few hours now, I don't remember them being out for so long and I'm back on using sms. It feels so much better that I might quit all the social apps for good.
In case anyone is interested. This looks exactly like, down to the uncovered wireway and the trash on the floor, a machine system from GED that assembles two lites of glass and conveys it into a oven press. The pedestal to the right controls the oven.
Have they tried turning it on and off lol
Our fact checkers found this to be false. 

Mark Zuckerberg wears a gray hoodie to work everyday. The absence of a gray hoodie in this photo clearly proves it's not him.
