How to make a grown man cry: Hagrid Edition.

Robbie was wonderful on this. You could tell how much he loved being part of the movies and  how beautifully the ‘kids’ spoke about how he helped them.
It's a beautiful line. This and Tom Felton tearing up over Helen McCrory hit me the hardest.
Robbie's portrayal of Hagrid is absoutely legendary and i always sob when he gives Harry the photo album of Lily and James.Or the scene of him comforting Hermione after Draco called her a Mudblood.
That one really got me.. he was so emotional..

And the remembrance of everyone who died in the meantime. I know a lot of people worked on HP but still. In my heart the last movie only came out yesterday..
That line hurt me. It’s both beautiful and incredibly sad.
He shouldn't have said that
This hurt *so* much. I can't believe the movies meant so much to me as a kid (and does even more now that I'm older). Fuck. I'm crying again.
I was crying the whole last half. 
It was wonderful and so satisfying to hear that it was such a good experience. Kids in the acting industry don’t always have that kind of support and I LOVE THIS FOR THEM :,) I’m emotionally exhausted after watching that, and so happy.
Stop 🥺😫😭
Anndddd I’m crying again
This got me so hard. I thought if they didn't talk about dobby being killed, I would make it through the show okay.
Man, this came out of left field. I was ready for most of the other emotional moments from the trailer but I’m so glad they didn’t include this. It really caught me off guard.
I haven't even watched it yet and I'm gonna start crying why do you do this
HP has some of the finest British Actors (& actors in general)

He brings you right into the whole first act of the movie.
\^this part made me cry :(. But it is kind of cool to know that the work that they did in the movies will go on long after they are gone.
I just looked him up on IMDB, how have I not heard about “Hagrid’s Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure”?

Edit: I guess because it’s a 3 min pre-show video for a theme park ride. I’m surprised it’s even listed
Hagrid always being wholesome
Think about who has passed already, some kind of young; Alan Rickman, John Hurt, Helen McCrory....but, Snape, Ollivander and Narcissa Malfoy are still here. 

So, he is right.
The clip in case ya wanna see it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pudHrUqy2I0
The reunion made me cry. After my girlfriend and I finished it she looked at me and said "what do you think?" I just started crying, Harry Potter is my childhood I just felt like a young boy again.
Can someone help me out where I can see this? I’m from the Netherlands and we don’t have HBO max over here. But I desperately want to see this - despite Alan Rickman isn’t there. Can someone help me out?
I love how he came alive when he said this. When he said Hagrid's name, he got a burst of energy and his face lit up for the first time.
I love Robbie Coltrane
All the millennials out here cryin' in the club because of this
Watching now and this is going to make me cry when it happens
[deleted]
Told my wife to start drinking way more water than usual, she's gonna be a dehydrated husk after watching this.
Just went to universal studios today and wife and i finally got to experience diagon ally! All the shops looked so accurate. The escape from gringots wich was phenomenal got great shots of the firr breathing dragon too cool... doing islands of adventure tomorrow and can not wait for hagrids motorcycle adventure! :)
Seeing how much the adult actors have aged really hit me. Obviously they’re going to show a more drastic change moving from middle age to more advanced age and it’s been several years since we’ve seen them in the HP movies but it feels like Deathly Hallows part 2 was so recent. Just knowing within a short time many of them likely will no longer be around made this even more sad. Love the show though. Very touching
Uhhhg my heart.
Robbie immediately after this interview: “ooo I shouldn’t have said that”
I worked at the Harry Potter exhibition in New York, and when we had the opening night gala Robbie Coltrane was there. I happened to be stationed at Hagrids hut when he walked through the exhibit, and after saying hello I watched him sit down in hagrids chair and have a laugh with whoever he was with. He seemed to really enjoy seeing it all. I teared up. I will never forget it. I also smoked a cig with Michael Gambon but that’s a story for another night :)
We watched this part and my six year old said “I’m gonna share Harry Potter with my kids like you guys shared it with me”

My wife and I just pat his head and held back the tears
The intro alone where is shows Dan walking through The Alley set and the narrator reads the opening lines of The Sorcerer’s Stone had me in tears. When that nostalgia hits where you remember staying up all night reading until the sun comes up it’s such a gut punch. This was absolutely fantastic to watch.
Hagrid was an absolute giga chad
That’s the beauty of art: it lives on. 

Sure, John Henry Bonham passed away nearly 42 years ago, but we have hours of his music to show just how much of a master he was at his craft. 

Sure, the artist themselves may no longer be here but we have their legacy to remind us of their greatness.
Wow! That's a powerful statement.
He should NOT have said that 💔
He is an absolute treasure. Just like his character.
I can’t even look at this without tearing up.
i’m not crying, you are 😭😭
Dammit Robbie 😭
This literally broke my heart. I was in floods of tears. 😭
I cried so many times. It was as special as I expected. Absolutely loved seeing everyone together and hearing them express their emotions 🥰
When I originally saw the trailer for HP I wasn’t super impressed but went to the film anyways, maybe thinking I was a little too cool for it as I was in my late teens…. Then Hagrid walked in, and he looked just like my dad who had passed away two years earlier, beard, rosacea, sweetness and all, and I just lost it. I am incredibly grateful to Harry Potter for indulging me with a little security blanket for those early rough years…
I was having a Harry Potter movie marathon a few years ago. I was pretty intoxicated. I got to the scene where Voldemort is waiting for Harry to surrender. Hagrid is detained and on his knees. Harry appears, and Robbie Coltrane's delivery of, "Harry?! No! What are you doing here?!" broke me. I started weeping.
Don’t know what you’re talking about, I was crying the whole way through!
That special had me tearing up so many times. And I thought we would have seen Maggie Smith at some point in the special. She is so amazing.
I didn’t think I’d cry..  until I saw Robbie’s lip tremble when he was about to cry and then it was just 😭
I didn’t even hear him say, “but Hagrid will” because I was screaming, “yes you will!” At the tv.
This man is Hagrid. I don’t want to ever see another actor attempt the role.
Good Lord, I was already kinda emotional, but this part did it for me. And the ending with Alan. This reunion was so much better than I'd expected. Actually loved this way more than the Friends one.
Was this some kind of reunion? I’m totally out of the loop, lot of people talking about Hagrid’s and malfoy’s actors crying I don’t know what this is from
Aww.. im watching it tonight, I can't wait! I'm so excited!
I love this man
I wish I was able to watch it
If anyone sees this comment, my gf told me she wants to binge this whole show and i cant find anywhere to watch except paid services or ad ridden sites. Need help i wanna show her the wizarding world.
Just watched this, need to re-watch the compete series now. a Sunday Marathon.
I cried for the entire 1 and 42 minute long reunion. It was beautiful and sad all at the same time.
This year I'll be reading the books and watch the corresponding films..and will end with this video. Hope I'll be able to do this🤞🏻
I’m too poor for gold, but have this my good man 

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
This part made me tear up.
Don’t you think on it
At about this point my tears started and didn’t stop till the end ❤️ it made me so happy
That got me bad 😢
This man IS Hagrid, no other will do.
this entire reunion had me bawling. i couldn’t have asked for more. it was truly perfect. the “always” ending killed me.
holy hell,  fuck its rain in my room ahhh ,,, /cry
After watching this I realized I could listen to him read an audiobook.
why the fuck did he have to do that
Robbie didnt act as Hagrid, Hagrid acted as Robbie
[removed]
This part made me tear up.
I’m broken
I still need to watch it but I’m just not prepared to cry yet.
This part was just so lovely.  <3
I lost it here
That last pic has that Hagrid eye twinkle going
You had me thinking he just died. Thank goodness he's still around.
Hagrid will always be with us. Robbie is the person who gave the voice and love to the character that was not "written" but Shown. Thank you.
Sad, yes. 

But it must feel incredibly rewarding and fulfilling to play a character like this that will live on far past yourself.
50 years? Unlikely *many* original fans of Harry Potter will still be alive at that point either.
Be nice if this came out in the UK first considering. But hey ho better please the US lot first as always
Robbie you big ole buffoon. You will always be in our hearts.
Finally got my wife to start watching the movies! Just got done with Chamber of Secrets
Just watched this and yes, it's depressing as hell.
Where is this available to watch? I’m assuming it’s the 20th anniversary special?
I’ve never seen the Harry Potter movies. Are they good?
fuck sake it just makes me sad seeing this posted everywhere since I can’t afford to watch it lmao

(not complaining at you for posting it btw, this is the hp sub and I’m not an idiot)
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
The scene in the beginning of Sorcerer's Stone when he got Harry from that weird island in the storm, goes a gentle giant so I got chills when Vernon stepped in "I will NOT pay for some cracked up fool to teach him magic tricks"
Hagrid is a soft soul, he's big but gentle and mostly passice,. When his face got dark and he pointed the umbrella at Vernon, the whole energy of the scene changed in a second when he whispered "NEVER. insult. Albus.Dumbledore..in front of me." it really gave chills
dude I'm crying. "I won't be here...but Hagrid will"
(ಡ᎔ಡ)
I just finished watching this and literally was in tears the whole time
This whole special was just a heart kicker. Worse was wondering why certain actors didn’t come back. Remembering how many had passed, that Dame Maggie Smith is nearly 90, that Michael Gamon is suffering with dementia…so hard to consider.
Can anyone please tell me where this is from?
This made me weep; though I didn't grow up reading the books and didn't take the chance to read the books in the brief time my dad had all titles, but I have always loved the movies.
You are not alone. That part got me too. Especially cuz i look like a blonde Hagrid now. Hair is shorter though...
All Harry Potter related movies are the best.
Holy mother....I just broke down. He is magnificent!
Don't be saying things like that to me, you'll set me off
And I was like Hagrid, Hagrid, Hagrid...Ohhh, Hagrid, Hagrid, Hagrid, Noo! Thought you'd always be mine.
And a grown woman.
* debbie downer trombone*
This made be appreciate the movies more than I did before. They worked so hard, all wonderful persons.
The man did a brilliant job with his character, so likeable like in the books. He was one of my favorite characters in both the books and films, actor and actual friendship with the cast likely helped that.
I really enjoyed this special but cried a lot during it!
I ugly cried.
Where can I watch the reunion?
I heard Robin Williams was looked at to play Hagrid... Sir Robbie is perfection, but I wonder how Robin would have played out. I can see it being legendary as well
I love this man.
oh my ...
I couldn’t help by cry during the reunion special whenever he interacted with someone 😢😢
But but but in 50 years there will probably have been at least 3 remakes and 3 different hagrids by then😥
Won't lie, started weeping when I was watching.
When did he say this?
He was fantastic as Hagrid! Friendly and lovable
I finally got around to watching this. I’m not usually one to cry, but this whole reunion just did it to me.
:(
Wholesome
I cried when he said this.
I nearly cried a few times
I hope I can watch this soon.
Wish we could get a few more movies with the original cast. Those who are still with us.
Can we get a fucking spoiler alert Jesus Christ
That made my throat hurt so much. 

And could people stop cutting up onions please?
This is going to be a very famous picture on this subreddit, won’t it?
I loved this. Fun watch. But totally felt disingenuous from some (Gary Oldman seemed pretty bored. Helena no ham carter conversation with Dan seemed super forced with the fake laughing and ad libbing) including Dan and Rupert. And I don’t say that critically it just seems honest and I don’t blame them it’s been ten years and they want to do their thing now I think these conversations have been reiterated to a redundant point. Again loved watching this today just seemed like a lot of the cast has moved on at this point.
Did not expect that to hit me but damn. 

Most “emotional” posts like this just bounce off me, I guess Hagrid is a gap in my armour.
This was just a crying documentary, change my mind
Sending virtual hugs
I didn’t read the subreddit, the title, or the caption. I just saw the guy look worried and sad in the end. I got curious and read it. I started to tear up a bit.
His best work was walking along a harbour sea wall during a storm in the film Supergrass.
Could someone tell me what this is from.
What a wonderful human being. I’ll probably cry my eyes out in about an hour when i’m finally able to watch it.
[removed]
[removed]
Warwick Davis and his various roles in Harry Potter

So much to love about this man. To think he has had major roles in so many of the series and stories I love.

And he just seems to enjoy every minute of it.
Look at how wholesome his smile is. He is so proud. Gotta love that dude.
Why did they change Flitwicks appearance so much?
Harry Potter starring:

Warwick Davis

Warwick Davis

Warwick Davis

and Warwick Davis

In: Warwick Davis and tale of Harry Potter
Key please! Lamp please!
I loved Flitwick's first look. Maybe why I like the first movie the most-I feel there is a lot more wonder.
There’s a great line in ‘An idiot abroad short way round’ where Karl Pilkington asks Warwick Davies “have you seen the Harry Potter films?” He says “Karl.. I was in all of them.”
For those who don't know, Verne Troyer, who also played Mini-Me on Austin Powers, played the physical version of Griphook while being voiced by Warwick in the Sorcerer's Stone, but was recast to maintain an English cast.
He'll always be Willow to me...
Met him in London, really nice fella.
Where is this?
For those that love Warwick, I highly recommend the English Series, "An Idiot Abroad." Its a travel show where  Karl Pilkington gets sent all over the world to experience other cultures. The kicker is Karl hates traveling and loves the mundane English things. Season two brings Warwick along with them, who actually enjoys cultures and travel.

The show is produced by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant, so you know its going to lead to good laughs.
It’s such a shame that Professor Flitwick’s wand material is “unknown.” (Source: https://harrypotter.fandom.com/wiki/Filius_Flitwick%27s_wand)

In my mind, I’ve decided it must be Willow.
All two of them.
*Why hire more goblin, when 1 goblin do trick!*
He did a show in Venice... some reality show maybe. I think he was a guest appearance or some such thing. He got into a character,  dressed up to do some Venetian courtesan stuff, and it just seemed to me that he loved it and loved acting and truly couldn’t be in a better industry for his personality. 

For the life of me I cannot remember what that show/episode was, but I think about it every time I see him and I always smile.
He will always be Wicket the Ewok to me, but willow is a close second. He has many roles. Similar to Gary Oldman who has literally played everything and you wouldn’t know who they were half the time.
I don't remember him playing the part of Casual Muggle.
Met him in Disney World when I was a kid. Such a great dude, seemed a bit shocked he was recognized. I still have the picture somewhere; thankfully.
This guy was in two of the biggest sci fi/fantasy franchises of all time! Willow and Leprechaun
Weird how I just watched Harry Potter and spent last night looking up who played every little person and did a deep dive on this Warwick guy... The most random thing ever and it pops up on the popular page!
I worked in a hotel and he hosted a convention/charity event there called Little People. Served him and his family and he was the nicest guy - took photos with everyone, really polite, told great stories. Solid dude.
Btw Americans, just so you know, it's pronounced 'Worrick' rather than 'War - wick'
He looks so chuffed.
I wonder if he got paid per role? Or if they offered him a lump of cash and said "we're going to need you for a while."
Every time I see him, I hear “Madmartigan!!”
And tony Blair too
Warwick Davis is a gift to the world. His limericks in the leprechaun films are amazing.
Does Mr. Potter have his key?!
I had NO idea he played all these characters. Thanks for posting
OG Flitwick is best Flitwick.
Bless this magical being ❤️
I wonder if he would rather fight 1 horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses?
Handsome bastard on his own as well
They way he smiles. He is sooo proud!! Such a cool photo!
He was the bomb in Willow
Swish and flick.
"Life's too Short" is a god damned masterpiece of television

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD5LBABxrTw
Is this the real estate dude?
I never realized Willow was in the Harry Potter movies!
Dude will always be Willow Osgood to me.
Holy! I always thought these characters were played by four different actors!
Man, Flitwick had a massive make-over in the midst of the films.
He was only 17 in Willow.
I actually visited the making of Harry Potter and there was so many goblin heads!
Hohoho. See here everyone! Miss Granger's done it!
This is the guy that played Willow right?
Is there any lore explanation why Flitwick changed so drasticly?
Or what are your ideas?
It's funny how both versions of Flitwick look like both versions of Griphook
The man is a LEGEND!
He'll always be the leprechaun of my dreams, and i mean that in the most miserable way possible. Not the scariest movie of all time, not even close. For some reason or another he haunted my dreams like no other, even among the likes of Freddy Krueger/Jason Voorhees and the likes.
Never knew flitwick actor was the same between the older & newer look😮
Great actor. Glad he's doing so well.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
They couldn’t give 3 other dwarves roles though?
[Anti-Semitic "banker goblin" was a rough look, tho.](https://www.heyalma.com/are-the-goblins-in-j-k-rowlings-harry-potter-anti-semitic/)
I mean, are there other little people actors looking for work?
First thing in my head was Willow, such a kickass movie. 

But this guys very cool too
I'm glad they included his real version as well... Lol
I AM DAVE! (EXCLAMATION MARK) YOGNAUT AND I HAVE THE BALLS!
Me, who never realized they were all played by the same actor: -facepalm-
A good dwarf is hard to come by
[removed]
For some reason every time I read Warwick Davis, I think of Honest Trailer guy saying Warwick Davis all throughout the staring section in different ways
big accomplishments for this small person. LUV his stuff!
[removed]
SO THEY HAVE A MUSEUM DEDICATED TO THIS MIDGET?
Read another book
I really don’t like Warwick Davis. I have no idea why, I just really don’t.
I think it’s his personality, like he’s really narcissistic
"what's so dangerous about him?"

He's, uh, a rapists
Warwick is a real name? All my inner nerd could think of was that big bad wolf from league of legends lol
Warwick Davis sounds like a 300lb black guy, I was quite surprised when viewing this picture.
Didn’t he play that black kid on that TV show called “Webster”?
[removed]
I like the goblin designs. 

Rowling made goblins intelligent in the Harry Potter universe, but they are not intelligent in the Tolkien universe. She shouldn't have called these characters goblins. 

From my understanding of European folklore, goblins are not intelligent or beautiful creatures. 

>A goblin is a monstrous creature that appears in the folklore of multiple European cultures, first attested in stories from the Middle Ages. They are ascribed various and conflicting abilities, temperaments and appearances depending on the story and country of origin. They are almost always small and grotesque, mischievous or outright malicious, and greedy, especially for gold and jewelry. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goblin
Read another book
[removed]
He does birthday parties, too. The man loves his role.
"Have you ever seen Willow"

"No"
Such a great actor and person!
I love how Flitwick needs two
He's an absolute champ!
Are the other four Warwicks paid well?
Which one is the best flitwick in your opinion?
Wait, he played all of them?!?!?!?!?!
What a legend !
Warwick Davis is awesome. He’s done a ton of roles for so many different movies.
WILLOW!!
He was also in several Starwars movies and we can never forget Willow.  Such a fan of his work.
Me myself and I lol
Oh shit they’re the same guy how didn’t I ever thought of that lmaooiioo
Warwick Davis is a treasure.
I was today years old when I found out he was all of these characters lol
Is this first goblin supposed to be griphook too or a random banker at gringotts? He might be the one who Hagrid and Harry approach at the front desks in philosophers stone I think. Was griphook in the first movie or was he an unnamed goblin?
That man us is a legend.
Life’s Too Short was hilarious.
aww his smile, bless him he’s adorable
Mind blown! Ty for enlightenment.
Such an amazing guy and talented actor! I remember seeing him in 'Willow' a while before the Harry Potter films and have been a fan ever since <3
i'm banging the drum your big day will come when they remake the wizard of oz
After waiting nearly 2 months for my missing pieces, it's finally complete!!

The shirt just makes this all the more awesome.
Of all the LEGO sets I did recently (like 20 approximately) this is one of my favourites.  Construction-wise: it was really fun, but detail wise it takes the cake with **The Stranger Things Upside Down** coming close behind. The attention that they put into making it is incredible. If you're a Harry Potter fan and thinking about buying it, do it. You're not gonna regret it.
Damn I’ve been toying with the thought of saving up for one of these for a while; do you think it was worth it?

(Great job btw man)
[Link for the t-shirt](https://www.vidy.mobi/harry-potter-back-to-hogwarts-t-shirt-hoodie/?sku=22-113-2592058-252)
That smile broke my heart
That shirt!!!
Your posts always make me smile. Never noticed your X-Men tattoo before. Love it!
Aside from the missing pieces, how long did it take you to build it? 
It took me a while, I like taking my time with Lego since I find it relaxing

I also ordered a bunch of extra students to fill the school a bit more!
I love how happy you are! I love your smile!
MISCHIEF MANAGED!
Excellent!
[deleted]
You’re a winner
What pieces were missing? I never received the missing pieces I ordered for 2 different sets—both times, they were “lost in the mail.” I *did* receive pieces that I specifically ordered and paid for, though.
Legend
Always nice to see someone this happy about something they enjoy :D
You look so happy 😍😍😍 you have a very contagious smile ☺️
cool
You are extremely photogenic. Nice castle too.
So sick, man. Looks great! Would you recommend the set?
Ah man, you look so happy and proud! I'm very happy for you, man! Looking good
I was always terrified I was missing pieces as a kid, but it only actually happened once. I thought it happened WAY more often, tbh.
Grown up... Never too old for lego!
looks awesome!!!! I just got done with the great hall & astronomy tower 3d puzzle yesterday! We both have some cool new display pieces now!
Awesome job!!!
That. Shirt.😍😍
You look so happy I wanna cry 😢. Good job and congrats on getting the pieces. From one Harry Potter and LEGO fan to another
I just started my first HP LEGO set (Rise Of Voldemort). My goal is to do all the small ones first and work my way up to this one! Lol congrats, it looks awesome!!
You've got a nice smile dude
Cute!
Are all the rock formations randomly placed or do Lego sets actually have a set place for them all? Good job.
I gotta know where you got that shirt
EPIC!!!! THIS IS SICKK
If only I had a hobby that made me this happy.
It’s so beautiful 😍
Love the t-shirt!!!
Everything about this is awesome!!!
Yay
I need that shirt lol
Nice bro! And Win for the tshirt
Well done.
Is your tattoo a X-Men tattoo?
Lovely photo!!
The amount of nerddom here is outstanding. I'm loving it. <3
That smile is contagious, thanks for sharing the good vibes man.
Dude, you look so genuinely happy that it makes me happy.
I’m am disappointed that I don’t see a Deathly Hallows tattoo.
That’s a sick shirt my guy! 😎
As a huge fan of Back to the Future, I love that shirt.  Awesome lego set to :)
Currently the coolest guy I know
Not my thing but good job.
That shirt tho. That set is impressive, I have been wanting to get into it since I am about to finish college but I have yet to make that dive. I don't have any hobbies besides reading. And there are days I just don't want to. Is it fun? Rewarding? Hard? What makes you keep going??
Your content is always a welcome sight my dude.
such pure joy,
Lookss awesome dude!!!
Haha Hogwarts castle go wingardium leviosa
That’s great! I’m so happy for you! But, can I ask, who is your favorite mutant?
love it!!!
Seriously, hat's off to you. That's amazing work
This is amazing! Congratulations on completing a master piece!!
So freaking cool!!
i'll be honest, the smile is the real seller of that pic :-)
Thats awesome.
The smile of a men who is wholeheartedly happy! 

Enjoy mate!
That's awesome!! You did great!
Awesome just awesome
Nice! I've been tempted to get this but I had no idea where I'd keep it after I was done.
You have a beautiful smile c:
Dude. Your shirt. I love it so much.
ngl.. nothing brightens my day more than seeing an adult so happy about his hobby. I wish you all the best buddy!
That's awesome!! And I love your shirt! :)
Yo, get the lightailing kit. It’s not terribly expensive and makes it look amazing. Pretty easy to install also.
Congrats on that masterpiece!!
Man, stuff like this just fills me with such joy
Bonus points for Back to the Future!
Andre 3000, I’m so proud of you!
[removed]
My wife and I are constructing that set. It looks so much cooler than the picture on the box.
Your smile!!!!!!!
I dont know which of the three is cooler.
-You
-The Build
Oooooorrr...
-The Shirt!!
👏
Bro your shirt is awesome!  As well as the LEGO castle too lol.  Great job 👏🏼
This is dope! Congrats!
This is awesome! Also the shirt is dope!
Awesome shirt
Sometimes you see a happy person and it makes you happy too.
Congratulations! It looks amazing and you look really happy!
That's the look of pure joy! Love it nice job man.
I wish I had a patience for Legos because that Hogwarts is fantastic! Also, that shirt is legit awesome and you're making me miss Dragon*Con (our big Con here in Atlanta that would be starting this week)!
This is so cute
The build is awesome, just like your smile :)
My son was just asking today if I knew how long his Lego piece will be. I ordered it 8 weeks ago. He's been dying to finish his Lego Boost ... Good to know it could arrive any day now
Looks amazing. Great job!

Do you have a spot to display it?
This is one of my favorite sets as well
Very cool man and very nice shirt
That’s awesome and I looooove love love your shirt!
Wow your smile is incredible
I was wondering why Harry Potter was on the front page and then saw the picture and understood.
Beautiful.
the look of genuine happiness!! well done
Congratulations!!!
I’m so envious!
That is one happy fellow
You have one hell of a nice smile my man, glad you got to finish your build
With that Tshirt and the x-men tattoo I can tell that you a person worthy of the bar stool next to mine.  

Congrats dood.
I just want you to know the first thing I noticed was your smile. Then I saw the awesome Harry Potter shirt and castle. But you have a great smile.
"I heard they accept black magic now" ;D
Just in time for tomorrow! I'd much rather go to Hogwarts than back to work, that's for sure.
I’m nearly done with mine!!
excellent work!
That’s awesome! Congrats dude!
this is awesome. nice work!
So freaking cool!
Okay, that’s it. I want a goddamn Hogwarts set
Ok.... my kid needs that t shirt... where’d you buy it from?
wholesome af! ❤️
NEEEEEEEEERRRD! I'm a very impressed nerd.
My favorite part is just how proud and happy you look. Well done! Some day I’d like to get one of these sets.
That is so awesome. Do not tell my wife this set exists, though. She’s never going to understand that I already spent all of our LEGO money on that Nintendo set
Sick Castle man
Awesome!!!!
Awesome build and shirt :)
WICKED ✨
I read this as “my missing nieces” and was very confused.
AYO BRUH CONGRATS
Love the shirt! I helped my hubby with all the stickers lol
Dude just looks so happily nerdy. I love it!
Ah, I see you’ve been to professor Xavier’s school for gifted youngsters
Sick tat!
What were the missing pieces?
Love the tat!
Love the shirt, the LEGO set, and the smile! :)
This is a face of pure joy
This is so fucking cool dude honestly so glad you could finally finish it and experience that moment. I hope you have many more amazing builds in the future.
Grats! Also love the shirt!
It's the little things in life. In this case, pretty freaking small things, and painful if stepped on.
It’s a lot smaller than I imagined for half a grand$ of legos...
I love how proud you look! It's so cool!
now the big problem how are you going to move it
I imagine he only thing worse than missing pieces in a lego set, is Covid causing new pieces to take two months to be delivered.
Edyyyyyyyy. I want half Edyyyyyyy
this is awesome!!!! nice job!! 👍👍👍
!redditGalleon

100 points to the house of your choosing
Im currently putting mine together!!! I wish it were bigger honestly lol
It's cute how proud you look king
Would you mind taking pics of some of the surprise/funny details?
The castle looks awesome. The smile makes the picture that much better.

But...I completely missed the shirt until someone mentioned it in the comments. Very cool.
I've always wanted to try Lego, this looks amazing. My son is almost 1 and I'll have an excuse to splurge in this sort of thing when he's a bit older.

Is there any details inside the Hogwarts itself there?
Ugh I can’t show my wife cause I already let her get the Disney castle and we like Universal infinitely more.
That’s a look of genuine happiness right there. Love it
I had this when I was younger or at least a similar one completed until drunk step-dad came in and smashed it. This looks great!
That’s is amazing. I really want to get this LEGO set. And your shirt, that smile, and tattoo, you seem like a fantastic person.
Eddie Murphy again? Nice work
Woh! That tattoo on the forearm is awesome man!

Hey /u/blackmachine312,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
I love everything about this picture
OMG his SHirT DiD ANYoNe eLse NOTIce HIs shiRT?!?!11
My girlfriend just received her... Hoping she is not missing one piece...
I’m so proud of you
YEEEEESSSSSS
Look at that man's face. That's pride right there.

Nice job!
Wow! Amazing job man. Keep it up.
Thank you for posting this. Very inspiring to me. Great job man 👍
That’s awesomeeeee!  And it suuuucks having missing pieces
I need that shirt, and is that tattoo what I think it is?
finally we found the guy they wrote WAP about!
You have been killing it with the LEGO sets! I keep seeing your face and all the exclusive sets, keep living your best life!
Nice!
Should've used accio so you could get the pieces sooner.
This dude the king of reddit. Love it!
this is so adorable, seriously!
What a way to open Reddit; your beautiful beaming smile, this masterpiece, and that dope shirt!! Fantastic
I. AM. JEALOUS.
😭
You look so happy LEGO is a magical thing I’m 37 and just sold all my 90s sets had over 200. Went out and bought my niece every Disney set she’s 4 and loves them and I enjoy playing with her
Great job!
Looting:  You're doing it wrong
I need that shirt
As an aside: You have such an infectious smile! Thanks for making me grin this afternoon!
So jealous of that set and t-shirt. I'm giddy w/ you.
I want that set so bad. Awesome
That is the smile of someone who worked for a result!
That’s awesome good job
That’s wicked
Today you win the contest for biggest nerd ever.  On behalf of no one entrusted in me I declare you the winner. BTW it was the T-Shirt that did it.
Yours sure looks great. We still need to build ours.
I see wholesome joy and I upvote
Dude, there’s way to much style in this pic! Good job man!
I loved to build it 😊
 This is where the big sets like that excel, the details! There were so many little references to both the books and movies. It's fun to discover them as you build it :D
Did you encounter the [viaduct geometry problem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL_WPxOdnNE)?
Dude looks so happy
Nicely done mate, have a well-earnt day off
I actually like this guy's tshirt more then the lego set. Love the mixture of pop culture from different eras.
I was missing one of the arches for the bridge. I still need to fill out the piece request
Man it reminds me of a time when i was a kid and my grandad gave me n1 naboo Star fighter from Lego. Could not finish it cuz of missing thruster parts... It still hurts after all those years. Glad you got the missing parts back.
Was it original LEGO or was it the cheap knock-off form [Wish.com](https://Wish.com)?  
I've bought the cheaper ones from Wish and there not at all bad tbh.
Dope!!
That’s a cool shirt 

Jk the LEGO is awesome
Nothing but JOY! thanks for sharing!
Dude looks happy af!
I can’t put in words how much I love seeing black nerds enjoying their hobbies. Makes my heart sing
That’s so awesome!!!
Put this guy on the presidential bollot .. I would vote for him over the other 2 just based off of this
Nice! Waiting was worth it, eh?
Heck yeah! It’s done. Will you paint it? Do you maybe have some other things that can accompany it? Just wondering how this could be even better for you.

Edit - oh it’s LEGO. I’m dense.
Great job man. That looks extremely expensive
Peep and Lil Tracy in Mercedes racing to the to the castle 


You look just like lil Tracy without any tatts. Also amazing work!
Damn way to spoil it for those that haven’t finished theirs yet
NERD!
Legend! That looks awesome. I’m gonna buy one now!!
You smile like a little boy on christmas :D
You look so genuinely happy! It’s a good look on you my dude :)
Great job! You look so proud, I hope you had a wonderful time building it 😊
The accomplishment in your eyes and joy in your smile has given me a much-needed boost today. Thank you for sharing!
Put on some aviators and your an 80s cop
Congratulations my man! Well done all around I hope you can display it and be the envy of your friends and neighbors.
I got this one for Christmas a couple years ago. It was a really fun build. Unfortunately I had to take it down recently to make room for a PC, but I broke it down in reverse and have it all bagged up in the original steps so someday I'll get to build it all over again!
Hah, never posted anything here before, but your genuine expression of joy made me smile too, so cookies are on me if we happen to meet. Good job with the castle there buddy.
That’s awesome! Good Job!
Awww I like how genuinely happy you smile :)
Oh man, that's awesome. You need to get the Back to the Future DeLorean Lego set now. 😁

https://brickipedia.fandom.com/wiki/21103_Back_to_the_Future_Time_Machine
Wish I could upvote 300 times. 100 for the set, 100 for the shirt, 100 for the smile.
Yooo good job bro looks nice
Me and my family made the same set
Fantastic build! Love the sheer joy on your face.
The missing piece was your smile.
This https://imgur.com/OumdwKP took me 2 or 3 hours to put together, my only lego piece :D When I was more than half way through, parts weren't coming together so I knew I made a mistake somewhere, had to take it apart and start over. How long did the castle take?
Great job dude!
That's cool as hell bro
Now that is a smile to brighten anyone's day!
Wish i could award but 🏆
Rip chadwick
Is that Hagrids cabin?  Now you need to do hogsmeade
You look so happy bro this is awesome.
Aww this made me smile, you look so happy! I grew up with both Lego and Harry Potter so this is GOALS and I'm forever sad I don't own any HP sets myself (was too expensive)

Btw, your shirt is so cool!
Not sure if it's September 1st in your timezone or you are trying to beat the influx of posts on September 1st
I love it you seem so happy ! I'm kinda jealous of your set and your happiness, keep on doing what you love
Ahhh! Your joy is infectious! Happy day to you!
Dude, this looks awesome. Great work.
This mans look is just pure fucking joy, it’s beautiful
Kid Cudi?!
You’ve even got a dragon on there! Very cool! Now be careful with it!!
I think it’s missing a tailpipe and a banana
Dude where did you get the shirt? It's very cool
Awesome man! I love your unadulterated fandom! I so happy for you.
Those little orders take forever.  Had 12 pieces of blue pegs took 9 weeks to deliver.
Dope !
That shirt though...I need it.
 This guys smile 💯👌❤️
Just in time for the return to hogwarts.

***Coincidences?***
That's really cool.
Wow, congrats! The back to the future shirt really completed this pic ngl
It looks amazing! Congrats
I love this!! Nice work! Also, you have a BEAUTIFUL smile!! :)
Legit wanna buy that T-Shirt!

Also keep smiling dude! The world needs more smiles like yours! :)
That is awesome!!!
You look happy I feel you bwo
Nice!!!! This one is so fun!
Yo that’s cool.
thats pretty awesome dude
This is amazing i litteraly love legos
I bought this at the start of lockdown! Having a baby who likes to help with everything means I have completed 1/3 of it! It’s amazing though.
You look so happy, it brings a smile to my face. 😊
I'm so happy looking at you so happy. ❤️
I found your account through this post, and you are one of my favorite things on Reddit. I looked through your history and loved everything you post
Lego has the BEST customer service. I just built Frozen. But that’s cool!
Nice! Dig the shirt too and love the look of genuine happiness on your face as well. Must have felt like a really long 2 month wait. Glad you got the pieces you needed!
This is so beautiful and looks so delicate I’m like stressed out that something will happen to it. How are you protecting your masterpiece OP?!?
nice gives me good memories of when i was a kid doing these on new years while watching the disney channel new years ball
That smile! Nice work, OP.
1. That's really cool! I can't imagine the time and patience that must've taken. Far more than I'm capable of. 

2. Also, you have a really nice smile!
[deleted]
Omg! I love the little first-year boats!
Forget the shirt! (Kidding it IS awesome) But that awesomely proud smile made my day. Happy for you!
Look at that smile. Makes me happy that he’s happy.
Duuude that’s awesome!!!
That’s amazing
That is an incredibly impressive lego set- good job. Must have taken ages!
This is AMAZING!!!!!! And the shirt... we could be best friends ⭐️
That tee shirt is amazing
Dude I fucking love your shirt!! Also, this is everything 10 y/o me would have wanted and more
Love your t-shirt. Never seen it before.
I'm glad to see you on the front page again with an amazing lego set!
Beautiful!!!
The shirt completes the look
We all know why this was upvoted to the top of /r/all.
Awesome!!!
My dude Andre 3000. I love seeing you on the front page homie.
I just love how happy you look in this photo 🥰
I feel you. 4 missing pieces on my 1989 Batmobile took a long time
OP your smile made my day!
I wish I had the patience to build this, looks fantastic! Also, love your smile, its a great one 😁
That smile says everything! Enjoy it!!
Wait?  I was missing an entire bag myself!  Called LEGO and they replaced all the missing parts no questions asked!   Great customer service, but surprised to hear about you missing pieces as well.
I like your couch
You are my spirit animal
You gonna get Diagon Alley tomorrow!?
I just love how happy and proud he looks
That's badass, I've always wanted to try one of the 3D puzzles.
Nice! Your smile says it all
I don't know what's better: the build or the shirt. 

Congrats on completing the massive build.
Absolute legend
Wasn't expecting a happy fellow with a large Lego castle on my feed.

But I'm pleasantly surprised!
This is so awesome, great job!!
You big nerd.

Good job!!
I just want to be your friend, you look like such an awesome man, so happy and joyful!
My wife is missing the entire bag #11. She got two bag #12's instead. Insane that LEGO doesn't have a more strict QA policy, especially with $400 kits.
Excellent job bud!
Lego never leaves a piece out of their sets. No matter how much you think they forgot a piece, it was actually you who lost it and some day 20 years from now you will find it.

Unless of course you bought the set used.
So ridiculously happy for you
Savage tattoo!!
Thought it was axel folley building a Lego castle for a second.
... I didnt realize you could order missing pieces...
Fantastic
What a beautiful bright smile! :D
Yowza, that's a lot of tiny foot piercing pieces!  Well done! and that shirt rocks!
Incredible, love the little boat placement too! ⚡️
Man i hope i can get it some day
Duuude I love your shirt and that smile is my life goal! Can't wait to get my first HP set
I got that Castle on wish.
This picture is awesome dude.  The true joy in your smile speaks volumes.
Awesome! Love the shirt too
Not a Harry Potter fan at all, but that T-shirt is the bomb shit
I'm positive I'd enjoy being friends with this bloke based on the cheeky grin alone.  Throw in bricks and the t-shirt?  Yep.  That's a hard Yep folks.  Fuck yeah I'm judgemental but sometimes it works.
The joy on that mans face makes me smile..
Coontaj
Ahh dude, this is awesome! I started LEGO in March and have about 13 sets and this is by far my favourite build. The attention to detail is incredible and it was just such a fun set to build. One day the puppy found it and nicked the main tower off it and I thought I was going to have to take it all down, fortunately I was able to save it which was lucky. I just put a layby on Diagon Alley so super excited for that! My last build was the NES and that’s awesome too, would highly recommend it.
The only issue I face is finding place to store it all, it takes up room so quickly. And the idea of moving house in 8-9 months scares me too!
Totally worth the wait
Dude thats cool. :o
Amazing! This looks so good! You did an amazing job :D
this is so wholesome <3
Now that is a satisfied man right there. Rock on brother
That shirt....daddy like
Dat shirt!
Your smile is the last piece that ties it all together :,)
I want that shirt!
Everything about this is adorable and you are great
You look so happy!!!!!!!! I hope you are just as happy always as you are in this photo!!! Have an awesome day and stay strong/safe out there!!!!!!
It is beautiful!
Fuck. Yes.
I can’t be the only one that thought this was Eddie Murphy for a split second right?
Love love love your shirt!!!!!
The trick is to just buy the instruction manual on ebay and request every piece over the course of several years
Nice work !
 That’s amazing!
Hey man you look happy af and that makes me happy so thank you.
I'm so jealous. I grew up building with Legos. Building this one is on my bucket list haha. I have been waiting a bit to get my son into Harry Potter and now I feel he is old enough to really enjoy the story. I hope he gets the same smile you have when we start reading the books!
Waaaaaaannnnt!!! It looks so awesome!
I’m always so impressed by people who have the patience to build cool things like this. It looks awesome! You have an infectious smile. Also, cool t-shirt.
I've been playing with the Lego Mario set I got this weekend all night, I just told my girlfriend that I know what I want for christmas and showed her this picture.

I'm 31, idgaf.
You look so happy it is contagious! Congrats, it looks awesome, also your shirt is amazing!
Sweet build my friend, welcome to the front page!
This is by far one of the best Legos I own. The level of detail and dedication behind it is incredible. Just an amazing build.
So this is what he's been doing since Beverly hills cop?
Ooo that feeling of completing it ugh it feels so good. I'm so happy for you! I hope you have a place to display it and see it daily!!! (I finished mine like 3 months ago and I am STILL staring at amazed at the details they included)
Me for like 2 seconds 

"Is that Hogwarts?"
That smile says it all!
Yay! I love seeing your posts, your smile is contagious!
I had a smaller version! Awesome!
That smile is everything
I want one but im to broke for one.
Awesoooome job!!!!!!!!!! Love it!!!!!!!
Congrats. This is one of my favorite sets.
Damn dude, bigger than anything I ever built with LEGO. You must have the patience of a saint to complete this, I usually got sidetracked and started building sideways or something.


Also not sure why, but this castle for some reason reminds me of an old counterstrike map. Although I can't recall which map.

Ah well, nice job!
Nice
Eyyy good job man, love the build.
You look so happy. You make me happy
Cool! I also have been waiting for missing pieces! In life. For a long time.
Dude, that is awesome! As well as the shirt! And your smile!
It’s so awesome!!!!
Just built the same set and had to also order replacement parts...one of the sticker sheets was missing in my set.
Love your posts!!! Can’t wait to see what you’re building next!
Just in time for students returning tomorrow on the hogwarts express!
Love this!!
That's so awesome. And the shirt is awesome too!
Eddie Murphy, is that you homie?
That looks well done.
[deleted]
You have a really nice smile
My four year old would completely destroy that in 30 seconds flat..
The joy in that man’s face makes me happy.
I love everything about this picture!! You have an amazing smile ☺️
Glad eddy murphy finished his lego set
Did this one a few months ago. I think it is gonna be hard to ever top it. Absolutely love this set!
Warms my heart to see you so happy with it! Made my day
So jealous, been wanting this for years. Congratulations on completing it. How do you plan on displaying it?
I just did a Harry Potter set, the Quidditch set, and it didn’t have the stickers in the box. Is there anything I can do about that or am I SOL? I’m new to Legos.
So JELLY
Love that X-men ink!
nice, I've had it in my cart for months, can't pull the trigger. Now it's completely out of stock.
Million dollar smile, mah man.
You look really happy, my dude. Glad you have found something that brings you joy. Keep on building!
Dude the happiness in this picture is infectious. :)
Love the tat!
Your smile could shine a cave in the night. I'm jealous
Are you the guy who built the millennium falcon. Any who that’s unfortunate they forgot some pieces but it’s great you finally finished it.
Another dungbomb from my pensive

For Merlin’s beard! This is just so good
Just waiting for people commenting why are both still (muggles)
Clever
e e

^ some spares for when you need to spell "pensieve"
For the kids: when the Sorcerer's Stone book came out in '97 GIFs weren't really a thing. Yeah we had home dial up internet and massive CRT monitors to look at things, but GIFs were just barely starting to be used as an art form. Screens with any amount of resolution were massive boxes. So the idea of an animated photo on paper was pretty magical. Now it's pretty close to reality.
The GIF version has "I'm too old for this" energy.
Can’t wait to see what people say when Dumbledore decides that he doesn’t want to be in the meme anymore, and the box for wizard memes becomes a picture of an empty room.
That's some gourmet shit.
Ha.... cause the pictures move.
[removed]
That is cool!
*pensieve
Simple yet clever
If I can see the wizard meme does that mean I'm a wizard?
u/repostsleuthbot
I laughed.
We have been fighting between "gif" and "jif". The answer was right there : wizard meme
Wizards don’t blame you! It’s my body, I can do whatever the fuck I want with it.
Brilliant!
Omg Harry Potter would have gifs before we did
“Did you put me in this meme, Harry?” Dumbledore asked calmly
[😂](https://imgur.com/MCqJ0Fj) That's hilarious lmao


  
***  
  
 * /u/dwrsmp [K] caught the Quaffle @ 00:33 ~ Gryffindor +1.   
 * /u/saraberry12 [C] caught the Quaffle @ 00:14 ~ Slytherin +2.   
  
>WHAT IS THIS? READ MORE [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/wiki/quidditch)  

January Round 3 | Game A: Gryffindor [16 Pts] vs Ravenclaw [11 Pts] | Game B: Hufflepuff [5 Pts] vs Slytherin [29 Pts] | 
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
But its not really a wizardry image as its a repetitive image and not something that has a fragment of the memory of the person that can walk and talk freely in the picture
Nice repost my guy
The way youre using an adjective as a noun makes me irrationally angry
/u/savevideobot
u/ligma_hands
I belive they are called GIFs
Please eradicate all Harry Potter fans god
Hahhaha good one
Funny
Oh I get it
Niceeee
Clever 🤣
u/RepostSleuthBot
It’s funny everytime
Why are both images still?
“I’m a WIZARD, Harry!!!!!!!” OP said calmly
Hahaha
Genius
This is quality 🤌🏽
Wizards definitely didn't invent animated gifs.
hahahaha yeeep
It's just occurred to me (thanks to your post, OP) that the wizard photos are gifs!
I recently switched from android phone to iPhone. When I accidentally took a live picture of my son riding his skateboard on my iPhone thats when I knew… we are wizards now.
😳nah he’s really nice with it listen to this yall hop on the wave before he blow up[sir marz](https://soundcloud.app.goo.gl/fcBcB7wy85aRBxSYA)
I think it's brilliant
Technically, the second one is merely a muggle attempt at a wizard picture since it only loops and we can’t interact with the person in the photograph. Also, Dumbledoor would have left by now, he’s a very busy man…
Finally. Someone said it. Thank you.
Thank you
Fantastic meme. Well done.
This is a great metaphor for the US at the moment.
u/savevideo
u/savevideobot
No all it does is put his hands behind his back. He can't talk at all.
They had gifs before it was cool
dumbledore molested harry
How do I save this!? I need it for my collection
You think if you gangbang a goat you get wizard powers or what?
And you good sir.
I dont get it. its just 2 of the same picture ??
Merlin’s beard, this is extraordinary!
Very briliant
[Pretty sure you went digging around in someone else’s pensieve](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/comments/j9vi8r/daily_prophet_intensifies/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
I'm sorry what?! Both these dumbledore pictures are the same!!
Now i wonder how Doge memes would move.
That’s actually a really good meme
That’s indigenous, bravo.
Just started reading HP series a few weeks back and Im happy to share… I understand this!
LMAO
Hehe. Nice
Reposted
Amazing!
The word muggle always sounded racist to me lol.
Muggle please
Another cumbomb from my penis
That's hi larous 😂😂😂
I just want a chocolate frogg
That’s quite… >!god forgive me!< … wizard
Parry hotter
I don't want to see a stationary meme in this subreddit ever again.
I love it! 😁👍👌
Someone fill me in on the joke??
Superior
Ngl that title is hilarious
this dumbledore always looks grumpy
Ez doodoo
I wanted this exchange to go so differently. I wish Dumbledore had been more pointed to that if Voldemort isn’t real, that means Fudge’s government as conspiring for this trial to happen, anyway.

_”Laws can be changed if necessary, Dumbledore!”_ said Fudge in a raised tone.

_”CLEARLY!”_ Dumbledore nearly shouted, to the sitting witches and wizards, _”as it seems to take a full scale criminal trial, to deal with the simple matter of underage magic…”_

Dumbledore waves his arms at the audience, in a kind of stunned disbelief that this whole inquiry was actually happening. Several of the Wizenmagot members shifted in their seats uncomfortably. The members of the Wizenmagot, knew Dumbledore hit them with a salient point. After all, Dumbledore used to sit in Fudge’s chair during these kinds of hearings, as the former Chief Warlock.

_”Moreover, the glaringly obvious question ought to be why… if the Ministry has full control of all of the Dementors, and they’re all supposedly posted at Azkaban, they’re out in a London Muggle suburb? There would be full odds that they either, were ordered there by the Ministry or they were directed by an outside force --“_ continued Dumbledore.

__”He-is-not-back!”__ interrupted Fudge in anger. 

_”Oh! He isn’t? Is that an admission, that the Ministry of Magic is responsible for this situation?”_ said Dumbledore, calmly, but one would have observed a twinkle in his eye. 

_”Excuse me. __Hem Hem__ Professor Dumbledore, surely you’re not suggesting that the Ministry, ordered an attack on this boy!?”_ asked a woman in black robes with a pink collar sticking out from underneath, sitting to Fudge’s right.

_”I would hope not, Madam Undersecretary, but, what other explanation is left? — Harry Potter is innocent, because he was defending himself and others from magical creatures that by all accounts should not have been there to begin with.”_ Dumbledore looked at her, in response. _”Of course, if the Department of Magical Law Enforcement doesn’t open an inquiry, then I’d be happy to subpoena the records of who’s been visiting Azkaban, and directing them to leave the prison’s campus, as a part of this inquiry instead…”_

Harry was shocked. He figured Voldemort, had sent the creatures. He never would have thought the wizard government would have it out for him.

_”We certainly, will open one, Professor.”_ said Susan Bones’ mom. Harry knew who she was, from seeing her and her daughter on the Platform 9 & three-quarters. She was the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.

Amelia Bones continued, _”Those in favor of clearing all charges?”_ and a great deal of hands raised. _”Those in favor of conviction?”_ Fudge and several others near him raised their hands.

Fudge looks around with a scowl on his face, and sighs. _”The accused is cleared of all charges…”_ Fudge waves his wand and the gavel on the raised desk dutifully taps three times, signaling dismissal.
[removed]
Ok, that’s pretty good.
I believe they're called no-majs here.
Did you know that you become a wizard when you turn 30 as a virgin?
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
That took me too long to figure out lol
Cringe PotterTards
Harry Potter fans arguing about which muggle horcruxed the dumblecunt or some stupid fucking shit
u/savevideo
https://upworkhk.xyz/3745801555011
10 points to the house of your choice!
Smart. This is one of the most clever HP memes I’ve seen since the movies came out.
😂😂😂😂
/savevideobot

Does it work with GIFS?
It doesn’t look like a wizard
You mean 'pensieve' ... His magical bowl was called a pensieve, not a pensive.
Love it!!
Wizard memes are all GIFs
+52 722 518 7541
Wizards invented jifs?
u/savevideo
Muggle memes suckssss wizar for life fuck you muggles
PUT YOUR PENSIEVE AWAY.
Should have made both still images.
Lol
Content for sale ;) message me if interested
Can someone please help me get a plan b
Please
Are muggles called that because they muggled the wizards in the hood?
Whoa peak meme
If magic were necessary i wouldnt laugh. I fucked my mom last night and she stopped caring about me. Please help.

Im a wizard.
Oh shiiiiiit
lol this is perfect
i love this
Wow. Well done
I got it. There are moving pictures in Harry Potter, what ron was talking about. The memes which us wizards see are also moving pictures!
What do you mean? They are the same images
Why do we keep reposting this meme
“They’re called GIFs”

“Genius, these muggles”
It took me a second to get it but once I did, it sent me
That is so clever. Fellow gryffindor, is your second house ravenclaw by chance?
Precisely
This was clever and I’m mad in an impressed way about it
Oh my god, yeah ti's true
u/repostsleuthbot
None of those pictures are moving, I don't get it?
Hmm yes I love the Ron Weasley movie
tosser dumbledore
u/savevideo
That is a really good one.
Yes just yes RIP dumbledore tho 😞
u/savevideo
True though
Maybe we are all wizards!
lol
Man spitting facts

“My son, you were named after everyone I’ve ever met since I first learned I was a wizard Harry”
Albus Severus Rubeus Sirius Ronald James II Neville Dobby Potter
I’m gonna name my kid Hagrid so he gets bullied all his life and ends up hating me.
I thought that Ron Hermione Hagrid Potter was a great way to appreciate the heroes of the war😂
Totally agree. I was just telling my kids, Rey Skywalker and Walter White, the exact same thing.
I decided to read the series recently, since I remember only reading up the forth as a teen.

Now in my mid 20's, finished the first one yesterday and holy shit did I forget things. I'm surprised he has kids at all. I'm surprised he's not in a mental health facility. Vernon and the gang did some shit to him.
Harry Potter junior im naming you after the mist brave, smart and handsome man i know.
All very corny af. And Ginny just let him do that
Ron and Hermione named their kids like the adorable dorks they are. Their initials are R and H. So they named their kids R and H lol
[deleted]
Doloras Bellatrix Potter, I had a bad feeling about you when you were born.
*laughing as if I didn't name my daughter Luna*
Do you wanna be named Harry Junior? The kids can call you Haju
The fanfic vibes from those names is _strong_
Agreed. The name Severus potter is some name that a nerd will name his kids.
I had to seriously convince my stepmum not to name my sister Renesmee after twilight lol
Well he may not have been a nerd, but maybe he was a geek.
Yeah my kids Rosa Madeline and Raymond Jacob are testament to this theory.
My son Hitler is triggered by this thread.
Severusly ?
this is the 5th highest upvoted post on this sub
"Professor McGonagall Potter, get yourself over here right now!"(McGonagall is their middle name)
One of the biggest flaws in Harry Potter was treating Severus Snape as some kind of hero. He did heroic things but he was a bully and a scumbag who did the right thing for all the wrong reasons.
I just wonder what the conversation with Ginny was like. 
"What?!? You want to name our kid after a man who bullied and abused not only us, but scores... HUNDREDS of others in his reign at that school?! Ugh. Fine. Say. If we have a daughter, what do you think about naming her Dolores Umbridge Potter? Oh, wait. Minerva Dolores. I guess."
Honestly I thought the names were so dumb. Really felt like lazy writing at that point.
https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/comments/jjj3gg/never_thought_about_that/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Harry Potter is a web programmer. His sons' initials are JSP and ASP, aka Java Server Pages and Active Server Pages. He probably has a daughter named Petunia Hermione Potter.
I don’t think it’s that surprising based off how much trauma Harry and Ginny went through
Dolores Marge Nagini Peter Draco Bellatrix Death eater Voldemort Potter
the end was cringe - cant change my mind
I thought it was my turn to repost this today?
Relevant Studio C sketch: 
https://youtu.be/SIexDBVjpic
Classic English/American dick move to rob your child of any individuality.

 I'll call my child John Johnsonson, son of Jhonny Johnson, grandchild of Johann of Johannisburg!
I overheard a customer at my job calling his kid Draco
Whatever, I’m dismissing this criticism and going to pet Luna Lovegood now.
100%
AND HE DIDN'T EVEN INCLUDE ONE OF THE BEST WIZARD IN THAT DAM BOOK.
MINERVA,LITELRY THE ONLY ONE WHO GENUINLY CARED FOR HIM AND SEE HIM AS MORE THEN JUST THE cHoSeN OnE.

🙄
Sorry, I can't get over the fact the upvote is the deathly hallows symbol.... Makes me want to upvote everything lol
The boy who was tired of having adult expectations placed on him immediately names children after adults that were important to him.... yikes
When I first watched the movies I thought it's some kind of a joke
James Dobby Potter
Life Pro Tip: Just have a kid with dark hair and who needs glasses, they'll get called Harry Potter their entire life and you can name them whatever you want.
Man naming child like some Brazilian nobility on 1800s. Like Dom Pedro the Second, ( Pedro de Alcântara João Carlos Leopoldo Salvador Bibiano Francisco Xavier de Paula Leocádio Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga de Bragança e Bourbon)
🤣🤣 damn nerds 😋
Harry Potter Obama sonic 10 inu you get back here right now and finish your chocolate pepes
I *might* have given one of my kids the middle name of either Severus or Albus, but that's about it.
Imagine the poor guy who got name Moonbeam. I’d wouldn’t have survived it.
Hagrius Nevellium Butterbeer
Not even a middle name for Hagrid. Which is bullshit because he was better then snape
Maybe it’s just been a while since I’ve read the books or watched the movies, but why the hell does Harry randomly pick Luna for his daughters middle name?  Albus, Sirius, James, Severus, Lilly, and then… Luna?  Did they just run out of other female characters and was like Luna works why not
This has to be one of the most reposted posts of all time.
I don't understand. This is just a repost of one of the top voted all time posts on this subreddit. The original was posted a year ago by another user. And now this has more up votes. How?
Going to name my child "Creature".
[deleted]
Calling dibs on the next repost.
True. Like, what kind of name is Albus Severus? Just name him Brian or something and get on with it. And Lily Luna? He practically condemned her to bullied with that one
Harry Potter and the audacity of this reposter!
Honestly, I never had a problem with the epilogue.  Harry always seemed like exactly the type of sentimentalist who would do this.  Also, exactly the type who would be moved by the grand secret-double-agent Snape reveal, enough to forget how much he loved bullying defenseless children.

It always seemed perfectly in-character to me.
What I don't get is why they named him after Harry's dead mentors and not Ginny's dead brother
Awful names
Literally just listened to the epilogue today and was thinking how Harry was able to honor Dumbledore, Snape, his mom, and dad with his kids name, but Ginny couldn't get like a middle name at least for his brother Fred?!

Why you be like that Harry?
how doese this have 61k likes
JK could've been more creative with the names. Make the namesakes their middle name instead. /:
I HATE that she included that nineteen years later scene. Terrible. Harry's name choices are cringe as fuck.
u/repostsleuthbot
Seems like r/showerthoughts.
facts, this is about the guy
Harry Potter named all his kids like some nerd who had just finished living Harry Potter.  *fixed*
Right? Like what the fuck even is Albus? Who is that.
Remember when there was that trend when parents were naming their kids like the most random thing like Gwyneth Paltrow named her kid “Apple”. Imagine going to school being that kid. 

Please if you want your kids to have a better chance at normalcy and not be punished and resent you. Give them a normal name.
[deleted]
Man I want to do with race.
[deleted]
There is something know as" Respect"
Fuck Jamie for calling people nerds like an insult. He’s basically calling them smart and good at remembering book info.
It’s almost as if he said, “I’m Harry Potter. School is for losers. I’m totally awesome”
Fine, i'll watch them from the beginning again
I dont get it
.......and yet the guy knows this why? Calling someone a nerd while reading nerdy stuff?
😂😂😂
Yeah
To be fair, it's the wizarding world. In the muggle world, they'd name the kid Mark or something.
I wheezed
I don’t know what he’s talking about cause I named them that and I’m not a nerd
That dude has kids?
Lil Jay Potter & Heronie Potter
Yasss
Problem I have with these names is not only do they sound cringy. But they come with expectations too. 

These kids are already going to have it hard enough just being Harry’s children and the expectations they’re going to have from the Wizarding World because of that. 

(Of course, Harry and Ginny would have shielded them from the spotlight when they were young. But Hogwarts is a different matter all together, as Harry himself learned)

Naming them after war heroes is only going to make it worse. Might make them feel like they have to live up to the legacy of the people they’re named after.
https://youtu.be/ZR5XGTpophI
Harry Potter is definitely not the reason that my son's middle name is James...
Better than a biblical name
Where’s the lie
😂😂😂
This man spittin
You are a wizard, Harry. *EEE ůėee*
Man can’t play great in the cold
Aragog severus albus potter, you are named after two of the biggest wankers i ever met and a madsive spider who tried to kill me
Looks like you can post this meme once a year and earn 30k plus likes.
Good to know.
"I'm gonna put all the coolest shit from my fandom into my kid's name. It'll be great, right?"
Well he won't be spitting on people anymore
YES . I always cringe when he says his sons name at the end of the deathly hallows.
I’m gonna name my kid JK, cuz I’m not having any! Lol
It'd have been sliightly better if Ginny had named all of them... I mean, Pigwidgeon Arnold Potter sounds better than Albus Severus :P
Albus dobby potter
The fact Ginny was ok with it and didn’t even get to name her kids
Makes you feel like the authors of Cursed Child creeped in to write those lines
I made a model of Azkaban

If you listen closely you'll hear Bellatrix cackling. Amazing!
That is utterly remarkable.
How was it even possible to make that water?

That's some high level professional artist work.
Somebody give this man some fucking house points. I literally gasped when I opened this.
Thought you had a giant garden there for a sec, The scale is spot on. How did you make it?
Wow.
this is clearly witchcraft!
Please tell me you're a Slytherin so we can proudly claim you as one of us
I love you.
For some reason, I feel this would look absolutely dope as an outdoor fire pit. Obviously wouldn’t make sense, but still.
Merlin’s beard, that incredible! Well done!
Azka-wow
This is absolutely brilliant!! If you don't mind me asking, what are you going to do with it?
What is that?! A prison for ants?!
Wow
Muggles are so talented
Yer an artist, u/BlandDandelion
That ocean! Perfect.
This is amazing! So realistic. Good job!
Ultra sick art 
Its nice you added the blown edge from the 3 rd movie 👍🏻🤩
This is awesome. Also now I’m wondering why these lazy wizards never fixed the damage to the roof...
With these skills you should apply for a job with a major FX production team like Weta. I went to the Warner Bros. studio in London to see the exhibit and the artwork/models they used both for pre-production and the movie itself. Your model looks to be at least of that same quality.
In the future please go with 'Blandelion' because it's somehow phonetically much more satisfying.
[deleted]
Damn! This is beautiful!If you ever start making these pieces commercially let us know :)
*cue blinking guy meme* wow.
Awesome
Oh my gosh!! Yes! This is everything!
Meanwhile I can’t even draw a straight line
omg that's amazing dude
Amazing work, the color and shading of the water is incredible. I’d love to see a build log documenting something like this!
This is beyond cool AMAZING job it looks like it could be a real set piece!!
Stopped me in my tracks whilst walking, stunning.
How long did it take you? 12 Years? (It looks fantastic!)
[deleted]
wicked cool
Maybe this is a dumb question but being that Azkaban is in the middle of water and certainly has enchantments to prevent appertating in/out, how do prisoners\visitors get there?
An exceptional art?
wow. this is just...Riddikulus
I would love to know how Azkaban was made lore-wise.

Great model OP!
This is remarkable.
Jesus those are like 30 meter high waves
Absolute stunning work.  If this were a just universe, someone this talented would never have to worry about money again.  May your skills take you far.
This is so cool that I thought it was fake so I stared at it for a solid 3 min and now I feel bad for doubting op
Wuuuuut!!!!!! This is beyond words amazing! Wish I had half your talent!
Amazing. Truly amazing.
Darn
Holy shit.
Duuuuuude this is incredible on so many levels!!!
Damn that's really cool!
That's amazing! You can be proud of yourself.
Waves are realistic
Such talent! Wonderful job!
Damn it man i want a diy video of this. Its amazing.
Can we get a 360 view?. Looks so good tho I might have to start modelling one
[deleted]
That is so cool!
Can you teach me this sorcery?
"Look, my liege! Azkaban!"

["It's only a model."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3dZl3yfGpc)

*(In all seriousness, however, this is mind-blowing work!)*
This is amazing! Great job!
Where and When can I place an order?
Holy moly dude!! I siriusly love it!! Excellent job.
[deleted]
Damn !
Great job!
This is by far the coolest thing I have ever seen on this sub. It is utterly beautiful. Well done!
Holy crap that is so cool
That’s freaking amazing!!
Holy fuck
Holy shit how?!? That’s amazing!
Amazing
Wow! The water is absolutely incredible. So much talent!
This is really well made. It looks like it weights a ton.
holy shit
It is amazing.
Nice job on that
Blimey! That's amazing.
This is incredible!
Wow.
Is this a model build or a computer model?
Holy shit
It took me like 120 sec to realise that this isn’t photoshop.
Amazing ❤️
This is incredible
This is incredible nicely done
This is AMAZING.  What prompted you to make this?  ....and I'll say it again, THIS IS INCREDIBLE
amazing
Do you have a timelapse of the creation?  It's so cool!
Your composition is excellent and your paint job is fantastic. You did an amazing job. Well done you.
That is really awesome.
This is so Creative and cool!
How!?! What is that  made out of?!! 


That is so fucking good! Do you have closer pics for detail
this is beautiful holy !
This is absolutely STUNNING.  You are truly talented!!
that's fuckin dope
So what is it for? Like an art contest? A Harry Potter contest? Some sort of deal where you win something? Because thats damn good and you deserve to win!
This is mad impressive
Brilliant!
Where is the Harry Potter Museum!??
Just the way the water looks is amazing.
[deleted]
Holyshitthisisamazing😳😳😳👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Holy shit
Oh my god i just showed this to my cousin who loves Harry Potter and she was mesmerized. You really made her day, and to that I say thank you.
Any other sweet ass models you've done that I can admire?
[deleted]
TWELVE YEARS!!!!!! IN AZKABAAAAN
Certified wavy🌊
THIS IS AMAZING!
In the words of Ronald Weasley: 'That's bloody brilliant!'
Fantastic work. I want one!!
This is amazing. Did someone contact this or did you just make it for fun?
Wow!
obsessed!
I never knew how much I needed this in my life (or garden) until now. WOW.
This is so cool, holy shit!
What’s the damage to Azkaban from? I don’t remember reading it.
I did my painting! Twelve years of it.. on Azkaban!
Amazing! One of the craziest realistic looking models I have ever seen. WELL DONE! THOSE WAVES!!!!!!!
DAMN
[deleted]
This is awesome! Amazing job!
This is awesome
I want this as a fountain, and sitting in the middle of my front yard!
Belongs in a museum
How in the world did you get those tiny splashes right at the edge of the building? Are those cloth fibers?
Holy damn, ive seen every harry potter movie at least 40 times and have read through the series thrice, and i didnt know azkaban was built in the middle of the sea...
Im dissappinted, i thought i knew everything about harry potter
Amazing!!!
How?
That is unreal!! I thought I was looking at the movie or I was in a shrunken world for a sec... 0\_o Bloody brilliant..
Can I have it
Was there ever any official floor plans or blue prints released showing what Azkaban looked like on the inside? It’s hard to picture what it would me like inside that massive block.
Piece of art, I love that water
Oh wow..
Absolutely incredible! Well done!
Woah
the worst part of prison...was the dementors.....
wow this is impressive af
This is really great and I hope you're proud of it.
Are we sure it's just a model? It's not like we couldn't shrink a prisoner down and store them there. 😏😇
10 points to Manufacturendor
Lol I was going to ask what program/game you’d made it in and then realized you actually physically made it o: so amazing
Absolutely beautiful
My mind is kind of broken looking at this, do you have alternative angles?  This is amazing.
[removed]
If you took a video of making this I hope you post it. Because this is the coolest thing.
# WITCHCRAFT
Terrific work! I love it.
Seriously this is super awesome! You should feel very proud, well done!
Honestly this is that good it should be sold in WB's official shop. I'd love to see one of Hogwarts Castle/Express too, this is such great work you should be proud.
This is siiiick, I love it!
I'm just gonna assume we can't see the dementors you made because we're all muggles? :(
Merlin, it's amazing!! What did you make it out of?? It seems big to me, in this photo - is it?? How long did it take you to make?
Very cool dudems!
That looks amazing!!!
A dragon on top would be awesome
Necrons:

\-This is my fckng Tomb!!!!!
Thats soo cool ! how long did that take?
Do you have a post ready for r/DIY because I’d like to see that.
expecto some offeros
Holy sweet horcruxes that is awesome! You nailed the water.
This is absolutely stunning and so talented!! I’m amazed, one of if not the best Harry Potter sculpture I’ve seen. How did you make it, what did you use?
This sub has been obsessed with Azkaban as of late. It's almost as if the 3rd book was definitely unanimously the best.
I need a banana for scale
Holy shit
That's so bloody awesome.
This is so well made it actually sent me into a mini-crisis.
This made me just realize: The sound of the crashing waves must have been agonizing when trying to sleep. I wonder, are there any cells all the way at the bottom, basically beneath the ocean?
Beautiful 🤯
This is very cool, but I originally thought the title said "I am a model of Azkaban".  I still clicked on it and then re-read the title.
Holy mother of Merlin! This is beautiful! Do you have a video of you making this on time lapse? That would be so amazing to watch
im...aroused...
Wtf this is incredible...tip my hat to you sir/madam 🎩
Holy crap. This is amazing.
You are the only person who I have met who likes HP... THEY ALL TELL ME STOP TRYNA BRING IT BACK ;-;
Holy cow this is so fucking cool
How long did you have to wait for the final product?

12 years of it?

On Azkaban?
Love love love this!
How long did it take to complete? It’s absolutely stunning
That’s insane!
You are  really talented
Amazing but kind of frustrating we dont get to appreciate it with more shots at different angles
*HOW?!*
I’ll take one please :) this is simply amazing! Well done!
Super kickass!!
cross post this to /r/scalemodel, please and thank you!
Prison Mike is impressed.
i think i prefer azkabang
I just imagine the prisoners below the sea. Shit must suck to get bombarded with waves the rest of ur existence.
holy shit
This is so fucken amazing! Great job!! I'm a little in awe
That is impressive.
can you show us a video? this is amazing!
[deleted]
I want it
Damn that's awesome!
I literally saw this just a few days ago after discovering r/dioramas. Glad it is also getting the love here that it deserves, great work!
I thought that was cgi for a sec
Very cool. Post Voldemort's return, correct?  I'm guessing that missing chunk is from him.  What is this made of?
Holy shit. Fantastic.
this is incredible!
This is something I don't need but I want.
The 40k player in me wants this for my tabletop.
I'm am slightly stoned and the water texture is freaking me out ! Looks like a HD picture ! Amazing work
You even painted the base ring. A true professional.
I read that as Afghanistan.
Whaaaaat? DOPE!
This is really good
That is perfect
This is absolutely gorgeous! Great job, mate!
r/whoadude
Man you have an unbelivable talent
This is absolutely amazing
Ridiculously amazing
This is amazing.
Anything's a dildo if you're brave enough
Brilliant!!
You clearly were the one who developed the CGI for this. Not another way possible. Insane talent!
Holy shit this is amazing
That is fucking awesome.
I don't really recall how it's described in the books but I always imagined it just like a tropical island. Like Castaway. And then the dementors and everyone just lived in huts. This makes more sense though.
I would definitely watch a 3 hours long video about OP making that master piece
Idk anything about Harry Potter but this is great work.
I’m sick and on cold medicine and really thought the title said “Alaska” instead...it took me a very long time to figure this out. Great job though!
Bro how tf did a dog swim out of that
Wow... what are the dimensions?
Awesome!!
Even a Slytherin like my self can admit it.
can I buy this and for how much
What's Azkaban? Nevermind. Don't need to know.
How on earth
You should really make smaller models for desks as a dye cast
This is the first time I've genuinely wished that I had platinum to give or something. This is absolutely insane and I can't imagine how long you must have spent on it. Well done!
Woah, fantastic! Well done!
Is that a resin for the water? Or some kinds of crazy painted paper-mache?

Looks fucking crazy sick.
This is so good it almost triggers my r/submechanophobia
May I ask what the materials are and how they're built up? I'm guessing foam with several layers of paint and dry-brushing to finish for the prison itself.... but how's the water done?
Wow super cool!
Fuck me that’s hot
How much do yo I want for it
I didn't watch the Harry Potter movies so I have no idea of the context. but this is super cool just as a sculpture. good job!
Wow wow wow! I want. In fountain version with real water if possible k thx hahaha
I came from /r/all - honestly, I was never a huge Harry Potter fan, so no real idea what this is - but those waves are seriously impressive. Bravo!
That's pretty fucking dope
Amazing
Holy shit this is wayyyyyyyy cool
Not a big art person but this is astonishing. It’s just so detailed and realistic.
Look's good
I thought this was a bean bag with Husky fur on it
[deleted]
I have $5 is that enough?
Incredible art! Do you or did you make more Harry Potter art?
Holy fuckin shit, that is truly amazing! Masterclass model making.
Wow, that is awesome!
Holy shit
A horror type movie from a guards perspective would be pretty cool. Or a Shawshank angle too
What a weird Hershey kiss
Holy, that looks exactly the same
Quality work
That's insane. Make more and auction them I will give you all my money
This is                       wowwww
Yeah there’s like a meme waiting to happen
Whelp, I’m impressed.
I thought that was TARS off Interstellar
I never noticed the chip in the building at the top before. Was that ever explained or alluded to why that exists? 

It looks like it was attacked by something.
This is so sick! you should make Minas Tirith next!!!
This looks so amazing!
Wow; that's incredible.
Your model is amazing! We'll done!

That said, was anyone else ever bothered by how the island Azkaban sits on in the movies didn't seem big enough for a graveyard, like was described in the GoF? The way the surf pounded the very building in the movie, the bodies would just get washed away. Try explaining that to the muggles!
That’s so cool!
Woah!!!!!
You need to make crow friends so they hover around like dementors
Oh my god this is insanely good!!!!! It looks so realistic
That water looks soo cool! How did you do that?? It looks REAL!!!!?!!?!
What is this, a prison for wizard ants?
Holy shit, fam.
Holy shit!! Amazing
[deleted]
Amazing!!!!!
THAT'S AMAZING
You know this looks so realistic I almost had a hard time believing it wasn’t computer generated.

Amazing work OP
I need to see like a video of this thing, going around it. It’s hard to comprehend the details. It looks amazing!
That is amazing. Far, far better than what I thought when I read the title.
That is wonderful!
This is beautiful work. You're awesome creative internet stranger
Insanely good.
Holy shit
Damn right you did.
This is so cool!
That would make an awesome birthday cake!
THAT. IS. PHENOMENAL.
Incredible to say the least! 

As touched on by /u/BVsaPike the books do very little to describe most locations. In the books it really only says it is "In the middle of the North Sea, you know" but also it can't be exactly as the movies (or your model) portrayed it because Dumbledore says that Morphin Gaunt, Mrs. Crouch, and others are buried on the grounds.

 While it "could" be more of a crypt situation under the prison I got the idea that there is land around or at least to one side of the building for the graveyard
Holy shit!
Good use of resin.
It literally looks like you have a portal to the ocean sitting in your yard, that is incredible!
Never seen or read Harry Potter, and don’t know what Azkaban is, but I still think your work here is incredible.
I love that so much! It’s so GORGEOUS!
Simply amazing. Well done!
This is completely amazing, wow you are so talented
How big is it? It looks huge :O ... and amazing!
Just noticed that the waves crashing onto the prison walls are made of cotton fluff? Gorgeous model!
They is awesome how long did it take to make
Everyone knows this is TARS.
But where is Michael scott?
Wow that’s really good, like sculpter good
Omg I need it!
You sure did and it’s splendid.
Well, that’s neat as fuck.
How big is the final piece?
really made me question my ability to read
This is incredible! I'd buy this, no question!
As warhammer player I want this on my table so bad. This is outstanding.
I would like to look at a incredible cross section of this place
This is so AWESOME
Holy shit. Utterly amazing!
Even zooming in it’s hard to tell that’s not really water apart from the stuffing or whatever that is.
Azkaban doesn't have very good parking, does it?
This is one of the best things I’ve ever seen on Reddit. Utterly Amazing
That is AMAZING!!!
This is so talented wtf I did not expect to see this when I opened reddit
This is epic
Your post now has the most updoots on this subreddit. congrats
Wizard Alcatraz*
Oh wow that’s incredible
How long did it take?
I love how the water fit in
Cross post to r/tested, Adam Savage will get a kick out of this!
absolutely amazing, I'm speechless
Excuse me sir wtf, it’s amazing
Badass
Bloody hell! This is fricking insane!!!!! I NEED IT RIGHT NOW. This is the most amazing thing ever!
Dude that's crazy
This is truly amazing
Wow
Coool!
Imagine being in  the cells covered in the ocean water
This is unreal! Amazing!
Well holy shit. 



That’s all.
Bloody hell that’s brilliant
Holy sh*t that's awesome!
This is like, incredibly amazing. I want to buy one.
Next up a Minecraft Azkaban
Agree, with all comments saying you can hear Bellatrix cackling, cuz you soo can.
Rip to the prisoners living on the first 30 floor prison cells
This is incredible! Thanks for sharing this :)
That looks awesome!
Impeccable and beautiful work!
(Iosef's Voice): How much for the model?
Brutal man
fucking hell youd sell these for alot.
This is insanely impressive!
By the gods! How? And how long? And materials? And just holy shit wtf batman that's amazing.
Top post of all time well done!!
What’s it made out of
*Come.*
Top post all time in this sub Reddit
***20 POINTS TO RAVENCLAW!!!*** // r/harrypotter's next top model!
This is amazing! The “water” looks so realistic (and beautiful)! What did you use to create all this, u/BlandDandelion?
That's so amazing. Congratulations on being the maker of the most liked post of all time on this sub Reddit!
Holy shit, i love it!!
woooow!
[removed]
God that's awesome!
this is so cool
This is insanely cool
Holy shit
Love that you even added the crack at the top, as well as tinges of different colour in the water. Bravo!
Holy cow! That's amazing!
Yo
You should've atleast asked, Potter

Wizards haven't figured it out but I was able to get mine fixed with lasers. 100% worth it and would recommend to everyone who doesn't like their glasses.
S’okay. I share this pain, too, Harry. And I don’t have Hermione to fix my glasses when I break them.
[deleted]
[deleted]
“Maybe if your family had invented an eyeball potion, instead of Skelegro, you wouldn’t be in this mess, Potter.”
Yeah I thought about this in book four, because that old wizard lends them his tent since he can’t use it “because he’s got lumbago.” 

How is it possible to suffer long term from something like lumbago when you live in a society that sells shit like magical bone-growing juice over the counter?
I guess magic can't fix everything?

Harry isn't the only person who wears glasses either. There's Percy, Myrtle, Rita, Arthur, James, Dumbledore, Aberforth, McGonagall, Flitwick, and probably more I'm forgetting about.
I've always seen it as there are certain things magic can't cure, like genetic issues and curse injuries. Harry says in the mirror of erised that he sees others in glasses and with his nobbly knees. Obviously moody couldn't regrow his leg or his nose after it was cursed off or anything .
I also remember that Hermione had to basically trick Pomfrey into fixing her teeth
[deleted]
My wife hates that I point this out every time we watch anything to do with Harry Potter.  "They can [insert insane magical thing here] but they can't give him magic Lasik!?" 

I also think it's funny how every defense with a wand requires you to belt out a spell, and yet nobody thinks to shoot bullets at each other which would hit you before you even heard the gun fire.
I always thought Harry’s eyesight had to do with Voldemort’s curse. In that case it couldn’t be easily fixed.
She's only in network for Blue Wand/Blue Patronus.
(Credit goes to supercarlinbrothers for this theory)

Since Harry also had 20/20 vision in the kings cross limbo scene, that means that his bad eyesight was also caused by voldy’s attack when he was an infant, which means that, just like his scar, it cannot be healed
Harry's glasses are fortunate to only have broken a couple of times in the movies and only once during the books iirc?
I mean considering how Magic can get messed up sometimes I’m not pointing any wands at my eyes.
Ever heard of the lasik spell Potter ?
My personal head canon is that Wizards are vain af and only wear glasses as a fashion accessory. Harry doesn’t know this because he grew up with muggles so he never got his eyes fixed and Wizards don’t say anything because it’s pretty normal. This is why Rita Skeeter writes about how vain and self centered Harry is.
I'd love to see the wizards not check in with the muggles for a few hundred years, and the next time they look, we're all living on other planets like Star Trek. And they can't figure out how we possibly did it.
isn't it weird that 75% of adults wear glasses? i mean....were our eyes just designed wrong?
Lasik legit felt almost magical when I got it, lasers go brrrr
Anyone else bothered that a spell that disappears bones and literally turns your arm to a bag of soup never found practical use in a fight against death eaters?
So I can only really think about how much hell Harry is going through. His arm is now a meat sock. And worse, since bones are connected to nerves and muscles and tendons *he's in utterly excruciating pain when all those connections instantly vanish and everything just snaps.* Not to mention any blood flow is now just pooling in his arm. By the time he gets to Pomfrey it would look like a damn grape and the size of a basketball *at least.* And he would probably be passed out from sheer pain or blood loss.

There are *extremely bad* physiological effects from a bone just *vanishing.*
Wonder why they made her look like someone that would have burned them at the stake just a few generations ago
Why are we injecting logic? The entire series is one big plothole.
Holy shit I found this funnier than I should've
plot hole OF NOTE!
Lol... Seems that there must be a way to fix eyesight when you put it like that doesnt it? Maybe it is around there but just as a rare or undiscovered ingredient, like the poly juice potion ingredients(I always thought about why Voldemort didnt infiltrate Hogwarts with his army the same way Barty Crouch Jr. did... By brewing a big ass batch of poly juice potion and replacing a whole bunch of students for death eaters, then I thought the ingredients must be rare so that's why it didnt happen). 

Also, side note about how we can look at these kind of questions is, I always think of the wizarding world's unique workings being represented mainly by magical creatures, magical plants, magical spells. Like normal plants and animals in real life, they must also need to do lots of trial and error before discovering the usefulness of parts of magical animals an plants whether something can be used or not. As for spells I think of it as something that needs to be worked on, like a technique or skill that channels intent to intrinsic magical ability... So not every problem can be fixed on a whim... there must be a solution out there or some connection that is needed to be made and worked upon so that intent can channel magical ability to make something happen.
My theory: Eyes are one of the high-magical-concentration areas on wizards. Wizards, after all, can see things non-wizards can't, like dementors. So, it's also a center for *magical* senses as well as normal ones. Magical attempts to alter what's innately there have weird and unpredictable side effects.

That might also explain Mad-Eye Moody. We know how *his* magical eye works (sees through a lot of things but also has constant, random movement unless he concentrates on focusing), and it seems to work the same for someone using a potion to look just like him and using the exact, same eye. But, it may be hit or miss how a different magical eye would work on a different person. 

So, Moody's eye works that way for him, but we can't have an army of one-eyed people on guard duty with the same ability.
Wizard logic lol.
I believe magic can only return you to your natural state.  Since Harry's poor eye sight is most likely genetic, magic can not fix his sight.
Hahah there is an r/movies thread about how this is the kind of response to movies reddit always has.
Pomfrey would have mentioned that Harry's related to the person who made the bone growing juice. 

It's one of the reasons his family is so rich.
Haven't read the books. Is there a reason wizards don't share medical knowledge with muggles and let them die / suffer from preventable or curable ailments? Are they just turbo assholes or is keeping magic secret just more important? I don't even know the lore of why magic is kept secret from muggles.
Pretty sure the eye is somehow more magical than other things
Whatd he expect? Pumpkin juice?
My headcanon: Harry's bad vision is a consequence of surviving the Avada Kedavra and subsequent turning into a horcrux. After the final battle, his eyesight slowly begins restoring itself.
Never thought I'll ever see another post with over 50k upvotes on this sub filled with lame ass reposts from 8 year old Tumblr screenshots. Lol
Does anyone else wonder how Hermione "practiced" a few spells and was able to cast repairo on the hogwarts express the first year?
r/4PanelCringe
I <3 JK Rowling!! Amazing woman, thank you so much for the childhood joy you gave us!!
How you think assurance works? magic? eyesight is not their fault... and fixing it could bring harry to bankrupt
Nothing more satisfying than rounding someone's upvotes to an even 5k! I need a smoke now.
I have a slight theory that harry's scar is what caused his bad eyesight which is why it's never been fixed. It's from a curse, and we all know cursed scars can't be healed
Perhaps Harry likes his glasses because they remind him of his dad?
Hold on Pomfrey, can you fix it in an instant or is it an overnight thing. Make up your mind!!!
I’m sure they could heal eyes, they probably haven’t developed the potion for it yet
Honestly i have had my glasses since i was 10.. im sure he doesnt even consider them in a situation like that. Ill go months without considering how bad my eyes are. And have honestly never wished i didnt have to wear glasses.

The day i put them on was such a life changing experience that i absolutely love my glasses
I have a question - why couldnt the bones in moody’s leg be grown back?
For a second I thought that did happen in the movie, but I’m probably remembering Spider-Man
Oh no, his eyesight..it's broken.
Fun fact that Bone Growth potion is the reason Harry Potter is rich. He is the heir of the fortune as his great great etc. grandfather invented it.
I mean I wouldn’t be in this mess, Potter.”
I'd say, this is because the potion regenerates the bone to a previous (or default) state.

The eyeball would just grow as it does, "faulty".

Just like laser surgery: they "polish" your eye to an optimal shape, and later your eye just grows back to whatever shape it was. So, laser surgery only last X months/years.
Wasn't his eyesight fine?  I'm pretty sure in the movies his glasses don't have lens.  He just wears the frames.
I always wondered stuff like this. Why wouldn’t he have his eyesight magically fixed? Or Moody regrow his leg? If I was magical, I’d fix everything wrong with me.
Nursey can give him something powerful enough to regrow bones in a matter of hours but doesn’t keep any useful analgesics on board. What kind of a shit fire facility is this?
At least is two words, you maniac.
I was just thinking today, if this movie came out today, I would never watch it. Even the books all follow the same pattern. Though I am glad I got to experience the phenomenon and got swept up in it.
I genuinely like the idea that eyesight is the one thing they can't fix, and that there are Wizard opticians in this world
Facts
Well, being magical keeps him from even fixing his hair. Reasonable to think it can keep his vision poor as well. However, Hermione was able to get her larger front teeth permanently down to normal size through magic, so… they focused on penis growth instead?
Haha!
No one wants eyebones.
So Nobody thinks Harry could like having glasses? Like, my whole family has poor vision and most of them see their glasses as part of their identity. 

Also, there is something soothing about getting to see the world blurred sometimes.
Madame Pomfrey looks like Eric Idle
The day i put them on was such a life changing experience that i absolutely love my glasses
Maybe he doesn't want to fix his eyesight. I've been wearing glasses since I was a kid and I like them. It's a part of who I am and I'm not considering laser correction.
Witchcraft
Well damn Harry we cant fix a.l your problems here
yep she's fixing bones, not retinas ya idiot
my mom think it is always me
fuck off mom
Wasn't the issue with Harry's eyesight a result of becoming a horecrux? When he didn't have his scar, his eyesight was also fine
I read “Madam” way too fast..
Oh man flashbacks to Jordi on STNG!!!
Yo for real though maybe just maybe these wizards with their miracle cures and what not living in sequestration and isolation of muggles allowing us to toil away in a for profit health care system and a world where children die of aids.     Maybe they are the assholes
I think you have to consider the sheer backwardness of the wizarding world here. They seem to be very dedicated to an old-fashioned and static way of life that generally looks down on innovation or progress. They use quills, parchment, and old potions textbooks that a even a teenager is able to correct and improve in HBP.  You could also imagine they would frown on using magic to enhance or alter their bodies in significant ways. Fixing a broken bone or other injuries is one thing, but maybe their culture views myopia as natural and therefore not appropriate for fixing with magic.
😂😂
I same the same thing about Encanto. Mirabel's mother's cooking heals everything but Mirabel still wears glasses.
/r/bonehurtingjuice
Would Harry even want his eyesight fixed?
His glasses probably remind him of his dad.
"I've got another bone you can grow you stuck up bitch."
What do you think the glaces are for mister Poter?
I wonder if they all enlarge their own dicks
"If a muggle doctor ever treats you and asks about the bone spurs and strange regrowth, you say *nothing* Potter. **Nothing**. Muggles are scum and don't deserve our medical assistance."
probably not because the risk of irreversible damage to his eyes is pretty big ig
idk
Can heal entire bones

Can't fix someone's FUCKING BLOB OF JELLY WITH LIGHT DETECTORS
I honestly don't get it. Is is supposed to be funny? Is it me or is it one of those things where everyone pretends they get it & it's funny (or insightful or whatever) cuz they don't want everyone else to think they're not in the know? Please explain.
Respect
Gouge his eyes out with a wand and grow new ones overnight.
Can that stuff fortify the "little wizard"?
Also my phone is way more magical than an owl
I’ve always thought this 😂😂 like why not
Dumbledore wore glasses too. If he can't fix his eyes, I'm sure no one can. Vision is unmagicable.
"Now, anymore dumbass question?" 

"Harry?"
After seeing Batman and Robin  
Me: "who do you think the next villain will be?  
BF: "I dunno.  who do you think?"  
Me: "Maybe King Tut."  
BF: "KING TUT, dude??? No dude, that's too unrealistic (LONG PAUSE) Not like Mr. Freeze.. that was totally realistic."
As soon as my eyesight stops getting worse every year I'm getting eye surgery. Can't stand the hassle that comes with glasses.
oof ouch owie
The books are just Harry Potter Puppet Pals fanfiction.
He's allergic to Retinox.
What a knob
Sdsdfdfsdsesddsfdddesjojkod
Dfdfdf
What
I want that bottle!
K but when she says “of course it’s gross what did you expect, pumpkin juice.” It probably was pumpkin juice and that’s why he gagged
[removed]
Harry probably fixed his eyesight. That glasses could be some magical mumbo jumbo.
Hahaha he wasn't wrong asking about it lol 😂
I have never thought about that in the books.
It's possible eyes can be corrected to have good vision but it would be unbelievably painful?
Right? Hermione was even able to have her teeth shrunk!
As someone with glasses, I wouldn't have even thought of asking her to fix my eyesight lol
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
This makes complete sense if you consider the fact that eyes are incredibly complex organs.
Don't mind her, Harry. She's still sulking that the QVC presenter she ran off with was a 'bit of a shit'.
at least*

It's not one word.
One day Hagrid was watching animal planet when blue beak flew through the window. 

'It's Steve Irvin, he's in trouble"

"You can talk" Hagrid said, incredulously. 

"No time to explain, get on my back"

But by the time they flew to Australia, Steve Irwin had been dead for 72 hours.
I think a major theme in the books is that magic cannot alter the self to a more "appeasing" form, only return it to a previous state such as healing a broken bone, or mutilate someone. Harry has always had glasses, and I think his eyesight is something innate to him - his natural state. Voldemort actively mutilated himself, but it was also a side effect of very dark magic. Every time students would try to fix their teeth or acne or whatever, it would turn out worse. Magic can mutilate you, but not make you prettier. Any other altering is either due to naturally being gifted at it, or is temporary.
I would have definitely asked.
“I thought healthcare was free here”
Bet she can re grow eyeballs tho, start sharpening that spoon.
Spectacles often become an identity issue. Perhaps Harry couldn't imagine himself without them. I still feel weird wearing contacts. Feels incomplete.
An new Harry Potter meme... 

*raises hat*

I haven't heard that name in years....

FINALLY A NEW MEME
The fact magic can regrow bones but not fix bad eyesight is hilarious to me haha. And the fact the Wizarding world has toilets and baths but don't know what other Muggle things are.
No no he has a point
I mean I guess he’s also proud wearing this bc it’s a connection to his dad, who was wearing the same glasses.
Well i have a theory: Maybe when Hermione fixed Harry's glasses in Hogwarts Express in the first movie, Maybe she could have fixed his eyesight? Idk but it wasnt impossible after we know what Hermione can do in that young age🙂
I shouldn’t have taken that as funny as I did
Maybe if Harry’s eyes disappear, they can be regrown.
Maybe he found some randomly that a magic friend dropped off
[removed]
Lol 🤣
Harry's terrible eyesight was hereditary and magic could only fix what is abnormal with the body. so they would probably be able to fix astigmatism since it is an injury but harry was born with the gene for bad eyesight.
I love this 😂
Always found it funny how they say he has his mother's eyes who didn't need glasses. But he needed glasses like James did because of bad eyesight...
Regrowing bones? Simple. Takes one night! Fixing your eyesight? What are we, magic?
Maybe he did fixed his eyesight, but kept wearing glasses as a fashion statement.
I always just assumed that the potential risks of using magic on your eyeballs was greater than the slight inconvenience of wearing glasses, the same way most people choose to wear glasses rather than getting Lasik. As evidenced by Eloise Midgen, sometimes using magic to fix something can go very wrong
Accidentally bought the gen Z/ how do you do fellow kids dialect version of Philosopher's Stone and I'm dead 💀

I just love the "which made drills" part never changes in any of these.
"an absolute unit of a mustache"  


I love this.
"Girlbossing too close to the sun" made me cackle! 

I vaguely know this slang from tiktok
"Because they were all fax no printer."
this meme is so funny and I love how everyone has agreed to maintain the integrity of “which made drills”
"The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley who they thought was the main character" SIR
"Tbh they were the last people you'd think would be sus"
lmao I need this shit
(This was not meant to be serious I was inspired by the other dialect parodies and also Spotify Wrapped's tiktok/ Gen Z pandering)
“A total Karen with zero chill” I’m done, this is amazing
I would read at least a full chapter written like this!
“Absolute unit of a mustache”
"Small son who they thought was the main character" had me LOLing.
"HARRY" Dumbledore yeeted, "FOR REAL HARRY, THIS IS NOT THE VIBE. WHY IS YOUR NAME IN THE GOBLET"
cancel the dursley's! boycott them sponsors! boycott Grunnings!
Best one yet - ‘they also had lowkey tea that didn’t pass the vibe check and their greatest fear was to get called out and cancelled’ - I don’t know why but this made me howl I can’t stop laughing
I wish the whole book was dialected and sold because I would buy this in a heartbeat
I need this
As a 16 year old I can confirm this is a masterpiece😂
I unironically think I'd enjoy reading the entire series this way. 

"Harry, did you deadass drop your @ in the goblet of fire?"
KEEP EM COMING 
THANK YOU
>adulting

>who they thought was the main character

>girlbossing too close to the sun

This is the best one yet!!
omg uncle vernon being dummy thiccc (with 3 Cs) is making me cackle
Where do I buy this?
“…which made drills.”
okay this is the best one. where are y’all getting the meme template?
LMAO
I hope people keep doing more of these. I'm finding them very entertaining. Thank you!
thank u, more
Damn I’m getting old, I don’t understand half of the slang written on the page
I LOVE this one. 😂😂😂 my kid would actually read it!
Okay but if this was real, I would read it. Several times.
I'm sorry, are all those versions real, or are you all just mocking?
This is the best one. 🥇
Dam I am old... I have to re-read every sentence to understand it
WHATS THE NAME I NEED THIS RN
I need more lmao
I already prefer this version off of page 1 alone
I ... can't even understand it.
 I NEED A FULL ADAPTATION!!!
I want an entire book thats just written in shitpost.
All fax no printer!
I love these.
This is the best one, I feel the way I do when I try to understand my younger brother!
I am obsessed with this. The tea is about to be spilt.
I love this Trent(:
“But they also had lowkey tea which didn’t pass the vibe check and their greatest fear was to get called out and cancelled.” 

My favorite. 😂
No cap  this story bussin bussin
"All fax, no printer."  

I'm going to try to jam this phrase into conversation as much as possible.
Instead of "Chapter One," should it say FIRST?
Hey that's originally my picture! There's my table 😂 love this btw!
This is fuckin hilarious
Man i am dead hahaha
This is amazing 🤩
I need all seven books of this immediately
I never want this meme to end.
This is it. This is where it's peaked. I would love to read the whole book like this! 😂
"The Boi Who Diedn't"
Mr. 👨 and Mrs. 🤶 Dursley, of number #️⃣ four, 4️⃣ Privot Drive, 🛣liked 👍 flexing 💪 that 🚪 they 💁 very 😽 basic, 🌑🌑 thank 🎺 u. 🦿🦿 Tbh, they 💁 were 👶 the last 😍 family 👪👈 you'd 👉 think 👨 would 🌳 be 🏻 sus, because ➡️ they 🤼 were 👶 all ➡️🕥2️⃣ fax 📠 no 😳 printer. 🖨

 Mr. 🙎‍♂️ Dursley was adulting at a firm called 📲 Grunnings, which 🙌😩 made 😼 drills.  


He 👥 was a dummy ☠️🤡 thiccc (With Three 👌 C's) man 🏻👨 with hardly any 🕺 neck, 😩😩 although 😛 he 🦊👨 had 😴 an absolute 😤 unit of a mustache. 👨 Mrs. 🤶 Dursley was a total 💯 Karen 💁‍♀️ with zero 👆🏻 chill 💻 and had 😗 hella 🚷 neck, 🧣 which 🤔 came 🙌 in 👏⚓ useful 👍 when 💬 she 👩 was stalking 😈 the neighbour's🏠🙋🙋‍♀️ and not 😒 minding her 👩 own. 😠  


The Dursleys had 🥕 a small 👌 son 👨 called 😮 Dudley who 📷 they 👩‍👩‍👦‍👦 thought 💭 was the main character. The Dursleys were 👨😩 mostly 💁🙋 thriving, but 🦎 they 👩‍👩‍👦‍👦 also ➕ had 🤧 lowkey 😳 tea ☕ which 🌎 didn't ❌ pass 🙅‍♀️🙅‍♀️ the vibe check 🚏👀👀👀👀 and their 🧏 greatest fear 😱 was to be 🐝 called 😮 out 😜 and canceled. They 👩‍👩‍👦‍👦 were 👨 girlbossing too 😡😲 close 👂 to the sun ⛱ and didn't 🚫 think 🤔 they 👩‍👩‍👦‍👦 could. 🤔
Cool, can you name the ISBN ?
Bro where do I buy this?
I think i had better luck trying to read the Scottish one.
[The audiobook version](https://ia601407.us.archive.org/7/items/hpz_20211204/hpz.mp3)
How do you make these??
Most of these annoy me but this one is actually funny hahaha. I love that I don’t even know what half of it means.
Where can I purchase all seven books in this beautiful dialect?
I am positively and absolutely dead 💀
There needs to be a collection of these, in all languages & lingos, a la "My hovercraft is full of eels."
Alright, where can we raise the funds for a full version of this book?
🤣🤣 this is the best one so far
[deleted]
These are fucking amazing 😄😄
I feel this on a deep level
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen.
This is my favourite so far
Ah, yes

"Harold Potter (he/him) and the rock from that really old guy"

A classic.
Thanks, I love/hate it
Ok I need this!!
I don't understand this one. I must be old now.
Im not surprised. Ever since i learned they made a scots version.. im sure theres a whitetrash nascar style out there.
All fax no printer lol
Im gen z and i don’t even understand the slang that i should no
This shit is bussin.
So far this is one of the "versions" that made me laugh the most.
Does anyone have a link to the Samuel L. Jackson dialect version of the Philosophers Stone?
Can't wait to see the hagrid description
I know the Scots dialect one is legit because I have a copy...

But is this one legit because I need this version! What's the title please?
I genuinely can't tell if this is a joke or real but if it's real, link to store.
I like knowing that Hella is still relevant.
I would love to have these ngl
Which made drills. Im ded 💀
Please tell me this is real
Please tell me that's real and you didn't just print it
how does one acquire this?
Just when I was getting completely sick of these, you go and do this.

Bravo!
I'm ashamed that I can understand this
This is something else. I guess I'm "unalived" as well.
Are all these real, or just made up for upvotes?

If the latter is the case, you are hereby, by posting these, legally required to rewrite the whole book in this style.
I love how they keep “Grunnings, which made drills” the same.
“The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley who they thought was the main character” I AM FUCKING DYING
I read this and nearly had a stroke... This makes me cringe so bad but it's funny I loves it lol
Wait, I need at least one of the books written in this dialect  
Just imagine me writing my bachelor thesis on this masterpiece and debating whether he was dummy thiccc or just dummy thick
Unlike the lowkey tea, this page passed the vibe check for sure 🔝
This might be a stupid question, but is this real, and if it is, where can I find it
Is this real? Because, frankly, I want it.
Now on my must read list.  If I can read Olde English in the original texts, surely I can muddle through this!!
IF YOU WRITE MORE, I WILL NARRATE IT FOR $50 AND A SANDWICH. 

PLEASE AND THANK YOU.
Thanks, I absolutely hate it. 

Side note: where can I buy it?
I kinda want this lol :-P Not Gen Z at all, but might give me a laugh
As a member of Gen Z I am both ashamed I understood this and am also ready to throw a whole weeks pay at a full copy.
The only crime here is the fact that OP didn’t post the whole book…

Hagrid: yer a wizard Harry 

Harry: Hold on, What?

Hagrid: a wizard. And a damn good one too, I’d bet

Or

Hermione: but there’s no light!

Ron: bruh, my guy ARE YOU NOT A WITCH?

Or, in OotP

Umbridge: tell them I mean no harm!

Harry: we’re even now, [bitch](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/035/822/We're_Even_Now_Bitch_Banner.jpg)
The person responsible for this should be sent to Azkaban.
This is disgusting.  Where's the NSFW tag?
"dummy thiccc"

LMAOOO
🤢🤮


Cringe af.
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen
[deleted]
Read this in Morgan freeman’s voice
Can I purchase?
I need the full version right away.
Is this actually real?
Where did you find this book. I need it
I only got parts of that like "hella neck" and "absolute unit of a moustache"
Lmao we need more! More chapters, audio books, a musical!!

Sn this reminds me of chanwill's imitation of Dumbledore. Anyone watch her?
I wouldn’t be able to get through the series of it was written like this because I’d be laughing way too hard
Brilliant. Lol. Surprising how much sense it made too.
How many fucking versions can you guys "accidentally" buy lmfao
9/10 no emojis
Are these real? Imma leave the pirate one and snatch this one up like a snacc.
r/fellowkids
Ain’t no gen z even know what a fax is.
I would kill to hear Stephen Fry read audiobooks as written like this.
if this was gen Z dudley should be spelled DUGHDLEIGH
I'll make an audio book of this if someone can point me to a link of where to buy it.
I want Jim Dale to read this version, too!
This is fake, right?
This is the dumbest thing I've ever fucking seen.
This isn’t real, is it?
where do I buy this
asking for a friend
Honestly, I want more. Damn you JKR, damn you!

Even this version, just catches you alive!
I’m trying to find this to buy it but CANNOT find it. Anyone with the link, please. Send it over.
That hurt my brain.. but I couldn’t stop reading.
Can I ask where you get this and is there an online version? I would be *very* interested in reading the full thing.
This is streets ahead!
i love that it’s still readable and understandable!! gen z in hogwarts lets goooo
So many questions: why? ; Who sat around and "translated" this?; Is this satire?; does anyone really talk like this outside of the internet? 😆
Wow. Even though I'm technically gen z, I only understand most of this because I know how philosophers stone starts. I've never heard most of these expressions. However, 'hella neck' and 'absolute unit of a moustache' are terrific.
Hang on. Is this a purchasable thing?! This is hilarious and I want it!
Is this a real book??
This is so fucking funny
Where, please?  I want to get this as a gift for someone.  Thank you!
Wtf did i just read?? Is this actually a thing?
Is this is Gen Z’s way of trolling us for our love of HP? 😅
No seriously is this real? Where can I find this??
WHERE DO I BUY THIS
Anyone knows, where I can find this book? I need this in my life 🤣🤣🤣

&#x200B;

I laughed waaaaay too much than I should've hahahaha
Fuckin lost it at “all fax no printer.” We are doomed as a society.
I’d buy the hell out of this.
Is this real or a joke? 

Please tell me it is some sort of a gag!
Accidentally promoted my book on Reddit.
I'm 40 and understand it.... too much time on Reddit?
Please link where you can buy this
If only this was real
Thats incredible! Is it real
"absolute unit"
Was this written by an AI?
I’m dying, I’m deceased
I don’t read much at all, but I’m about to get this book and read it
All fax no printer lmao. How is this actually so funny.
Never thought about it, but Mrs. Dursley is a Karen.
Serious question where can I buy this. I have a good friend who loves Harry Potter that is about to turn thirty. He’s going to hate it lmao
I'm too old
Wait is this real
“I must not cap. I must not cap. I must not cap.”
Dude no one talks like this
Where are people getting these translations at?!? 🤣
I don't support book burnings but....
We need more!
This is the worst thing I've seen in my entire life what the fuck
Can this exist so I can give it as Christmas gifts to everyone I know lmao
I'm gonna need at least the first chapter Gen z'd okay so I can sleep peacefully. One page is not enough.
Honestly ,where can I buy one of those ,it's a literary masterpiece i need to add to my collection
Where do I get this?
I hope this is a real thing
Please upload other pages. I need this in my life
I wonder if there’s gonna be a book that’s gonna be entirely in Nadsat
Oooh, who wrote this? I assume it’s no JKR.
Never thought about that.

Albus frodo anakin tiberius potter
The names of the children proved that Hermione and Ron were the ones with common sense.
Funniest thing for me is that Ginny aperently had no say in the matter lmao
There was a joke that Harry named his kids after his favourite ships.
In fairness, Harry did just finish the Harry Potter series.
Why all this trouble when the kid's just gonna be called Potter I wonder
That entire epilog was me thinking for the first time "nooo JK what are you doing? You know better than this."
Albus Severus is an awful combination.
Harry needs to do the yell test. Stand out on the back step and yell the name as loud as you can. Like you've just seen your darling little one trying to levitate their sister... If it yells badly, don't name it.
I always found it weird that, aparently, Ginny had little say in the naming of her own kids. Or at least, she agreed with pretty much all of Harrys name requests. 

I mean, look at it: 

James Sirius: Harrys Dad, whome Ginny never met; Harrys Godfather, whome Ginny did know a bit, but as far as we know was not especially close or anything. 

Albus Severus: 1. The old guy Harry thought he was super close with. Ginny surely admired Dumbledore, too, but we have no indication that she had any special connection to him, other than being a Hogwarts student and a member of the resistance that has him as leader/figure head; 2. The guy that every Gryffindor student totally hated. The guy that killed Dumbledore. That was the figure head of the horrible regime at Hogwarts during the 7th book, when Ginny actually was at Hogwarts and suffered under said regime. The guy that aparently was into Harrys mom, and as a result was in a position where Dumbledore could manipulate him into doing stuff that protected Harry for as long as Dumbledore needed him to survive.  Even if the last thing makes Snape a hero in Harrys eyes, why would Ginny consent to Snape being honored that way?

Lily Luna: Harrys mom, whome Ginny never met. And a girl that was a friend of Harry, and a good friend of Ginny. 

Even ignoring that Harry somehow decided to honor Dumbledore and Snape, but not e.g. Lupin or Hagrid: Looks to me like the only time where Ginny was able to honor someone important to *her* was the second name of her third child. Ever other name choice had little personal connection to her, or in case of Severus honored someone she had good reasons to resent. While Harry got to honor both his parents, his godfather, his two "heroes" and someome he is friends with. Even Luna, the one person honored that is closer to Ginny than to him, is someone he is close with, too.
I knew a girl who called her kid Nymphadora... 😬
As far as I am concerned, the epilogue doesn’t exist because I genuinely believe that it makes the whole story worse. Whenever I reread the last book, I stop at the last chapter and pretend that we never got any definitive answers on how Harry and his friends did as adults
I like the theory that Rowling made a monkey’s paw type agreement with the devil that she would write an incredible book series never putting a foot wrong. So when she finished the last book, the deal ended and the spell wore off. And then she looked at the last book and thought, “hey, maybe it needs an epilogue....”
I will never forgive J K for naming Harry’s son after Snape but not Hagrid, the first consistent adult in his life who always treated him with love from the very first day they met.

Insanity!
In case you don't know.. Jamie Woodham (the Twitter user) has had this Tweet pinned on his profile for four years: "[Donald Trump asking about nuclear weapons is the biggest red flag since Voldemort asked about Horcruxes as a teenager at Hogwarts.](https://twitter.com/jwoodham/status/760903088605499392?s=20)". JK Rowling saw this Tweet and retweeted it (hence the number of retweets and likes).

Jamie was a guest on my podcast years ago, and I asked him about the Tweet. He said that he wrote the Tweet, thought it was witty, then hopped in the shower. When he got out of the shower, his phone had exploded with Tweets and texts, so much that his phone was basically unusable until it calmed down. He was super proud of it because two of his favorite things (politics and Harry Potter) and was recognized by the author of one of those things. Pretty dope (if we just ignore all of Rowling's actions since then....)
In all honesty, I always hated how forced Harry and Ginny's kids' names sounded.
 Listen to this: Rubeus Potter. I mean come on, that would have been perfect.
The Epilogue just always sucked. Should never have made the cut. The pre-epilogue final sequence was a perfect ending.
I dunno why he named his kid after Snape anyway, I mean the guy was a massive dick to him at every opportunity but because Snape had a rager for his mom and did like a couple of kinda nice thing for him in secret then he named his kid after him...
The names of Harry's kids are easily the worst things about the books.
Why after your dead parents? Why not name one of your children Rubeus? Why is Luna the only living person you named any of your kids after? How the fuck did Ginny agree to any of this?
Still better than Elon Musk/Grimes's child
Prove me wrong, Harry Potter is the only real Potter-head.
Harry one of us
What's worse, Hagrid never even made an appearance and he was the dopest one of all of them. Ditto Dobby. Hell, even the slightly douchey dead guy got honorable mention and Harry never even met him
The epilogue pissed me off so much because it read like awful fan fiction. It was so unnecessary.
I always thought it was pretty obvious he would name them for his parents, parents friends. Albus and Severus was really brave. Snape really had the hardest job in the order, and was really the bravest man in the order. 

James Sirius Potter and Albus Severus Potter makes perfect sense. 

I always thought he would name his daughter Lily Tonks Potter or Lily Dora Potter instead of Lily Luna Potter. I mean Luna is still alive, and the rest of the people died before their time.
Buzz killington here but I always thought that the names they chose for the kids was a reflection of the scars the war left on Harry. Dude will be living with his complex feelings and pain over the likes of Sirius, Dumbledore and Snape forever.

In regards Ginny and her seemingly lack of input into their names, families can he weird over such things. It was probably an unspoken agreement that if anyone was named after Fred, it would be one of George's kids if he had any.

Finally I'd say Ginny seems like the kind of person who would be chill about the whole thing, with Harry being the more sentimental one in the relationship.

Or....JK was just guilty of being overly sentimental herself. Who knows. 😉
I get James's name . I get Lily but why Luna literally every other name is after someone who died but why Luna. Also why would you name your children after your teachers. I get they were Noble and brave and everything but really.
To be fair he didn't fully grow up in the Wizarding world also he didn't have parents that would teach him the history or culture. So he is low-key just a fan
Did he name them harry potter jr?
Albus Gimli Potter
It’s times like this that I’m kind of glad that I don’t have any respect for JK Rowling anymore so that I can say with confidence that some of the creative decisions she made while writing the series such as this one were absolute dog shit.
The names are great

**Change my mind**
In my family it’s quite popular to give names after people from family, especially older generations. My first name is after my godmother, second after my mother (both are alive). My cousins’ names are after our great grandparents. My other cousins’ names are after their father and grandfather respectively. Not always the case though with the first names, usually the seconds.
This is spot on to me because my wife and I like the name Lily James - if we have a girl, since my wife likes the actress of the same name.... but it comes off as if we’re *those* types of HP fans.
He also named them exactly as he wanted, and apparently didnt let Ginny help pick any names.
I named my kids mom and dad
Harry Potter junior, I named you after the bravest man I know

...

It’s me
Boys: Arthur, Remus, HAGRID, Neville

Girls: Molly, Minerva, Luna

Those are better names and the names of the people who actually mattered most, Harry should have changed his last name marrying Ginny, he is a Weasley and has been since he was a young child.
lol
My problem with this is that they were all parts of Harry’s past and nothing to do with Ginny. Where was the son named after Fred?
Ginny got no input on the names lol
I literally thought this when I first finished it. The epilogue is terribly written.
I always hated those names its so bad. Lets name my son after a creep that bullied me half my life and was obsessed with/proballystalked my mother. Seems legit. Albus severus dosnt even sound good it has no flow to it. Out of albus Percival wulfric brian dumbledore he had to chose albus severus. Fredrick brian potter would have been sooo much better (honoring fred who was actually cool) than that cringy name
Makes sense. There is no bigger Harry Potter nerd than JK Rowling. She even writes fanfiction.
What did he name them?
I always thought that. Bullshit recycled mashed up names.
Hmm my cat is named Harry... this makes to what?
To think that Harry named of his children after the incel that drooled after his mother all his life and made Harry's life (and the lives of his friends) living hell during his years in Hogwarts, instead of someone like Sirius is so fucking bad writing it sounds like fanfic.
I think it's a good example of Rowling being a bit of a narcisist. Getting high on her own drug. And making fanfiction for her own book series. Like cursed Child.
Or like some nerd who just finished writing Harry Potter...
That last chapter literally ruined Harry Potter for me
I'm still salty it didn't end h / h r.
Because he was written by some nerd who had just finished writing Harry Potter.
We all know who the favorite child was

[deleted]
I would say that looks more like Dudley and Harry's breakfast, but I doubt he ate anything that healthy...or light.
Only on the morning of the flying car incident. Otherwise everyone was fed
More like Ron told his mom to give the middle of his bread to Harry because the dude is a fucking champ and anyone would be lucky to have a friend like Ron.
I feel like a more accurate (albeit less funny) version of this would be Harry’s plate on the left side, all cute and thoughtfully made, and Ron’s plate would just be a big heap of random breakfast food. Mrs. Weasley doesn’t love Harry more than Ron, but Ron has never had any doubt in his life that his parents love and cherish him. He already knows that. Harry has never had that. His mom would probably know that a gesture like this would mean a lot to Harry, whereas Ron would find it embarrassing, like the sweaters. Not to mention, Ron wolfs his food down so fast he probably wouldn’t even notice if she did this haha
Nice try Voldemort!

Ron, STAB IT!!!!!!
Well, she was also aware the Dursley’s starved Harry, hence the extra food. As for Ron, she probably knows he is one of those people who doesn’t get hungry till noon. No point preparing him a breakfast he won’t eat. She’ll make him a nice lunch though.
The weasleys are poor due to the amount they spend on food.

I swear one chapter harry says he gets a dozen sausages to himself and another a dozen bacon sandwiches like whattttttttttt
[deleted]
Don't joke about that. She loved them all equally. It even shows in her boggart fears in book five.
This is slander against molly weasley and i won't stand for it, she loved everyone equally, and only gave harry special treatment due to his circumstances with the Dursleys and even then that was only really after he had to be rescued, otherwise he was treated just like everyone else as a normal member of the family, especially later on
Harry was the guest.
At least Ron got the coffee
Ya know, the breakfast on the left is made to be seen as some huge labor that takes soooo long that the mom has no time for herself. 

But it's like, what, 10 berries, 2 orange slices, a bread cutout, and a cup of chocolate milk? That would take all of 2 minutes to complete, half of which is digging around for the damn bear cutter.
I feel like this is more like Dudley vs Harry
Nah, when my dad died, several of his friends did extra special things for me and my sisters. It's not because they liked us better than their own kids. It was because they felt like my dad would have gone out of his way to look after *their* kids if the shoe was on the other foot. Molly loves Harry like his parent, because James and Lily were her friends. That's why she starts mothering him as soon as she meets him, before she knows anything about him. She just has a narrower window of time to show all that love to Harry than Ron.
As a Mum who has fed my kids friend's bigger portions because that kid need it more than mine, I get Molly.

There's nothing sadder than a skinny kids acting like  being given a sandwich is the same as winning the lottery.
[removed]
Knowing Ron he’d be happy to share his food with Harry.
another reason I could never take to the Harry/Ginny pairing. Not just because it came out of nowhere but because she looked a lot like his mum besides the eye colour, had his mum’s fiery personality, and Harry was basically a Weasley sibling since the age of 12.
Lol
I think if Harry, just once, told Ron he was jealous of his family, Ron wouldn't have had such a Potter complex.  Ugh, (teenage) Boys!
Meanwhile Ginny is still looking for her jumpa…
This is unequivocally false. This sub pushes the ‘poor Ron’ narrative harder than Ron bashing fanfics.
Its hilarious this is watermarked when Id seen it long, long ago for another sub.
Yea but only in the sense that their family could not provide the best for everyone. Given that Ron enjoys a meal near the left image year round and Harry distastefully enjoyed the right images; it would only be common sense to shower Harry in the few weeks before the term started.
What a lousy magician, couldn't she just have multiplied the bread? Magic 101 ...
More like Aunt Petunia for Dudley and Harry respectively, if she ever made breakfast.
It's more like Dudley's breakfast compared to Harry's
And here I thought Ginny was the favorite one 😂
I mean it’s always like this. My mom like never makes me pancakes she only does when my best friend visits me
Who's Ron Weasley?
Snape snape Severus snape snape snape Severus snape RON WEASLEY
Yeah it’s almost like she knew that he had spent all of his life getting basically nothing and she was trying to be nice
Damn.. whats the story behind this photo lmao
Poor won won :(
Fred and George were her favorites. Argue me
May I have the template for this meme please
Stop please, I can't be laughing this hard in school
Does it only point out that Harry’s plate was heaped in august when he was fresh from the Dursley’s? I don’t remember those types of comments when he joined them for Christmas coming from Hogwarts. 

Ron may lack new supplies and new clothes, but he never lacked food. Coming back from stealing the car the punishment was doing a chore instead of going back to bed. But otherwise, Harry’s plate was heaped with food but everyone else had plenty of food too.
I'd do this as a Petunia makes breakfast for Dudley and Harry
!redditGalleon
No wonder Ron left Harry in deathly hollows. Tsk tsk. Lmaoo
OMG. But really, though…

To be fair, this is probably Ron’s second breakfast since he’s almost constantly eating.
Awww, that's funny, and sad.
You’d think that seeing a boy who didn’t have parents would make someone wanna be a better parent but instead she just wanted to be HARRYS parent. Hero worship?
This is why she is my one of the least favourite good characters. When a child feels neglected by his own mother that it becomes his deep rooted insecurity that she doesn't love him or prefers her other kids over him you know that mother is not a good mother. Emotional neglect is as bad as abuse.

 This fandom only loves her bcz she took care of Harry and loved him. That's all.
Molly Weasley would serve a poisoned bread for Bellatrix , lol.
Why is this so damn true
[removed]
poor Ron
Looool
Well you aren’t wrong but?no?fuck ron
😂😂😂😂😂
I always hated her for this
So true lol
[deleted]
Her to Harry: "Oh dear oh dear, gorgeous"

Her to Ron: "You fucking donkey"
She would piss in Ron's cornflakes and then squirt her breast milk in Harry's coco pops
Brilliant, absolutely brilliant!
😂 so true so true !!!!
[deleted]
Is that that bear from the meme where he looks up at the woman sitting next to him
[deleted]
lol this is so funny but who cooked the bread or did they buy it or did dudley eat it all before and they used magik to get it back coincidence i think not
Ron was probably my least favourite character by the end.
'Arry Pttor?
Can I get one of those tier lists for the Weasleys? But it’s just all of the weasleys in s tier and Percy in tier D.
I cried.
Harry even stole that limelight from him.
So….. she ate out Fred?
Its funny because Harry isnt her child.
Lol, she might as well adopt him
Is her real name Monald, by any chance.
That coffee looks good, and you can dunk an egg in that toast. Fruit, yogurt, and some tender loving care are nice, but coffee, eggs, and toast aren’t bad as a second option
You have awaken the Harry Potter fanbase
r/moldymemes
how many calories in harrys plate lol
I hardly can count 100
lol
I think that was her breakfast tbh
lmfaooo
I know this is a joke but a part of me wants to viscerally defend molly's honor
I could see this happening. Moly was a women h=who loved her children, but my god did she play favorites with them.
My mcat score was my 13th reason
Just out of interest, what is this meme called? Looks like it could have a wide range of applications.
[My favorite parody of this scene.
HA!

We actually won’t prescribe it
Is this an actual scene or made up for the gag?
That's what Asian parents do
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Poor ron !
That’s cruel
lolz. maybe that's just how she treats ron when harry was around?
All jokes aside I love how Molly become his mother, then funny how by law, years later his mother in law!  I wonder if it felt odd to her, or natural. 
Molly: Oh harry, you didn’t need to Marry Ginny, I was calling you my own the moment you called my Ron your BFF
[deleted]
[deleted]
!redditGalleon
More like what Harry got vs the rest of the family
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Harry is always the favorite Weasley child.
So true though- poor Ron
Took me awhile to realize what's missing from rons kmao
It was exactly the same.
😩
