Sad News: The founder of /r/jokes has passed away
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
For my next essay for school, I'll dedicate it to his work
I'm kind of amazed that Larry Tesler is the actual name of the person who invented cut, copy, and paste, and he actually did die two days ago. That's way more dedication to research than I've come to expect from /r/jokes.
RIP
Damn RIP. Never even thought about the invention of copy and paste.  Such a simple concept but nobody had ever executed before.  Gonna Ctrl+V with gratitude today.
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
In memory of Larry:

An old friend of Groucho Marx passed away at 94.  When Groucho told another old friend of the man's passing, the friend asked "What killed him?"  Groucho replied, "Too many birthdays."
this may be the funniest joke ever posted here. ironic.
There it is.......I knew there was a joke in there somewhere!
You son of a bitch, take my upvote, my downvote and my upvote again.

You win this time.
Took me way too long, but now you've got me googling if he actually died.
Press 'Ctrl+C' and 'Ctrl+V' to pay respects.
[deleted]
I don't get it
Did anyone try Ctrl Z?
I’m poor and can’t do much, but I hope this helps


⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN WAITING FOR THIS YOU SICK SONUVA...
Is this real?
CTRL INSERT 

SHIFT INSERT
Turns out he died while fencing, killed by an errant riposte
One could say he paste away
It's too bad he didn't invent Undo.
F
[removed]
The one time r/jokes is no laughing matter

Thanks for the laughs😂 Larry 😊

Ah fuck never mind it's a joke!
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
He says non-ironically not cutting and pasting a joke. . .
How long have you waited for this day?
I originally clicked to see the punchline, I felt like a guilty asshole for waiting to see the punchline of some guy dying, and final my dumbass got it. That was a rollercoaster of emotions... upvote well earned sir/madam.
This is kind of sweet, a nice tribute.
F
Being self-aware doesn't make reposting okay.
Too soon!
Is this a joke?
Wait What?

RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74

RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74

RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
This is funny. Take my F and my upvote.
This is easily my favourite post on this subreddit of all time
[removed]
I'll come back to give you silver.
He was memorialized in a transparent coffin. Will this be a new fad? Remains to be seen.
Ctrl V!!!!!
I will never forget his advice:

"If you are going to buy a Chevy, buy a small one . . . . because you are going to be pushing it a lot."
How did he paste away?
Let's pray with the most overused word in the Latin alphabet; F 
Just like all the jokes here
Fuck you. I posted a similar joker to this 18 hours ago. A true cock sucker you are
damn it took me awhile to get the punchline
This is the best joke this sub has ever seen.
Has anyone tried Cntrl-Z?
The creator of spellcheck passed awaythismorning..... restaurant in peace!
Im trying to copy-paste some gold but it doesn't work, darn!
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
That’s not a very funny joke at all..
fly high🙏
🙏
r/kokes
I put it in "Top Posts All Time" to see the funniest joke in this sub and now I'm sad
If he's dead how can i still copy and paste?
 RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
This joke is outta control, see...
F
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
RIP Larry Tesler, the UI designer that created Cut, Copy and Paste, died age 74
F
His name was Larry Tesler
⠀⠀⢀⡤⢶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣿⣧⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣤⡄⠀ ⢠⣾⡟⠋⠁⠀⠀⣸⠇⠈⣿⣿⡟⠉⠉⠉⠙⠻⣿⡀ ⢺⣿⡀⠀⠀⢀⡴⠋⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠇ ⠈⠛⠿⠶⠚⠋⣀⣤⣤⣤⣿⣿⣇⣀⣀⣴⡆⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡞⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡏⠉⠛⠻⣿⡀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢰⣿⠟⠉⠙⢿⡟⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⡟⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠈⢿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠙⠷⠶⠶⠶⠿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Press ctrl+v to pay respects.
⠀⠀⢀⡤⢶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣿⣧⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣤⡄⠀ ⢠⣾⡟⠋⠁⠀⠀⣸⠇⠈⣿⣿⡟⠉⠉⠉⠙⠻⣿⡀ ⢺⣿⡀⠀⠀⢀⡴⠋⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠇ ⠈⠛⠿⠶⠚⠋⣀⣤⣤⣤⣿⣿⣇⣀⣀⣴⡆⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡞⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡏⠉⠛⠻⣿⡀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢰⣿⠟⠉⠙⢿⡟⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⡟⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠈⢿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠙⠷⠶⠶⠶⠿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
[removed]
F
F
I don't get it
I thought this was setup of a joke. He got me one more time.
R.I.P., Larry Tesler. Thank you for your devotion and caring hearts!
You know what makes this funnier? 


He himself copied it.
Legends never die. They just ctrl+c then ctrl+v themselves onto humanity. RIP.
Checked calender and it's not 1 april :,(
Brilliant. I look forward to seeing the same post tomorrow.
Press Ctrl+V to pay respects.
He’ll get two identical coffins
F
Is this a repost joke, or did he legitimately found the sub?
I was going to go to the wake afterwards, but the punch line was already out the door.
F
Nice joke
this is the best reddit post i’ve seen in a very long time.
Rest in paste.
Press Ctrl-F to pay respects.
I don't get it
Shit I deadass thought this was a weird joke I couldn’t get. Rest In Peace
I mean fuck dude this post wins the internet today
2nd most up voted on this sub. Good job soldier
His name was Larry Tesler!
Condolence.
F
F
F
F
So I upvote this?
You son of a bitch. Take my upvote, but ask yourself, was it worth it?
I dont want to upvote it, but I'm not sure else how to show support
Took me about 7 seconds.

Well played.
RIP
RIP
This was actually good Lmao
Calm down about the Net Neutrality thing...
Paying additional money to access certain sites will give you a sense of pride and accomplishment.
This is important. Text"resist" to 504-09 and tell your representative you don't want to pay more to access your favorite sites. Resist bot is free. Or you can use this handy guide and send an email or make a phone call:

https://www.usa.gov/elected-officials

Prefilled message email link here: 

https://act.eff.org/action/congress-don-t-sell-the-internet-out
Never forget what it could all become: 

https://i.imgur.com/2OFtIcx.jpg
Gotta upvote before i have to pay fucking chartered to browse reddit.
/u/eacommunityteam
Welp, now Im thoroughly triggered. Time to call every senator.
Just got a quote from the FCC:

>The intent is to provide internet users with a sense of pride and accomplishment for unlocking different websites.

>As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from Verizon, AT&T and other corporations towards milestone rewards before launch. Among other things, we're looking at average per-user credit earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that users have challenges that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via internet usage.

>We appreciate the candid feedback, and the passion the community has put forth around the current topics here on Reddit, our forums and across numerous social media outlets.

>Our team will continue to make changes and monitor community feedback and update everyone as soon and as often as we can.
So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send.

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.
See this punchline and many more for only 7.99 a month!!
I wonder if you would have to pay to use pornhub
Imagine website access lootboxes! Gigabyte down/up lootboxes! Lootboxes for connections to games with lootboxes!

There's going to be a lot of pride and accomplishment going around!
[This](https://i.imgur.com/GQUhwu7.png) is what buying internet looks like in Portugal (where they don't have net neutrality).
 
[*locked insult at OP*] 

For 300 upvotes, you can unlock what I said to OP. 
... pay $4.99 to access the punchline.
Someone gold this man.
I can't believe that this is the most upvoted joke on this entire subreddit.
<Please upgrade to Reddit Gold Package™ to read this comment>
[Comment not visible because you don't own the Comcast Comment bundle]

Fuck off, this one isn't a joke. 
don't know if meta or beta...
[Comment not visible because you don't own the Comcast Comment bundle]
[deleted]
Theoretically, this can happen. But, in practice, what will happen is that big sites will be forced to pay extra for their traffic. No big website would allow ISPs to cut off their customers by putting their site behind a paywall.

Netflix and other big sites got tired of paying ISPs extra for their additional bandwidth. As a result, they spent millions to lobby the government to prevent ISPs from being able to reject huge amount of bandwidth. After they won, big websites can now send as much data as they want for cheap! Literally hundreds of millions saved.

You can see the effect net neutrality have on Netflix's stock prices since 2014 when net neutrality was implemented. They saved a lot of money on internet, and now can have money to make original TV shows to stay ahead of the competition: https://imgur.com/EOycKzC

Net neutrality is a lot like plane luggage neutrality. Imagine if airplane companies cannot reject any luggage, cannot charge extra for oversized luggage, and cannot inspect inside the luggage (as ISPs cannot inspect data packets under net neutrality). The big companies that being in 5 ton luggage will benefit, while the people who being small luggage will get their services slowed because of the struggle the airplane company have to do to process all the oversized luggage of the corporate giants.
I was about to be 5 new levels of triggered before i saw this was in r/jokes
So I'm posting this late but hopefully enough people will see this. 

If you're driving tomorrow/this weekend for the holiday PLEASE consider getting some glass markers and writing on your car Save Net Neutrality (or something like that) and the website to get representative contact info or representative phone number or how to text to get info (text resist to 504-09). A lot of people will be on the road and it is a great way to reach several people in a short time. 

Mahalo! You can make a difference! 
This is not even funny.

It's just reddit beating the great great great grandchild of a dead horse.
This is the first time I've seen one of these jokes and it's already gotten old as shit
I would pay extra to access your comments.
This post was the only one to load super slow when I clicked on it, so I thought the OP was able to somehow make the page itself load super slow as the punchline.
Oh my goodness...  EA an Net Neutrality had a baby.
The highlight of my day was upgrading my Reddit package so I can continue to browse Reddit. Yay me!
I'm sure EA breathed a sigh of relief when the FCC said they would try to repeal Net Neutrality again.
This is beautiful on so many levels...
Will any of this net neutrality stuff impact people outside of the U.S??
This is beyond fucking meta. I'm impressed
Did he just reference the two most topical things in one joke? Good on you 
 “ATTENTION! Your current internet provider has locked this content. For $2.99 you can purchase the ‘response’ DLC an be filled with pride and accomplishment from achieving a response”
YOU TO THE TOP OF JOKES IN 17 HOURS
This is why history is taught at schools. The Russian Revolution included the withdrawel of food from the soviets. This Net Neutrality is the same thing (without the death). These companies are holding information made by people from people. They are stealing what we have made and are reselling it to us. I don't know why this is making sense to people, but i'm fairly certain this is fencing.
Think of a tree of fruit. Everyone can take from it, but no one's greedy and they take what they need. Then, one day, a group of workers come and cut down the tree. After a day, they open a shop that sells fresh fruit.
This is what is happening right now.
This is not a story.
This is not a textbook.
This is the internet. 
A beautiful place that no one knows exactly how it works, but is still safe. With no security checkpoints, locked doors or filters. Where anyone can say anything about anything and be supported by a stranger. 
The doors are being closed, locks sealed, and friendships distanced. Connections lost. Family unseen. News unheard. 
By reading thisvyou are proving that this affects you. You use the internet.
Save it.
I cannot believe this shitpost is top all time of r/jokes
Hey guys this is important!

I’ve got a petition going on at change.org. Heres the link

https://www.change.org/p/bring-back-net-neutrality

This is going to be sent to the House of Reps, the Senate, the FCC, and Trump. So far it only has 375 supporters, would you guys help me out by signing, I want to be able to send it before Congress votes on Net Neutrality!

Thanks in advance!!
this somehow topped v for the best joke on the site, gg!
From the 100k+ upvotes I guess most people gets where it comes from...
Just in case: [EA most downvoted comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/7cff0b/seriously_i_paid_80_to_have_vader_locked/dppum98/)
I don't want to pay extra for visiting sites
Without net neutrality you have to pay $2100 dollars or wait 40 hours to unlock certain sites on the Internet. 
Okay this one is good 😂
Two birds with one stone. [My man!](https://imgur.com/gallery/I0hxJwS)
https://youtu.be/acLW1vFO-2Q?t=3s
wise ass......take my up vote.
Thats a combo! What a master
Slow clap...
Was about to downvote then realized that it was an ea joke.... well played sir
Pure gold right der
Well, browsing reddit today is pretty much fucking useless. It's just everyone spamming the same fucking webpage.
DAE net neutrality?
We're looking at you E.A.!
I think I would have gone with:

> You won't *believe* this joke's punchline! Check it out now for $.99, or $4.99 for 1 month of the best comedy online.
Life will be just like an EA game.
[deleted]
It's pretty rare to come across a post in here that makes me go "damn, I wish I'd thought of that first"
This joke will be billed to your account. 
Lest we forget https://www.battleforthenet.com
So is this the same thing as tv? Where u pay for let’s say a sports package or movie package? But is net neutrality is for connection speed or websites u can visit? 

Here is another way to get the message across. The three (out of five) FCC Commissioners planning to vote *against* Net Neutrality are Ajit Pai, Michael O'Rielly, and Brendan Carr. Here are the links to directly email them:

* [Ajit Pai](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/ajit-pai?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

* [Michael O'Rielly](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/mike-orielly?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

* [Brendan Carr](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/brendan-carr?qt-leadership_tabs=6#qt-leadership_tabs)

This is an easy way to directly get in touch with those who will be casting the votes. Here's a message that will drive the point across. Feel free to edit or to send a completely different one:

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet. Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."
This joke is just not funny anymore
I can't wait to get loot crates for the internet itself!
I know this is a joke, but somehow I still feel the urge to slowly strangle the life out of OP. Maybe the joke just hits a little too close to home lol. Successful troll.
What is this, original, successful, topical content on /r/funny? What is this world coming to?
Damn man. That’s cold. But for a buck more it will be upgraded to chilly. 
Where are Anonymous when we need them!!!?
“The intent is to provide customers with a sense of accomplishment for unlocking different websites we are throttling.”
Couldn't get the joke. I can only read the title, without premium subscription.
When I went to the states I was surprised how much you guys have to pay to cross bridges. I'm sure it's just pure profit by now. 
This is what it's going to be. 
*internal wails of the banshee*

TAKE MY UPVOTE.
I audibly laughed
I have a question is this whole net neutrality thing only for the U.S?
In order to save the internet, one of these 3 men have to change their mind and vote in favor of net neutrality. Tweet at them directly and let them know what you think:
https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC
https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC
https://twitter.com/mikeofcc
Not many people have tweeted at them from what I can see, this might be the best way to make your voice heard.
Also:
https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership Their individual contact information can be found under "Bio".
The three men plan to vote to repeal net neutrality. The two women plan to vote to keep net neutrality.
To defeat the net neutrality repeal, one of those three men has to change their vote. Pass it on!
[deleted]
Think about it for a second.

What happened when EA tried that?

They were lambasted by their consumers and they backed down.

If ISPs tried to do so they'd face the same response, force the government to enforce anti-trust laws that prevent strategic non-competition and you'll have a faster internet that's overwhelmingly better. "Net Neutrality" is only a boon for massive corporations like Facebook and Google.
WHY DO PEOPLE THINK I'M A CONSPIRACY NUT WHEN I MENTION THIS ON SOCIAL MEDIA?! I don't understand.
Ok ok i would like to ask a question, for example IF net neutrality did not won and isp won will it affect downloading files and playing online games like CSGO or something? i just heard of this today and i am living at EU and i also did the “resist” text looks like it cannot be  sent for some reason
Ok this one is *really* good. It's even better since I can access it and not pay for it. Let's keep it that way, shall we.
Here is a White House petition to [save Net Neutrality.](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)

Edit: Please share this link. We can achieve more than 100,000 signatures and show the White House how we care about Net Neutrality. 
if you bot then they are going to see your botted comment and throw it out the window.  just write a concise note using your own words.  don't bot.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

White House Petition to save Net Neutrality^
What Can You Do To Help Net Neutrality?

1. Sign the White House petition:  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality

2. Call your congresspeople! https://callyourrep.co and https://www.house.gov/representatives/find-your-representative

3. Spam their twitter feeds: @AjitPaiFCC, @SteveForbesCEO, @verizon, @comcast, 
  
4. Share this message
I UNDERSTAND THE CONNECTION
NET NEUTRALITY SUCKS. WE NEED TO GET RID OF IT.
If you click on the links that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via internet usage.
My ISP reduced my data cap from 350 GB to 30. 
And I pay the fucking same amount.
Wow I didn’t know about net neutrality but after reading up about what is going on I can say that Ajit Pai is intent on taking away our internet freedom. Or am i wrong? Thoughts?
YOU BETTER SUPPORT NET NUETRALITY OR YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE
reddit history
I don't get it...
This is now the all-time most upvoted post on this sub, congratz!
ISP's now dole out bandwidth using loot boxes. I'm hoping I get a Netflix card in my next box, because Hulu doesn't have shit and it makes me look at ads.

Oh fuck I didn't even think about the ads.
How does this work for European users. When net neutrality in the USA is gone, will we still be able to access sites like reddit, or would we have to pay too?
This has been done to death...
I laughed.. do I have to make a payment for that or is that free content?
The only Net Neutrality post I've ever upvoted on reddit. This was actually pretty funny to be honest. The fucking spamming and circlejerking/fear mongering around net neutrality gets REALLY annoying though and I'm so tired of it.
I'm surprised this hasn't been down voted 650k times.
Can I get just one upvote?

EDIT: I got the upvote, no one be a dick and add more, I just want two points for this comment.
This is why I truly despise reddit

You circlejerking dweeby little pussies
that is a bit embrassing...two statements ripped out of context irrelevant to each other mixed up into one big bollock...great comedy...I get it was a joke but how the fuck so many people find it funny?

the EA statement said that the grind gives you sense of accomplishment...not the microtransactions ffs
I wonder if Xfinity will charge me more for torrent data as I am downloading all of my favorite NBC shows and Universal movies. 
O this news site just wrote a scathing article about us well have fun trying to read it....
EA would like a word...
I for one was happy I didn't have to pay for messages on my flight.
Meta
Double meta score. 
It's like ea runs big Telecom. To unlock the full unrestricted internet spend 14.99 for one loot box that may win you unrestricted bandwidth for the next 24 hours. 
Fuck you!
Too soon lol
This is the first decent topical joke I've seen on here
V
V

*Edit: seems like the ctrl key on my keyboard is not working


I guess this is that 1% non-recycled part of this place.
[deleted]
Just FYI: If your ctrl key is actually broken (no, not you OP. I know you were making a joke), use `shift+insert` to paste and `shift+delete` to cut. Sadly, `ctrl+insert` is copy, so that wouldn't work, but you could cut and paste, which leaves a copy on your clipboard to work with :)
Seems like you've lost ctrl. 
Time till repost: T-10... 9... 8...
Didn't see that one coming. Good job
C
Apparently he's lost all control, but at least he gives a shift.
I'm gonna be mad if someone doesn't repost this tomorrow.
Congratulations you roasted this entire sub in a single character lol
Somebody who gets this, plz explain like I'm 50?
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says, "five beers, please."

Get roasted reddit
*What is Gordon Ramsay's favorite subreddit?
It's fucking r/aww*

FTFY
goddamit this is the best joke on this sub
Don't get
The little efford put into this makes it so genius
X

*[removed]
Did I just witness a unique event?
3 gold for this joke.
Damn, we've hit a goldmine, fellas.
WHY IS THE V UPPERCASE. I DONT DO SHIFT CTRL V
Literally thought this was going to be a vagina joke.
Voilà! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valourous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition! The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous. Verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that it's my very good honour to meet you and you may call me V.
Took me a while
Why is this funny? ELI5
This would be a lot funnier without the second edit.
C

Edit: looks like my ctrl key is broken aswell
Dude your copy paste error awarded you number 3 post of all time on jokes lol
just had to ruin it with that second edit huh?

edit: WOW THANKS FOR THE UPVOTES GUYS

edit 2: WOW MY MOST UPVOTED LEBBIT COMENT IS ABOUT UPVOTES XDD

edit 3: wOw tHnK s 4 the GOLD KIND stranger!!!!11

edit 4: RIPINBUX

edit 5: I'M REDDIT FAMOUS THX XD
so you've lost control?
And yet, this is ironically the funniest thing I've ever seen in this sub. 😭
Seems the mods delete button isn't working either
The shortest title to ever achieve frontpage
This has been the most meta joke I've seen to date
All-time top of /r/jokes here we go
adds comment before the section becomes obsolete 
V
Your second edit completely kills the joke. Nobody cares.  


Edit: problem solved <3 good post
WE DON'T TALK ABOUT THE CLUB.  PLEASE REDACT THE EDIT
[deleted]
You totally lost control!
I find your lack of ctrl disturbing...
[deleted]
You're out of control.
It took me a minute.  This is probably the first original joke this sub has seen in a while 
For once we have an original joke and then it is about reposts.
This joke is out of Ctrl.
V

*Edit: seems like the ctrl key on my keyboard is not working 

*Edit: seems like the ctrl key on my keyboard is working
 
It took me 13 days to realize that this is a meta post referencing reposts. 

Good job, mate.
I donn't get it
*sees top rated*
I want it die now
This might be the funniest post this sub has had in a while.
The first non-recycled joke I've seen here in so long.

You inspire me!
I don't get this joke or how V got 93, 000 upvotes?

Don't wanna be that guy but someone please explain...

Nevermind... hahaha. It's making fun of copy pasta right?
Sorted the sub by all time top posts. Totally worth it.
C
C

C

Dammit ctrl button won't work. Can't copy this joke
I hate everyone who upvoted this.
This shitty post is going to get to the front page, and it's going to make me angry at Reddit. I guarantee it. 
For Vendetta
This is the most Reddit thing I've ever seen
YOU FUCKING CREATIVE CUNT.

can't upvote enough.
Someone explain? Confused asf. 
this is getting out of control har har ahr
>and made me realize that there is an elite club for users who have reached the front page of /r/all

That was secret, reddit fbi on their way to your house good luck
You sure you're not meaning to hit ⌘+V?
There's like forty or fifty "elite" clubs haha
Get in loser, we're compensating for real life.
/r/awardspeechedits 

Come on.
At first I thought this was just one of those posts that make it to the front page for no reason 
> an elite club for users who have reached the front page of /r/all

*shush*
I don't get it.

*forever the asshole*
Downvote for self important edits
The irony when someone reposts this
wow great post dude xDDDDD SO FUNNI
Seems the Shift key works just fine though...
He got 2 gold for V?!?
Woosh. Wow that took me WAY too long to figure out. 
Vagina 0_o
C

I made this.
Don't worry about it, Shi(f)t Happens
V. As in this joke will be reposted V more times today

He's trying to copy and paste but couldn't, that's not the joke. The joke is that this whole subreddit is copy/paste. 
Such a deep joke in so few characters
Took me a minute but that's the best thing in a good long while
I applaud your originality. 
V has come to
Now this is some good content
I'm not afraid to say I upvoted. Posts like this are what makes Reddit great. 
sooooo what does ctrl+shift+v do?
paste!   lololololololololol

It's funny because I use Command + V
The repostability of this joke is V. 
Yet, if I had come up with this exact joke, word for word, I would have been downvoted into hell.
Catarl? Wtf is catarl?
Ah, good ol' 01010110
Can someone please explain to non technical me?
Looks like he's out of control.
Ah no. 2571, good choice
really ? people voted this ? wow .. unsubbing
He real question is: what joke was OP trying to paste when ctrl didnt work?
So this is what its like to be on the outside looking in.

feelsbadman 
...Has come too
Y




Y


Do it again
RemindMe! 2 months

I'll be ready.
I dont understand please explain to my stupid ass
... I don't get it
all you fucks forget this joke so i can post it again tomorrow
I dont get it. Can someone plz explain.
Commenting just to tell me kids that I was here.
I may or may not have written out like 500 words on why this was so stupid and then the punchline hit me. I'm an idiot and this is a repost.. or, rather, it will be in about -5hrs59mins
Can someone explain to me please 
Such meta, so wow.

ONE THOUSANDTH COMMENT!!!
Omg this is brilliant. It took me way too long to get this joke. 
Part of me hates that this joke is so funny
I am so /r/outoftheloop
OP cannot control her V. 

OP, please PM me your digits. 
Somebody help I don't get it
Why do people in /r/jokes complain so much about reposting? Aren't all jokes technically "reposts" by definition?
I'm really upset with myself. I had to go through the comments to find the explanation. Once I understood the joke, I thought it was very tasteful (I'm new to Reddit). However, I didnt laugh. Which is upsetting beause I believe this is a well constructed joke. I'd upvote twice if I could but unfortunately I lack powers of a supreme being, deity, or mod. 
Wow this joke could be anything.

This took my longer to get than It should have
Where is the u/jokeexplainbot when you need it
Am I stupid if I don't get it?
Speaking of which I just found my school keyboard like this 
http://imgur.com/a/K4NvW
5 gold for two keystrokes. Best ratio ever.
The fact that he actually edited makes it even better.
:Slowclap:
the real tragedy here is that this has 84K upvotes and 5 gilds.
Nah, you're obviously pressing Shift. Just try the button one row down. 
How did you copy your joke so ? :D
5 GOLD FOR THIS SHIT
This is about to pass the top post on r/jokes

Wow 90K+ upvotes *and* 5 gold in 5 days...impressive
When he actually tried to copy a joke and this wasn't his intent.
I...I don't get it...
Truly godlike.
V
Aaaaaaaand it's the most uovoyef jokes of all time
Ironically, this is only joke here that was not copied.
But if you use ctrl v you must have used ctrl c 
V has come to
You know what.. GG
If your surprised that Jeffrey Epstein commited suicide this morning
Imagine how surprised he must have been.

Edit: Thank you to the Redditors that awarded this post. To everybody else I’m sorry I typed your instead of you’re.
At least the child rape evidence hasn't been destroyed.

Documents, photographs, fingering princes.
imagine how shocked we are all gonna be when all documents and evidence related to his case also commits suicide in a day or two.
Are you telling me he didn’t actually shoot himself in the head 20 times with his toothbrush?
My username is finally relevant.
Wow, this post is how I learned he died.
Don't you think making fun of someone's suicide is pretty juvenile?

Although, pretty juveniles were the reason he was in this mess to begin with.
Fell down an elevator shaft, onto some bullets.
Upgraded from peado to swinger
Yeah, there is no way he was ever going to trial.  There would have been too much testimony implicating too many very rich and politically connected men. The suicide watch he was on meant "someone needs to watch him to make sure he commits suicide"
Hush hush, everything about this is normal and mundane!
Tomorrow: Reddit has mysteriously closed permanently.
Found in Epstein’s cell were 500 sleeping pills, a rope tied in the shape of a noose, a pistol with one bullet, a pack of razor blades, a vial of cyanide capsules and a firing squad. Officials are at a loss to explain how these items came to be in Epstein’s possession.
Came onto r/jokes for an epstien joke and you don't disappoint.
"Hey, here's a bunch of billionaires I pimped kids to!"

&#x200B;

\*Commits "suicide"\*
https://twitter.com/swearsayer/status/1160176212699996161?s=20
"Damnedest thing, sir, we found that he had committed suicide by tying himself up and shooting himself TWICE in the back of the head...after torturing himself. "
so, a joke from the soviet union: do you know what the last thing Vladimir Mayakovsky said before he commited suicide?  
"please comrades, dont kill me!"
I don't think he was surprised. He probably knew he would get suicided.
He shoulda played less violent video games ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I'm not a conspiracy theorist but for fucks sake.
I used to watch house of cards and think it was far fetched but it's really not
He WAS in federal custody. 

The MCC (Manhattan Corrections Center) is a facility ran by the Department of Justice, not the State of NY.

Let me repeat that.

HE WAS ON SUICIDE WATCH IN THE SAME JAIL THAT HELD EL CHAPO, AND HE SOMEHOW STILL "HUNG" HIMSELF.

This fucking stinks to high heaven...
Fact of the matter is everyone knows what happened and nothing will ever be done.
*You're. Seriously, kids need to spend more time in school and less time fucking billionaires

Edit: Thankyou for the meaningless fake internet points medal
Someone please explain I genuinely don’t get it
In Soviet America, witnesses kill themselves.
/r/conspiracy called this one weeks ago.

There's no way that guy was going to trial.

Yet another rich guy that dies mysteriously after getting busted. He's probably sitting on an island somewhere now.
Shocking
Prince Andrew sends his regards
No rope,  no stab wounds, just marks around the neck- with what object?  No one watching his “suicide watch”; many powerful list of  ex- clients hoping this would happen.  And it did.  What a coincidence!  Wont know about it for years to come.  

Now back to news.  Today at a shopping mall, a crazed gunman...
Here's the original tweet, for those interested:

https://twitter.com/swearsayer/status/1160176212699996161?s=09
[deleted]
He is somewhere in Brazil. New name, new look.
Man I'm still too fucking pissed to laugh at this. But I recognize art when I see it...
[deleted]
he committed suicide by drowning himself in borscht after shooting himself 12 times in the back.
Put this in r/toosoon. That sub is gonna be fun today

edit: whoa its quarantined? wtf?
"suicide"
Can we see pictures of the body? This is so fishy i wouldn’t be surprised they fake a suicide and this dude  hides in some island somewhere. 500M can get you access to some pretty insane plastic surgery.
you’re*
So I'm wondering all those rich friends he has help with the underage girls, makes me wonder if they killed him off to prevent further investigation.
Bill Clinton sends his thots and players
Why aren't media outlets putting "suicide" in quotation marks?
Get fucking real.
"And now they're just more naked about it. They say, this is what we're doing to you folks."- George Carlin
*you’re
Yeah you better be sorry.
your edit made me laugh

i remember when i wrote" alot" in a post and one guy wrote en essay on how its "a lot" ... gotta love this site.
First decent thing he's ever done.
Absolutely no news of Ghislaine Maxwell and her reaction to this. Heck, no one is even reporting where she is. Her Mossad agent father "fell" overboard his yacht named after her in a similar manner that Epstein "hung" himself. She has to be next on the list.
He wasn’t surprised.  When you’re trapped and have dirt on the rich then you’re a dead man walking.
This was on Twitter
Very cool joke you stole
you’re*
This is Norm level joke.Well played
Never mess with the Clintons.
\*\*you're
You’re!!!
"You're"
You're
He probably wasnt that surprised... he must have known he would end up conveniently dead by "suicide" and that it was just a question of when
You're*
You stole this joke
You used 'your' instead of 'ur', please use proper Anglish.
Hey op if you edited to add the comment at the end why didn’t you just fix the grammar mistake?
You copied this joke almost word for word from John McAfee. He posted it an hour before you did on his [twitter](https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/1160204761045463040?s=21) account

Is your name Carlos Mencia?
[deleted]
Sources say he committed suicide by stabbing himself in the back multiple times and then kicking his skull in.
Lol twitter right now fucking around lol. 

https://i.imgur.com/ZIGgvgj.jpg
Let me guess, he shot himself in the back of the head 6 times?
the 4th top post on this sub uses the wrong "your" lol
Ah, another Clinton "suicide."
This joke holds weight.
Nobody will miss him
Everybody knew he was going to get capped. When you have super powers involved like prince Andrew and Bill Clinton on the list, no matter the extent of their implication... It really doesn't matter who the other hundred names are, ex-presidents, corporate billionaires and princes are more powerful than any mob bosses and have people looking out for them whether they know about it or not.
I thought he’d be on suicide watch after the first attempt. 
Oh well, probably best for all concerned.
Good one.
Made me chuckle. Take my upvote you rascal.
*you're
Not even going to credit the tweet you stole this from?
Nice stolen joke
https://twitter.com/swearsayer/status/1160176212699996161?s=19
Op is quick damn
Literally stole this from John Mcafee
*you're
A new Navy recruit has his first day on the submarine...
He speaks with the officer, who assigns him his post.

"Go stand at the periscope entry-way, and make sure no unauthorized personnel touch the periscope."

The recruit follows orders, and stands by the periscope. After 15 minutes, the officer stops by.

"Son I'm changing your post to the mess hall. Go in there and start washing some dishes."

The recruit obeys, and heads to the mess hall. He's cleaned about 3 dishes when the officer walks up again.

"Listen here recruit, your new post is in the supply room. I need you to make sure everything is strapped down tight, in case of rough waters."

The recruit again follows orders, and heads off to the supply room. There, he sees a crewman, moving some boxes.

"Hey there," says the recruit. "is it normal to keep getting reassigned to new posts all day? I haven't kept one position for more than 15 minutes!"

The crewman says "Oh yeah- this sub is full of reposts." 
That was G E N I U S. 
Radio message on a ship: Help! We're sinking. 

German coastguard: wot are you sinking about?
Post and repost were on a boat, post fell off, who was left?
Why are reposts always upvoted more than original jokes?

-

Because you need to tell it to a redditor multiple times for them to get it.
Here for a navy joke to tell my friend who's from the navy. Guess the joke is on me.
[deleted]
You had me all the way to the end. You’ve earned this upvote. 
Can't wait for this to be reposted in 3 weeks to get guilded to someone else.

Great joke btw. Take your upvote, OC.
Take your fucking upvote and GET THE FUCK OUT!
No wonder this genius has 4 gold.
This joke is very SUBstantial. Lots of depth and charge. Way to breach the surface of this topic.
The post has become self aware 0.0
*Seinfeld theme*
Groannnnnn.

Is there a place for Dad jokes? :)
https://imgur.com/a/DjgyZ0r
Well. Fucking. Played.
remeber that the surface ships call the submariners bubble heads and thr submariners call surface ships targets. all us other branches reder to them as squids.  
   Yes the bubble heads are definitely a different breed and this joke was on point.  A newbie, new recruit, first time stationed on a sub is all the same in my book.  They go through a ton of shit to get there and once they are there it is all thrown away and they stary fresh and have to prove themselves.  I totally get it. A submariners life is no joke and you have to have a lot of trust in your shipmates.  I think that the compression and decompression fucks with thier heads a bit but I still enjoy working with them for the past 12yrs.  I will definitely pass this along to all of them i see.  I know quite a few will get a kick out of this...
I came here wondering how a joke could have 8 gold. I see why. Bravo.
Ugh. Been serving on subs for over 10 years now. The inaccuracies of sub life made me cringe. Still though. Have your upvote!
Hello from 118 days in the future
You win.
gonna copy paste that to repost it after 2 weeks

&#x200B;
Damn I can’t wait to post this next week!
Well surprised, nice reddit joke 
This joke's a sinker.
Somebody give this man a platinum
The irony is this will be reposted over and over.
This is genius on a level I’m not sure I’m even capable of. 
Well you win reddit today
I was waiting for a cool submarine pun, but this is way better!
You clever shithead
I can’t wait to repost this. It’ll be Ironic and relevant, I might even get gold. 
Slow clap clap clap     clap               clap                      clap
Has Reddit meta gone too far?
Downvote because the joke has no value outside of Reddit.  Can't share it with my non Redditer Navy veteran co-worker because he wouldn't get it.
My neighbor is a Navy vet and I like to send him jokes from time to time. I read this and got kinda excited. Then got to the end. Great joke tho
It's my turn to post it next week

As a loyal Redditor, I'm going to repost this in a year...
Where the fuck is your plat? If I wasnt broke I'd give it to you myself
I have to post this one,cuz it's something to write home about.
Fuck that’s an amazing joke.
This is 5 stars
3 years later still amazing
How do German teenagers get from ‘fear’ to ‘sex’?
Funf.
You need to be punched
Daaaaam
Upvoted because I grinned. 
I normally don't read the long jokes. I'm so glad this one caught my attention.
This counts as long these days?
I vow not to repost this
* Shakes head and grimaces*

Walked right into it
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, snap. *runs away hand over mouth*
Props on making me laugh and my coworkers look at me oddly.
Wow
Can’t wait until this is reposted
Rube Goldberg jokes are my favorite
I've seen this joke at least 12 times today.


















Maybe I should stop re-reading this post.
Fun fact: submarines dont experience rough seas when below the water
My god that was amazing
Genius my man , just fucking genius
That punchline though... GENIUS

This can actually happen in a submarine. My uncle told me that when he first joined the Navy, he was reassigned a lot.
Now we wait for this to be reposted
This will be much more funny the third time it's posted here
Amazing. 
USS Reddit
Great Joke! Too bad I can’t use it in a social setting! 
lol le WHACKY! internet humour!
You son of a bitch
"Gilded 6 times? This is either an amazing joke or some lame meta circlejerk".

Well, guess which one.  
You should have a fucking planet named after you OP
Meta is good
easiest karma of his life
That was insane. Congrats.
time to repost this
10/10 for not having the punchline center around seamen
Thought it's leading to hiding in a barrel with a hole drilled out the bottom. 
Damn it. I was hoping for a good Navy joke I could tell my military friends; instead it's just a fucking nerd joke.
I have never seen a post on jokes getting over 80k. This has to be first!
u/bion93
u/bigbirdhotsauce
Fun fact, it is very uncommon for a submarine to hit “rough waters” when submerged, many describe the experience as if the submarine isn’t even moving.
#oh hell naw!#
I wonder if this is a repost
[deleted]
Wall of text? Yep


Ling complex story? Yep


Scroll down to find a word pun unrelated to te story? Yep

A classic pattern... the only one who gets me is shittymorph and im proud of that
This is a repost
Must. . . Not. . . Offer. . . Unsolicited. . . Correction. . . To. . . Innocuous. . . Joke. . .

it's a galley, not a mess hall.



I'm so sorry.
[deleted]
I hate jokes that you can't tell non-Reddit users.
They had us in the first half not gonna lie

I can’t wait to start seeing this post thrice a day for the next week 
Aristotle back from the grave I see. 
These jokes are so clever yet so annoying because I feel like I could come up with them but I can’t!
The joke is self-aware guys
Tomorrow I'll repost this. 
This joke came back to make me laugh
OP, this is /r/jokes, not /r/murderedbywords.
Clever little bastard, aren't you? 
I'll save this and repost it in a few months just to see what happens.
The irony is that this too is a repost.
One of the best jokes on here well done!!!!
This is great. 
Finally a good joke!
Sick meta joke lol
so how many days do we wait till we repost this?
Great joke
Bhan chode. Take this up vote.
This is gold 
Can't wait to see this tommorow, or maybe this is a repost. Who knows anymore.
Very funny 
Ironic
This is the best ever joke I ever read, anywhere. This is pure Gold. 
Well done
And the officer’s name? ... Albert Einstein. 
I love long jokes where i can just read the punchline and get the general idea. 
Well, if that's what passes for OC in this sub, I'll tolerate reposts.

Naw, just frakin' with you. Funny joke!
This is bullshit, there is not enough complaining from the recruit.
BOOOOOOURRNNSS!!
I haven’t felt and angry but laughed at the same time in a while. Congratulations.
I knew something was off.

Now I understand that any joke with submarine or navy peeps will be about the subreddit itself
post this to r/navy! You need to, that is an order recruit 
I think the expression is, “boo-hiss.”
LOL.
Hell yeah.
Oh boy i literally screamed
Holy shit 
Encore!
please shoot me now....
Even in a large sub with so much ocean around it, there's only so many relevant posts that can be assigned 
r/unexpected
As a former sailor, I'd be happy to give you a hand with the jargon in case you, you know, repost this. Well done!
Haha brilliant, every Reddit sub these days....
You magnificent bastard! Take your upvote! 
Repost for M E T A
Brilliant!
This one actually had me laughing rollin
You sneaky bastard!
Submarine joke? That's low humor.
Alright, alright. You win the Internet. Congratulations.
Ugh. A reddit joke
**AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA**
I hate you and everything you stand for.
What a G E N I U S move.
Jesus Christ it's some good oc. I think I might faint
These jokes are more clever than funny..
give it a few more hours and we're gonna have this reposted 
Is this also a repost?
Holy. Shit. 
FUUUUUUUCK
slow clap
Ha
In 100 years, nobody is going to understand this shit except for the poor future historian pouring over shitty memes for their thesis on why society fell *before* the great spider wars and not due to it. 
We've peaked
Now listen here you little shit
Top kek
this is a well deserved gold you have there, 

so deserved it was reposted two times already
I see what you did there
Cut to me trying to tell the joke out loud later "...this submarine is full of reposts! wait - I meant sub... do you know reddit?"
Wow new content in this sub which is actually funny. Wow
I like this joke so much; it's covered in seamen. 
Not to be that guy but... if he's on a sub he's not a recruit 
I see what you did there
https://i.imgur.com/JSBTl.gifv
What sort of 4th wall break is this???
This joke's a sinker.
Imma repost this.
Nice!
Read this with a straight face 
I jumped right to the end expecting to see a pun on "seamen". Fortunately the punchline held up without the leading context.
Oh fuck you got me
This deserves way more attention!
I swear I slowly smiled like the Grinch.
Any joke on this sub about reposts I fully expect to be reposts. 
OH MY GOD.
Whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the Cabal on Mars. So let's get to taking out their command, one by one. Valus Ta'aurc. From what I can gather he commands the Siege Dancers from an Imperial Land Tank outside of Rubicon. He's well protected, but with the right team, we can punch through those defenses, take this beast out, and break their grip on Freehold.
That fuckin delivery! 
Did not see that coming 
Bravo!
GOD DAMMIT
*Slow clap*
r/murderedbywords
Too true
Bravo!
I can't wait to see this joke make it to the front page 9 times this month
The post has become self aware 0.0
For a minute I thought I was in r/navy
The joke's on ALL OF YA!

Gotta repost this to become one of you.
meh, not impressed
Why is average intelligence higher in reddit posts than other places? 
Nice a fresh take on an oldie. Cheers op!
Wow that's clever af!
Holy shit
Is the name of the sub the u.s.s jokes?
To be surprised like that. I almost shit my mouth.
Well played. I can't even steal this joke to recoup my street cred.
Well done sir!
Heeeeeeeeeey thats good, can I use it?
Lemme repost this to /r/navy
Give this joke an award.
Goddamit sir just take my upvote lol
Can I make a
Best reddit Joke EVER.

&#x200B;
What did the reddit user say after detonating a bomb inside a bank?
EDIT: Wow! This blew up! Thanks for the gold!
You forgot to thank the kind strangers.
*looks at scattered corpses* "Thank you kind strangers!"
Someone give em gold. Let those after us be completely confused.
Prediction: This will get gold.
You did it, you actually did it, you son of a bitch.

Edit: omfg first silver! Thank you kind stranger!!
Edit 2: This is the best day of my life. Better than the day I had my kid and got promoted to CEO and won the lottery
<< that's not mine, or was a repost from an other sub >>
I swear I’ve seen this exact joke before guilded to shit. What a whore you are, OP
[deleted]
/r/Awardspeechedits
Honestly, when things blow up, there are 2 rules. Do not look at the explosion. It makes your uncool. Do not edit your viral comment. It makes you look uncool.
Edit: thanks for the gold kinda stranger I didn’t expect this post to blow up! My life started growing up in a small farm in northern Kansas. My father was a farmer and my mother was a cashier in our local town down the dirt road. We didn’t have much and income was very little, my best toy I got growing up was a pig bladder blown up like a balloon that I could play around with between me and my two brothers. At the age of 11 things started getting tougher in my house life due to my fathers drinking problem as it was not a good harvest that year. Like his father before him once he was done working he would come home and drink but unlike his father he wouldn’t beat us unless we messed up, his father left him and his mother to fend for themselves after world war 2 though so he had it tougher than me growing up. One time my father did drink too much and he hit my little brother Jamey. Jamey didn’t know what to do and ran away during the night during a storm. The entire family was out looking for him but we never saw Jamey again. This made my father drink more and lead him to take his life when I was at the age of 16. My older brother and me had to completely take over the farm with the help of our mom quitting her job as a cashier, life got very hard from here on out. We got a break when I was 18 with a good harvest we were able to save up some money. I was able to move out at the age of 21 and into a larger city in Tennessee. It was hard leaving the family as my ma was getting older but my older brother completely took over the farm and even expanded it into a more profitable work. I began working in what I was good at, repairing mechanics. I was a hard worker and moved up in my chain of work easily within my town. I dated aroun’ a bit but never settled down with anyone I would write home about for my first few years. When I was 26 I got a call from my ma, my brother was working with some machinery on the farm and got his hand caught in it and heavily damaged. I had to come home and help with the farm, at the time I had attained a high position as a senior mechanic within an auto shop and sometimes worked on the side with repairing electronics. I went home and had to help with the farm for a year, ma wasn’t doing good at all. She passed the next year due to kidney disease. My brother eventually recovered and I returned to Tennessee, I attempted to return to my position but due to the time I was out I had been long replaced. I had to begin to work from the bottom again when I had a client come in, she was the most beautiful woman I ever seen in Tennessee with gorgeous brown hair. Nice to say that we hit it off pretty well, within a few weeks we were dating. I can say that she was one of the best things to have happened to me in my life. At the age of 30 I married her and my first child was on the way then. I had returned to my previous position and bought a nice house near the mountains of Tennessee. At the age of 34 my second child was born. My two kids are now both in high school, one a freshman, another a Senior. I continued my career into more electronics working on computers and fixing them. In 2013 while googling how to fix a small problem with a motherboard I found a strange site named reddit.com, this website had all the answers I needed and a community always ready to help. I’ve been on the site ever since. As you can see recently, I commented on this thread and some kind stranger gave me gold. Thank you again kind stranger!
Good one
The best kind of jokes are about the users of the site it's posted on. Good one lmao
I can’t believe how many people are enjoying this post. I searched the punchline in this sub and looked through the results: this has been done at least 11 times in this sub just in the last 6 months (mostly with Fort Knox instead of a bank). Who knows where else it’s been posted
nice repost
The Fort Knox version is better
Can we be friends?
Jesus, how many banks has reddit blown up?
Did all the first responders run in and yell "REPOST!"
[removed]
The meta joke is always in the calm mints
https://i.redd.it/b4gypbjp2oo31.jpg
I can't believe they'd leave the platinum
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
I can’t believe a mod didn’t delete this thing.
You just robbed my upvote.
If Reddit user :- redditor.


Then

Is youtube user :- Youtuber?
Repost
https://i.redd.it/w21agn1uw6n31.png
The title of the post right under this for me is “Boom bitch, I’m a goat!”
Okay but what did they say?
“Wow this means a lot to me”
(Sniffles loudly)
Well, I haven't read all the comments, but I think a Reddit user might say....
I also choose your wife and, because I have broken arms, I can't use the poop knife, or eat the Jolly Ranchers.
*Yes yes oh god yes !!*
Wow that was cringe
How did it blow up if you can’t get it to work, u/cantgetthistowork?
Take my upvote and leave
Meta
Genius.
This is rich
r/awardspeechedits wants to know your location
Shut up and take my upvote.
I exhaled through my nose very loudly

thank u
TIFU by detonating a bomb inside a sperm bank thinking it was a regular bank
Username doesn't check out.
Damn, I’m late to the party.
oh  
my  
god  
We've been tricked, we've been backstabbed, and we've absolutely fucking bamboozled.
wow there where even diamonds in the bank!
This is the best joke i've ever fucking heard.
How the *actual fuck* did this repost get as much karma in one go as I have ever scored on Reddit?
Best r/Jokes post I’ve ever seen
I didn’t get it at first, I thought you just deleted the joke for the edit
Know this is a bit old, but happy cake day m8!
Fuck you and the upvote I gave you.
Congrats on stealing someone else's joke and getting a ton of awards for it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/cwi8w4/what_did_the_robber_say_after_detonating_a_bomb/
That goodness this post is deemed to be safe.
Ugh, I hate that so much.  "Wow this blew up" = instant downvote.
This is the best reddit ever.
You're breathtaking Reddit.
Ok, this is good.
Nice.
I really want to downvote this but it's too true
This is the best reddit-related joke I've ever read on here
Gold.
Officer, this joke right here!
Sitting to pee. 

Am man
The reddit user said "Tonya Trostel is a runner, a wife and a survivor. While giving birth to her third child, Tonya suffered from placenta accreta and lost 11 units of blood, as much as the human body holds. Now she's raising awareness of this rare complication for others."
I was confused for a moment because I thought there was no punchline, it was just a standard award speech edit.
r/dadjokes
Wooooowwwww. 

I'm not even mad.
This seems like a better way to ask for gold than whoring yourself out on cake day and im ok with it
'Oro' you kidding me, pendejo
[Popping the cherry](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Q8ioXpU)
Yeahhhhhhh boyyyyyy
I read it
Imagine if you didn't get any gold with this joke..
I heard his name was Linoleum Blownapart.
Why bank?
Boom goes the dynamite
The fact that this didn't make me laugh makes me wonder if I have a soul

or maybe I'm just tired
And what did the comments say? 
"Fuck you! This doesn't even belong in r/jokes! You fucking piece of shit asshole!!!"
They said "the robbery was good, but reddit still sucks".

🎩
What's the answer? Am I looking in the comments?
That's gold.
F
Followed shortly by; AITA for robbing a bank and potentially ruining some workers lives?
i think it only works if someone robbed the same bank the day before
Can I have some soy and free money please
Need to try harder to break the bank of New York.
What a creative and hilarious repost! Exquisite!
But.... Where is the punch line? Did you take it out when you editted the OP? /s
Pfft, very well executed
Sounds like a batman villain.
Actually quite good
Sweet sweet loot
[deleted]
bazinga!
Finally, gold.
They edited their comment 18 times thanking all the “kind strangers”.
Thank you for reminding us it's been a month
Took me a while.
gg
Nice
Got this to work! *Wink*
Got my first gold today and had to resist the usual “thanks for the gold, kind stranger”.
flawless execution
"Clever Girl."
Well this post blew up really quickly
Most banks don't have gold.
Free gold
Edit 3: My most upvoted violent crime is me robbing a bank!? LOL I LOVE THIS SITE. RIP INBOX

Edit 4: Happy cake day! I know that me saying this sounds stupid as fuck because it’s literally the day you and thousands of others signed up on this site. Reddit is the only site with this stupid feature, by the way. Honestly this “Reddit tradition” is annoying and serves no purpose other than to let karma whores like me get internet points and clog up comment sections. Also, it enables people to make godawful, low quality, shitposts on subs like r/Meirl to get free karma. Like, honestly, the developers could get rid of “cake day” in the next update and nothing of value would be lost, shit, it’d make the site better. Like seriously, I don’t mind birthday posts, but you’re literally trying to get free karma because it’s the day you created your account. Now give me upvotes please.

Edit 5: SAVE HONG KONG AND SAVE THE TURTLES. 

Edit 6: We live in a society
Wow u beautiful bastard
#QUICK OP HOP ON THIS HERE GOLD TRAIN TO GET AWAY
This is amazing
This is brilliant
What the fuck is this thread even about?
AITA?
Nice.
This was fuckin great. Thanks.
Nice
Nice.
This is perfect on so many levels even tho it’s predictable. I cannot omg.
Shockedpikachu.jpg
 Cheeky bastard
Thanks for the gold
Honestly, excellent joke. One of the best meta jokes I’ve seen in years
42 69
I’d it gold all the way down?
I get this reference
Put me in the screenshot.
God damnit Kira, not again
After trying to defuse a bomb you mean. Why would a reddit user detonate a bomb in the bank?
KIRA QUEEN BITE ZA DASTO!!!
You sneaky butthole!
“Man. Idk why I’m getting so many downvotes”
Sike!!!
This is figuratively a gold mine. Very medal. Very medal indeed.
We'll get this one right Reddit.
The gold was right in front of our eyes the whole time! So easy
When he's shot by the police and put in a casket he'll...

... RIP in box.
This^
"Sources inside the White House say it was Trump who did it not me".
“I like to bang for money”
"Wow, my first jail time ever is a bomb attack!"
"I'll post what I found in the vault when I get home."
Why the bank and not the trade center?
Nice
You magnificent bastard!
Question: when you edit, does it type in edit without you actually typing it in?
UwU
shit bois looks like gold IS on the table!
Dont forget the
"Edit: Wow who would have thought my post about "fill in blank" would be the one to get me my first gold"
Happy spooktober. I'm a ghost now.
Oh no, not again.
Nice.
uh i dunno, "gimme all your gold"
Then later on it’s 

Edit: Thanks for the platinum!
Well I dont know what I expected.
Nothing he was in the bank
I'm gonna give you an angry upvote!
This is the best on yet.
Sad to see people wasted gold and plat on a repost that took no effort.
Welcome to the watch list, my friend.
is it that easy? *blows up* it’s that easy.
/r/Awardspeechedits
AITA?
Titties
Was there platinum in the bank?
This is genius
Oh fuckin hilarious!
My first legit LOL from this sub. Kudos!
inb4 he thanks the kind strangers
Ight... take my upvote and make your getaway.
Stolen
Ah... I think I am getting Reddit now. I smiled, you got medals. Win win situation.
Yes, I saw this on r/lounge too lol
Someone please give me gold too
Makes terrorist joke, gets gilded multiple times. 

I'm onto you, reddit
how this did better than the original joke ive no idea
/r/angryupvote
...Did you edit out the punch line?
Oooooooooh. Hahaha it just clicked. I a dumb.
Lol
Not sure why but I expected a r/woosh punchline
Nice.
Only for gilding, now deposit my coins!!
Nice
Is it my turn to repost this?
I like that it works with and without the edit
I  was gonna say something along the lines of “Cringe” that’s a reddit users favorite word “Cringe”
This post made me realize how much I fucking hate Reddit.
I seen this joke on here about a month ago.
This was the 2nd time he got caught though and had to REPOST bail
I blew upvote this shit
“The blast knocked me over and broke both my wrists”
I was expecting "We Did It Reddit!"

But well played. Well played.
He was so confident in his joke that he put "Thanks for the gold!" before the awards started to roll in.
This is the first time in at least a year where something from /r/Jokes legitimately made me laugh.   Good one.
I'm actually laughing 😂😂 very rare does Reddit make me laugh. I'm not sure if that's indication of it being funny, or me being childish.
"Nice"
"tifu by being inside a bank when a bomb went off"
We can all relate because we’re Reddit users!
Thanks for the gold kind stranger.
Nice
(Something cursed)

Edit: wow thanks for thanks (metal)
I  feel sorry for the guy who posted this first and got 1 gold.
Hey you! You dropped something!!!
... whats this?
No way!!!
Very good joke!
So this is how it’s done?
Fort Knox would be better; banks are associated with cash.
The fact that you also got silver and platinum makes this *less* funny.
Finds this 9 hours late Gold?
Award speech robberies
Damn, looks like it’s still raining gold from the explosion
What’s the punchline? All you did was thank strangers for gold smh
Edit: Wow thanks for the shiny thing, kind stranger!
Smell that! as I fart
The version posted yesterday was better, but once try at a steal
I have seen this joke many many times before... always the same result
r/thisescalatedquickly
"We did it!"
Wait a minute, shouldn’t banks have medal detectors?
Something something broken arms
Edit:  yes I know someone else blew up the bank before already, ok guys?  Maybe some people didn’t see it.  We haven’t all been religiously watching banks for the last 5 years.
Shoot me
Stop reposting this
What the schnizel?!
The circlejerking circlejerk?? Goddamn.
Junkrat
Pretend this is a good word and give me gold
69.1k upvotes nice
Idk lol
And here I thought it was "Pull my finger"
EDIT: oh wow thanks for the like kind stranger
I'm a liberal transitioning into @&#%$ so I am the true victim. I must be praised for my courage to commit such an act against the establishment.
RIP my police record
Exactly what I said too. How the fuck did this clown get the upvotes?
So what was the answer to the joke?
I hate that this is funny
AITA?
Nice
How did no one think of this yet? It’s pure genius.
U can't dentonate cuz Killer Queen already touched the bomb
after the bomb said /wooosh
YTA.
*tick tick* ***BOOM***
The only two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis who played Gollum.
They're the Tolkien white guys.

Edit: Apparently somebody posted this joke to Twitter in October and that makes me a piece of shit.

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Pretty sure Andy Serkis really is Gollum.
Totally read that as Morgan Freeman the first time. 
Hobbitses?!
**Tolkien** sounds like **token**.
...and Stan Lee
All we need is Doctor Strange to make an appearance and we’ve got Smaug in there also
[deleted]
I have a hard time believing this was not some how involved in the decision making process. 
U forgot stan lee's cameo
I think with 3 billion people on the internet we're approaching a point where two people can independently come up with the same joke.
Your edit is funnier than the joke and I like the joke.
Upvote. Because you definitely are not a piece of shit.

If you hadn’t posted it exactly when you did, I wouldn’t have seen it. I wouldn’t have had a great laugh, and wouldn’t have shared it with my husband who laughed heartily as well. We feel the pathos of your edit. You try to do the right thing, and the Internet just takes a big dump on you because.....well, I don’t know why, really. 

Plus you have 45k upvotes now, so you rock OP!
Did we trade Stan Lee to the black delegation?
OP, I don't think you're a piece of shit! And trust me, I know a piece of shit when I see one! 

Sincerely,
Some Piece of Shit
You don't even have to sort by controversial, in this thread. 
10/10 edit
Maybe they just wanted black people to win the Stan Lee Cup!
Martin Freeman: A hobbit space hitchhiker with a towel who teaches primary school and works as a paper salesman.
Lmao the edit made me laugh more then the joke
Did they also cast the girl who played Precious?
I'm fascinated that Martin Freeman managed to work his way into the MCU proper playing the character "government stooge #3"
I don’t think I ever saw a black actor in the entire lord of the rings trilogy
Bo Burnham made a very similar joke in his song Hell of a Ride. Not trying to say you stole this I just wanted to mention it.
Too dense, gotta rewind it
> Apparently somebody posted this joke to Twitter in October and that makes me a piece of shit.

This is reddit. Just by being OP you're already be a piece of shit.
Bo Burnham:

https://youtu.be/zUn7Yt4yqIY?t=2m36s
...What? Am I the only one that doesn't get it?
Well played 
[deleted]
Is that actually true because if so this joke is even better.
Was not Black Panthers an organized criminal party?
Not many jokes make me groan in appreciation, but this one did.
This made me snort
Serious question: 

I heard from a friend that Wakanda is very xenophobic and racist and changes its ways as the comics progress - is this true or was he bullshitting me? Seems like an interesting concept
Welcome to Reddit where anything you say or do makes you a piece of shit.
Ah yes, I remember when I saw this on Twitter
Fuck Twitter and fuck anyone who thinks you're a piece of shit. You're awesome bro. It's a joke everyone is over/easily offended these days and its repressive. Fuck them. I laughed lol.
Martin Freeman literally told this joke on a talk show. He said that's what all the black actors called them while on set.
Jokes are funnier the 12th time they're posted...
I'm a toking white guy. Where's my movie role?
Wait so a movie about a comic has to be primarially black because diversity wouldn't make sense. But the BBC has to put black people in ancient Britain not to be racist even though its historically innacurate, loving the new double standards
So it's not a very diverse movie
Black Panther, So diverse that its not diverse!
I don’t get the joke
What would get more downvotes, "fuck white people" or "fuck black people"?
Can someone explain
[deleted]
Who is Andy Serkis in BP? I love his work. 
&nbsp;
[deleted]
And funny how reddit doesn't complain about "forced diversity" when it's done in favor of white men.  But if it were the other way around we wouldn't hear the end of it.
[removed]
Das racist!
Bilbo Baggins and Golem are in Black Panther, I've been misled about this movie.
Thought this was r/moviedetails for a good second 
A joke with 3 golds just whooshed me. 
Boooo! *throws golden rings* 
well Wakandas in Africa so of course there’s gonna be more african american actors than white
i think its funny and i don't use twitter so thank you for posting it. 
No worries. Everything here is a repost and the real jokes are in the comments
Lol up vote for the edit!
I've been dying laughing every time I hear this one. 

If living this repost is wrong...I don't wanna be right.
The edit is what got me lol
response to edit:

yup... welcome to reddit
[Bo Burnham](https://youtu.be/zUn7Yt4yqIY) 

Edit: Towards the end of the song, Bo refers to himself as a “Tolkien white guy” after talking about Lord of the Rings 
On behalf of all the people that didn’t see this joke on Twitter, I thank you. 
I bet you didn't wake up thinking you were a piece of shit, but now you know better, thanks to the internet.
Who cares

Makes you a hilarious piece of shit. 
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
SOmeone dumb it down for me I don’t get it :( ugh I feel so stupid 
That edit tho 😂
I just counted 15 white people on the IMDB cast list
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker.

But when I got home, all the signs were there.
who would've thought 1 movie would setup a joke so perfectly.
Hive mind at work.

Some people said Leibniz was a piece of shit and some say Newton was a piece of shit. 

Rest assured though, no one is going to care about the origin of this joke.
By that logic the guy on Twitter stole it from Bo Burnham in a song he made years ago 
isnt stan lee in the movie also
ITT:  Crazy usually right wing lunatics not realizing that most movies rarely have more than two black characters.
Just a couple Tolkien whites
Sean Bean is also in this movie, but his character doesn't last long.
There's like one good joke on this sub every month. This is February's.
All jokes aside it is really nice seeing Mordors being opened for people of color in film.
[deleted]
The joke was good but the edit was hilarious. Fuck those guys.
What?!?! Now I finally have a reason to go see this movie. 

EDIT: *wasn't actually serious*. I was going to watch it anyway. Calm down, reddit. 
Can't even imagine the outcry if it was the exact opposite
I believe this was first stated on October 16 in this thread and picked up every where the next day.

/r/movies/comments/76qcbu/black_panther_poster/dofywaj
You've received gold, my precious.
/slowclap

have an upvote
in this case I wonder why they didnt have a strictly white cast for thor? 
Nasty hobbitses eg
The rest were Orcs. 😬
That is amazing. 
This thread has so much hate, can’t we love instead
Hmmm

The film lacks diversity.

Let me find some backlash, from the same critics who complain about lack of diversity in other films.
Racist movie.

Prettyyy . . . . . . . . pretty, pretty good
Ajit Pai.
That's it. That's the whole fucking joke.

EDIT: Removed edits, people don't like those. [](/rdcry)
That man is a steaming pai of shit.
The united states have become a microtransaction.
Ajit Pai is a [INFORMATION REDACTED BY THE FCC]
"Where you been for the last 20 minutes?" "I was in the bathroom taking Ajit"
The difference between Ajit Pai and a bucket of shit? The bucket
Hold on, I can't see the punchline. 

**swipes card**

Oh haha

Edit: Wow...Thanks guys! And thanks for my first gold!! q_q I'll miss you guys when reddit has to sell out to stay alive
You know what's worse than Ajit Pai?

*To access the punchline to this joke, you must purchase the Punchline Package for $14.99*
I'm afraid the joke's on us folks
What a large piece of human garbage that guy is 
Are you supposed to *cry* at jokes?
We are legit getting irl microtrasactioned now.
Ajit Pai  is the only person on record who has not fucked OPs mom. It was not for a lack of trying, but his dick is so small it was physically impossible to do so. This is why he kill NN. 
[And if this joke wasn't enough for you...](https://youtu.be/LFhT6H6pRWg)
pies I like:
apple
blueberry
key lime

pais I don’t like:
Ajit
I better not see Ajit in a dark alley.  I hate dark alleys and i really hate Ajit so it would just really suck.    
*In order to view this comment, please pay Comcast’s low fee of $19.99 to view comments on Reddit. Thank You,*
I'm not laughing 
Its pretty unfair that he is taking the ENTIRETY of the backlash for this. There are two other pieces of steaming shit at least close to as corrupt as he is. I don't even know their names or their faces. WE should be shitting on all three of them, not equally- Pai still deserves more than the other two- but the other two should at least be feeling some backlash for this. They are still contributing to us getting fucked, they're just safe and sound hiding behind Pai as the scapegoat. They all deserve to get rekt.
**Ajit Pai** is a **joke**.
10,000,000 robux on his head
Here's a prank: everyone he follows on Twitters should block him. 

[The WeRateDogs guy did it today](https://twitter.com/dog_feelings/status/941400864148938753).
Fuck
Ajit Pai more like A shit pile
He has one of the most punchable faces I have ever seen
You spelt cunt wrong 
AKA: Verizon's Bitch
Someone please smack that man in his ridiculous teeth.
Can someone tell me the joke cause I don't want to pay extra for it
Wow this is a new low for low effort jokes. Especially since there is so much to actually make fun of.
Our FCC Chairman? He's a real Pai Ajit.



Edit: +real
And his stupid oversized Reese’s mug
Repost of one of the top jokes of this sub, except with ajit pai instead of trump 
Seriously? I posted this exact same joke 21 days ago only difference is punctuation, bloody hell https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/7f1prt/ajit_pai/

He has such a punchable face 
[This laugh has been removed by Verizon]
More like "A Shit Pie."
What do you mean I have to pay to see the punchline? Fucking Bullshit 
Pronounced: a shit pie. 
I just want to trap this shit pie in a room and play the 7th element by the vitas on a loop until he kills himself
"Ajit has webs, if you have coin."
/r/circlejerk is leaking
Get it?
Get it?
How is Ajit not trolled out of a job? 
[This comment has been deleted by Comcast]
What a fucking lazy post.  You generic dumbasses post the same thing whenever something's bad happens.

e.g. Literally one of the highest voted posts on this sub

>The 2016 Election.  That's it.  That's the whole fucking joke.

Fuck off.
He’s irrational 
https://i.imgur.com/CyrvEXj.jpg 

Indeed, he is...
This isn't even a good shitty joke. It's just bad
He may be a joke, but he was a joke that did something really fucking serious. 
Aijit has the votes if you have the coin.
This joke's on all of us.
So what have we learned?

Right, vote responsibly.

(i'm not from the ¥$ myself)
Don't forget the other two. Potato and douchier Toby Flenderson from the Office.
What’s not funny? Dipshit is now the most hated man in the United States. 
Do I need to pay for the punchline??
Ajit Pai needs to Lajit Dai...
Jokes are meant to be funny though.
Get it?
This joke sucks.

*Whoever wrote it is unoriginal and should be shot in the neck.

**Seriously. Everyone keeps making the same jokes here. Reddit Sucks! This place deserves to die.
While Pai is a huge joke. It's not very funny.
Sing it with me! "Ajit Pai is a shit pie!"
[removed]
Too many fingers in that Pai.
I hope senior fuckhead sees this.
Sorry to hear this news my US friends, so sincerely from the UK:

Ajit Pai is a fucking cunt.

A total punchable cunt.

Really? A shit joke? What're you twelve? 
The reddit hivemind is so childish. 
Can we have someone change the act of taking a shit to "ajit pai" like the gay community did to Rick Santorum?... 
This legitimately belongs on r/shitpost. I get that people are upset about the ruling, but seriously, this isn't clever or funny. It's just ajit-y post.

edit: I guess 70k people thought this was hilarious enough to vote to the front page
Joke behind Soft Paywall
I wish he would have just shut his Pai-hole.... Ajit-head.
Don't like the repeal? [Here's](https://substratum.net) the answer. Join us!
I can't find it in my heart to laugh though...
The funny part is that it took 40 seconds for these comments to load
The joke's on us.
This joke is posted every election or time a political figure does something
Man if you’re gonna rip off the 2016 presidential election post then at least change the description 
Election joke copy 
Goodpai NN
He's Ashit Guy
It's the presidential election all over again. 
Isn't that what they serve at Pizza Hut?
Hahaha lmao haven't seen one like this since yesterday
Well he's laughing all the way to the bank
Achhuuu PAIFADE.Sorry I meant A PIECE OF SHIT WITH A BOX OF TEETH AS HIS HEAD.
LOOK AT HIS FACE AND TELL ME,TOOTH FAIRIES DIDNT THINK HIS TEETH WORTH A DIME SO THEY LEFT IT THERE FOR THE YEARS TO GROW.
Sorry for all caps.

The little "victory dance" video he just put out is such condescending bullshit. It would be really nice if he got a cease-and-desist letter from HBO for using GoT footage, 'cause I'm pretty sure he didn't pay them for it.
His shitty youtube video is also the whole fucking joke
Ajit Pai

Gorilla Turd
Well done, jolly good show. 


That man is one of the most detestable little weasels that I've ever seen.
He is garbage
Shit in the streets and in the sheets.
Delete the text box. 

Subtlety is funnier. 
That's rich.
My friend is a distant relative of Ajit Pai, and he told me that everyone in his family hates Ajit Pai.
Can we organize a Ajit Pai boycott? Everyone deny service wherever he goes?
Ajit Pai?

you will have to wait for the punchline to load as you have exceeded your allocated joke bandwidth
The joke is on us unfortunately. 
More like A shit pie, am i right?
Where do I pay for more exemplary content?
[deleted]
I'm not fucking laughing.  
Eejit pai
***Fuck you Ajit Pai***

***You wormy, smiley, scumbag***

***Please eat shit and Dai***
pai = 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461684756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936
He really is just a puppet for people to focus their hate on. People that put him in place made the decision to kill free Internet. 
I noticed the other day that when I try to type Ajit it changes it to shit... Oh wait, good job phone for noticing a synonym. My phone is the Ajit guys!
Ajit was interweb packages if you have gold...
Why a lawyer was appointed as the head of FCC in the first place? It is just wrong. It should be someone  with relevant expertise. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=91&v=JeKK637IYAg

Might want to downvote the shit out of this.
I got him in my deathpool now. Extra points cause hes under 50 aswell. Someones gonna kill the fucker.
Ajit Pai can go FCC himself. 
Is there a subreddit for bad jokes?  this one isn't funny.
*This post cost you 12 cents.*
Fun fact Ajit sounds like eejit which is an Irish slang term meaning idiot   
Thanks Obama
He has a punchable face 
This bacteria is worthy of the title "Cunt of Corporation"

A Billion plus Indians would line up and spit on him for good luck!

Someone needs to post his personal details, where he lives etc. Let some nut job deal with him 😂😂
Plot twist: OP is actually happy that Pai won, just so that he could milk last year's election joke for karma points...
Fucking pajeet
Dear god the circle jerking and karma whoring
Thank you, I'm going to mark you down as "funny"...
Seriously fuck pai
I have a better joke.

Saudi Arabia has free internet
lets hope no one forgets his name and after he's booted out in 4 years there will be no work for him.
9/10
Let's keep this on the front page for at least 24 hours! 
AShit Pie
Ajit you not. 
Press F to pay respects:
DING! Punchline should have been:

Gesundheit!
I was half expecting that I had to pay see the punchline

Reddit is Ajitated.
Wouldn't be surprised if this guy gets found dead in his villa
well him and his family are gonna be living in hell after today i gaurentee it
It's a really sad joke, though :(
I just wish it was funny
There should be a televised broadcast of a competition in which various people drive over Ajit Pai in a way that causes excruciating pain, but that does not cause critical, or fatal injury. The individual that ends up killing him wins his family's browsing history. 
Best joke of the year on this sub. 
I pronounce his name like "a shit pie"
Is that incorrect?
I honestly thought the United States couldn't get any lower....bravo!!! 
Ajit Pai is not the main problem, he’s the one being paid to take all the ridicule, the problem is with our congressmen that have been paid off by major companies like Verizon and Comcast in order to sway their votes.
*pronounced “A-shit Pie
Painful 'joke'.
I wish a shit pie was the FCC commissioner 
If you pronounce his name right, it should sound like a-shit-pie
Good joke.
Also: believing that the 2016 election was a giant douchebag vs. a turd sandwich. A democrat wouldn't have done this.
Subscribe to higher package plan to continue discussion.
F that guy. And F the FCC. 
Of course Pai is irrational!
I wish reddit would let my updoot more than once cuz this is a fantastic joke OP.
Hey to post a comment against the third reic- FCC it'll be a straight fee of $50 with an extra $10 for every 5 words thank you.
Press F to pay respects for Net Neutrality
That’s a shitty joke.
I pronounce his name “ a shit pie” cuz well if the shoe fits.
[Hmmmmmmmm...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/5by0qh/the_2016_us_presidential_election/)
Donkey faced whoodoo. That's it.
He is no longer an Indian. 
I'm from EU but I feel you and this guy should have never existed. Most hated person of the internet. Congrats, A Shit Pile
Everyone wants a piece of the pai right now
It's quite funny how that roughly sounds like "a jibai" which literally refers to "a cunt" when understood in the Hokkien dialect.
Yeah... fuck that guy
Roses are red, 
Ajit is Pai.
Fuck that name in particular, 
fuck that guy. 
"I hate this guy that virtually everyone else hates. How about some free karma?"
Fuck Ajit Pai.
Piece Ajit!!
I felt a great disturbance in the Interweb, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror.....
Political? Check! Unfunny? Check! Welcome to r/jokes
Conspiracy theory, Ajit is working for EA
Now only 9.99 to press X and pay respects
It’s not even a funny joke. 
H O W O R I G I N A L
The 2016 US Presidential Election
That's it. That's the entire fucking joke. 

Are you supposed to cry at jokes?
Lizard that got away from the snakes 2020
Not a fan of political jokes - seen too many get elected
cant wait for south park 

I feel like the Mayan calendar was off a bit
Good enough 
This election season will cost more than 5 billion dollars..
There must be a cheaper way to find the worst people in society...
Lets just hope America doesn't repost this joke of an election in 2020. This is too much as it is 
Brexit was funny, but this affects ME. 


Hello darkness, my old friend...
The joke is that Any potato could've ran against trump and won. But the biggest potato of them all actually managed to fucking lose
We voted in a man who doesn't belive in Global fucking warming. Goddammit fuck you America, fuck. 
Someone at Christmas,15 closed his/her eyes said to god: "*May we live in interesting times...*"

And here we are...
Orange is the new black.
Fuck. Hell did freeze over. Brexit, Cubs win, trump wins
I don't believe it what have u done America 
Jokes are funny. This is sad.
Part of me wants to laugh the other part is just sad 
Idiocracy.
Joke's on us 
As a Canadian, I'm genuinely scared how it's going to affect us 
That moment when the real world is the highest post in /r/jokes right nls
He's at 264 now, it's pretty much over

I hope you're happy Clinton and DNC, if you didn't get greedy and let Bernie run he could have had a stronger chance

At least now they'll spend the next 4 years thinking about their mistakes
This is the second time Hillary has lost to a colored person 
This joke was funny while it lasted, guys. It's not funny anymore, please stop
I've had a good run. Nuclear weapons weren't the way I expected to go, but apparently that's where we're all going. 
I blame on DNC, rigged the primary and shot themselves in the foot. Great job
Trump is winning


he ran as a joke

now he's going to actually win.


what must be going through this poor man's mind right now?
[deleted]
The fact that Trump even got this far is a joke. The whole world is most likely laughing at us right now. 
[deleted]
The Purge (film) comes reality, never thought that would happen, really.
Come to New Zealand. I doubt trump knows what that is.
[deleted]
I didn't think the United States could humiliate themselves any more than they already have. 

Then they elected a reality TV star.
RIP America 1776-2016
Donald Trump. The ~~new~~ last President of the United States.
Donald was right about one thing. America isn't great. We elected a misogynistic, racist, and climate-change denier as president.
No, the joke will be when the ACA is repealed, leaving 20 million people in need without health care and the Republicans refuse to pass even a shitty alternative. You'll all be laughing then. 
I was an overconfident dumbass.

Trump supporters, I sincerely hope that he helps you and this country, and you never regret your decision. I truly do.

And as for the Muslims, black people, Latinos, women, Jews in this country, etc...I am truly sorry. I hope Trump is more bark than bite.

So, on to the silver lining. Hopefully the DNC won't pull this kind of bullshit on us again and we can get a real progressive with little baggage as our nominee, like Warren or Booker. A much better person has a chance to become our first woman president. We'll have plenty of great, albeit depressing, talk show material for the next four years. And either Alec Baldwin or the guy who did several years ago will give us plenty of Trump impressions.

Gotta say, I was an idealist this whole election. I was turned into a cynic overnight. The DNC probably hasn't learned its lesson, and never will. We're fucked.
Holy s*** the madman actually did it.
I laughed.

But I'm not an American. Poor fucks.
Shit, I'm Finnish and I just woke up. I got dressed, did my make up, sat down to drink my coffee and read the paper WOW WHAT THE FUUCK? IS THIS A JOKE?

Edit: a typo
Dear America,

***WHAT THE FUCK HAVE YOU DONE?!***

Sincerely, The Rest of The World
As a Canadian, thanks for letting us all down.  For all of you who voted Trump, I'll never apologize to you.  Go fuck yourself.
We literally just gave isis all they need for their propaganda and recruitment videos. 
This country is full of the stupidest people I have ever seen...I always felt that personally, but this election confirms it 100%
Don't get me wrong, I love America and it's culture. Will be holidaying there soon. I already thought you were all crazy with the guns and lack of action on fixing that problem. Now you vote in Trump? What the hell is going on over there?

Sincerely,

Most of Australia
You should've left the description blank or something. 
Please tell me he believes Climate Change is actually real!!??? 
We potentially have a Russian sympathizer for president. Goodnight democracy.
I wonder if the DNC regrets screwing Burnie now?
Fuck Trump and fuck Hilary. Both are garbage. 
Why can't you just re-elect Obama.
This election though...

So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish!
We voted Brexit you voted Trump. We are all fucked. 
Oh god why? Why did she have to be such a turd sandwich? 
I've long thought this election was one of those racist jokes that tries to be funny but only makes people wince. 
Bernie Sanders would've beaten Trump by double digits. Thanks DNC for rigging the primaries and shoving one of the most unpopular Presidential candidates in Hillary Clinton down America's throat.
Idiocracy was supposed to be a movie not a documentary WHAT THE FUCK HAVE YOU DONE AMERICA.
This year BOTH parties found out: you can't just ignore the primaries and nominate whoever you want anymore. 
How is this the most upvoted thing on r/Jokes ?
Biggest joke of all time to be exact. According to Reddit
CHIGGER YOU PUT ZERO EFFORT IN THIS JOKE >:(
It's a country that mourned a dead gorilla for 6 months LUL
[deleted]
Except it's a type of joke that makes people cry cry cry.
How the fuck is Trump winning right now?!
[deleted]
I said this yesterday and it got downvoted to hell in 30 seconds. Lol. 
http://i.imgur.com/BdHEZNA.gif
This is what happens when the Democratic Party nominates the only person who couldn't beat Trump.
Maybe Trump kills it as president and was only acting like this because he knew it would win the election. I mean he is just way to absurd to be a real person right? I don't even know if I want this to be true it would only make this whole thing even sadder.
THE WHOLE WORLD IS MEMES NOW

E M B R A C E  T H E  M E M E

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4feUSTS21-8
I would make a political joke about it but then it would get elected.
Yeah! Having one of the most powerful countries in the world being governed by a lying, lawbreaking, sexist, racist, fascist pussy grabber with a bad temperament who also thinks that torture is cool is... uh... isn't funny at all, actually.
FUCK 2016. 
[deleted]
America is so fucked and so is the rest of the world. We have already started seeing large drops in the DOW and Asian markets. Not to mention that the peso is also dropping. This election as news casters are saying was all the uneducated white man voting. Our country is fucked we are no longer safe due to us becoming a major target since Donald trump wants to ban Islam. I hope you fucking idiots that voted for him are happy to see a modern day hitler in office. Now all I can do is sit back and watch the downfall of America. FUCK TRUMP AND ALL HIS SUPPORTERS
fuck, have we gone too far with this Trump joke?
Finally I have an answer to:"how is it possible that Italy chosed Berlusconi"? Well.. You actually did worse
I just remembered, I have relatives in Canada. Any one wanna come?
I want to leave for Mars now, Elon where do I sign up? 
This election is the prequel to Fallout 4.
Awesome. I'd give you gold, but I don't give money to poor people by policy.
[deleted]
Tell that to my Latina friends crying right now because they're fearing for their parent's lives. 
The world is indeed laughing at the US, leader of the free world a man that grabs women by the pussy ? Any moral superiority that the US claims henceforth is moot. It makes me fear for the world. Time for Europe to strenghten its cooperation and move away from usacentric policies. Exactly what Putin wanted, who supported Trump, you cretins. DISAPPOINTED! 
Yeah. I sincerely feel sorry for the Americans right now.
Too soon
we are fucked
BRITAIN : Brexit is the stupidest , most self-destructive act a country could undertake  
USA : lol , hold my beer
7/10 execution, should have just left the post part empty
RIP my 401k
God help us all
Still feeling the Bern
So the Mayans were just off 4 years with their prediction, not bad! 
Saturday Night Live ratings will sky-rocket with all this new content. #alecbaldwin
2016 is a joke
^^^^^^^^^^^^. > 80k upvotes

^^^^^^^^^^^^. > Gilded 12 times

^^^^^^^^^^^^. > Top post of all time on the subreddit

Yeah nice work with this one, you deserve it. Really original and fresh. Funny, too   

^^^^fuck ^^^^off
Is there not a better way than to vote between a giant douche and a turd sandwich? 
Remember when Trump announced he was running for president? And we all laughed it off 😂
I guess you could say...

Orange is the new black.
Hillary Clinton gets elected President and is spending her first night in the White House. 
She has waited so long…
The ghost of George Washington appears, and Hillary says, "How can I best serve my country?"
Washington says, "Never tell a lie."
"Ouch!" Says Hillary, "I don’t know about that."

The next night, the ghost of Thomas Jefferson appears… 
Hillary says, "How can I best serve my country?"
Jefferson says, "Listen to the people."
"Oh! I really don’t want to do that."

On the third night, the ghost of Abe Lincoln appears… 
Hillary says, "How can I best serve my country?"
Lincoln says, "Go to the theater."
4 years later…..what do we say??
We're fucked. We're all fucked.
I feel like if Hilary got elected, these comments would basically look the same. 
Its only funny if its happening to other people!!! Not us!! Fuck.
Wow, just like Brexit, pollsters & media on the whole got it so wrong. What I would like to know is how much power a President really has, especially with two Houses behind him. 
Real low hanging fruit. I ain't mad though, America earned it
I guess orange really is the new black. 
You wanna hear another one? Faith in the human race. 
You got the president you deserve. Nicely done USA. Bravo.
Republicans will run this country.

Three branches. House, Senates, Presidency. Trump would choose his republican mates to run the Supreme Court too.

Dammit.
All hail your new grand wizard Donald Trump!
Yeah, first it's all a joke and laughter, then everybody ends up crying, blame the others  and run from the fallout
Ah. Exactly what I was hoping for out of this joke. So satisfying. 
And you lot thought the brexit result was a joke!

Funnily enough, that statement would have worked whoever won!
...and today humanity reached a new low
The media is the real joke making everyone believe Clinton would win by a landslide 
And I thought Brexit was gonna be the biggest fk up of the year.

Top Trump USA.
That's what you get for keeping the elderly alive. 

 #side effects Obamacare
Just remember, for the rest of the world. Today is 9/11.

I'm a terrible person,  but I find it funny.
Oh it didn't go my way, must be a joke
Lol... omg.. 😂 Trump is going to be our president.  Shit. Where's my birth certificate???
It's official. We are truly a trash reality show to aliens in outer space.
Every single media outlet is calling this an upset and I'm here thinking wasn't it fucking obvious this would happen? 
After Trump won, all I have to say is thanks Obama.
And now people who supported him can claim that his beliefs are right because those got him into the office. This is gonna be a wild ride, and I'm not even an american.
You think that was a joke? Wait 4 years to see Trump vs. Kanye West
When you shitpost so hard you become president lmao
The god damned canadian immigration site went down.
If you meet a woman who voted for Trump, grab her by the pussy. She'll love it! It's the new high five. 
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb?
None. Trump says it’s done and they all cheer in the dark.
How do you make Trump change a light bulb? Tell him Obama put it there.
You forgot the rest of it
Then Trump turns on the switch and says “it’s the brightest light you’ve ever seen.  There has never been a light brighter.  The likes of which, you’ve never seen.  We used the biggest bulb... Huge.
Biden wouldn’t have changed the bulb.  Joe had 47 years, why didn’t you change the bulb joe? Oh now, all the sudden Joe, this time you’ll change the bulb? I don’t think so.  This has been the greatest bulb change, no one in the history of this country has changed a bulb in such a spectacular fashion,,,  we got world leaders calling us. Well most, not China. Personally, I think they are jealous over our bulb”
I don't know. I've stopped counting.
Why're you libs trying to change that lightbulb? That light bulb was good enough for my daddy and his daddy. You can pry my light bulb from my cold dead hands!

'Murica!
I like this. I'm stealing it. It's mine now.
They're all dim watted...

Is this the door? I'll see myself out.
...then they say "Obama never changed lightbulbs!"

...then they blame Democrats for not changing the lighbulbs

...then they try to outlaw light
[deleted]
None - they don’t like change?
[deleted]
I usually downvote political joked but this really made me laugh
Aaaand the comments've turned into a turf war. Good job OP.
None. Trump just holds it up and expects the world to rotate around him
[I knew I've seen this before lol](https://i.imgur.com/Uud2Tqx.jpg)
Before never installing, we will have to listen how great, beautiful the bulb is and how the bulb will be installed like it has never been installed before also how great, beautiful the plan to install the bulb is. The plan likes of which have never been seen or done before and no one can make a better plan than that.
None, they’re too busy hating the room for being black
Surprised this isn't a war zone
Just tell him Obama installed it
This just in, from the guy who brought you, "The reason there are so many cases is because we are doing too many tests," ... comes the new hit single, ...  "I'm only losing because they're counting all those votes against me."
None. They'll tell you it doesn't need changing, and if YOU try to do it yourself, they'll file a lawsuit against you, claiming the darkness brings out the light in them and that _you're_ obstructing it.
So many butthurt cultists in the negative karma zone.
You know when Trump loses the fact that he was president is gonna be used for everything he ever does. Every ad for everything of his.
Is that your trump card?
I’m so glad that hopefully after today instead of low effort humorless Trump jokes we’ll have your low effort humorless Biden Jokes. Oh boy
Got 'im
this shit got layers
He’s the ultimate snake oil gaslighting salesman. It’s mind numbingly scary that folks can’t see it.
None, because none of Trump supporters want any change.
They don't change the light bulb, they beat the room for being black.
Half of them chant "Take it out!" and the rest chant "Keep it in!" depending on which bulb.
We all know trumpies prefer to live in the dark
Time to sort by controversial
We’ll just hire someone with a liberal arts degree working at Starbucks to do it for us. We’re conservatives. We don’t change anything.
How many Biden supporters does it take to change a.. uhh.. you know.. that thing.
"They all cheer in the dark after Trump says it's done." Seems much better if you reverse it because I feel like you think you "get" the main joke before you get the really humorous part if you start with "Trump says it's done." You still get the impact of the dark part, but I think it hits harder if the dark part comes first.

This has been my solo joke analysis workshop.
An extra benefit of the Biden presidency is I won’t have to see so many low effort jokes for the next 4 years.
None, they shoot the room because its black
Even as a republican... this is funny
After they unscrew the bulb they stop and threaten to sue everyone who dares to continue changing it.
[Actual video of Trump supporters cheering in the dark](https://youtu.be/RQ_gE4H3HCY)
That seemed like fake news you made up.
Hilarious.
[deleted]
If you left it up to Trump supporters to change a light bulb then you'll be left with a broken light bulb with shattered glass all over the floor.
No one knows, one of them said he’d do it but that was 4 years ago and many are still waiting for new bulb to arrive.
Since when did r/jokes become r/facts?
There is no light bulb, it’s a hoax.
None. Because democracy dies in the dark
Only one, stop counting after one or you’ll be sued.
0 because lightbulbs use science and magic.
None! They are consistently in the dark!
Do the rich people, or the poor people need the light?
If he wins it gonna be another 4 years of bad jokes ain't it?


Man I'm cheering for Biden now.
All of them. Trump stands there while the room revolves around him, and all the supporters have to support his weight, literally.
There is no dark. Trump defeated it.
Forgot the part where they praise him for his hard work. And when they walk into walls and stub their toes on bed frames it’s Obama’s fault and the libs are also to blame.
None. They just beat the room for being black.
None, they'd rather sit in the dark and claim it's a liBeRal hoax.
Any yet they somehow managed to spend 300% of their budget for the job.
I was gonna say 

None because all the Mexicans are deported and the Blacks in jail.
The lightbulb gets sued
None, because they blamed the Mexicans for stealing their jobs.
None. The police just shoot the room for being dark.
Actually the answer is two, one to steal the lightbulb and the other to smoke meth out of it.
Four. One to hold the bulb and three to turn the ladder.
None. They don't believe in lightbulbs. That's why none of them has ever had a bright idea
They swallowed the light bulb because its light can kill corona virus inside your body.
I was a Trump supporter before this election. This joke is so accurate it hurts. 

I'm not completely Ridin' with Biden tho. But I'm not a Trumpet anymore either.
Unsure. They keep demanding recounts.
Trump supporters: "Change that lightbulb"
Also Trump supporters: "Don't change that lightbulb"

And then they say they're in the dark because of non-Trump supporters
Or they spend 4 years asking why Obama didn't do it
Trump tells them they don't need the light and they cheer as grifters rob their wallets in the dark. Obama then gets blamed.
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him Obama installed it.
None, they just shoot the room for being black
He will do ot of Obama put it in.
None. Biden supporters would protest the lightbulb change.. unfortunately leading to a discussion of race 🤣🤣
How many Biden supporters does it take to change... uh... you know, the thing.
I’m a republican but this was funny
None they just expect the cops to beat the room for being dark.
A million?
Dumbass. Trump side great. Bidens trying to ruin this country so the Chinese can take over. Dislike Trump as much as you want... His policies and actions were the best we've had in office for decades. You support the Dems? Get your socialist ass out of my country!!!
Trump 2024...
Can somebody explain this joke without sounding triggered?
Q: How many Trump Supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?


A: Doesn't matter, really. They'll screw anything.
I wish the science based Republicans would come back
Ok that's fucking gold
Changing lightbulbs is what the socialists want, and we need to fight to make the lightbulb light again.
This is so good. I told my parents and they rolled on the floor laughing.
None. They beat up the room for being black and blame the bulb for being broke.
Turns out they aren’t very bright
I claim, for light bulb purposes, the bulb is already screwed in,.... Also I hereby declare it’s lit up!
I heard this version: How many Biden supporters does it take to change a ligh bulb?
None, they never change anything and are used to being in the dark.....
Same joke different twist
Lol
I was thinking,  none. They took their jerrhhbbs!
"Your fired!"
LOL
Depends if they're in Nevada...
TDS
You forgot to mention that he is the most bright president ever
69,000,000
Too many to count.
Brilliant!
The comments on this remind me of why I need to take breaks from Reddit
Don't make me sue this joke....
A perfect analogy, I wish I'd thought of it. WAIT, I did think of it first, I thought of it last week. YOU STOLE MY JOKE!  - Trump
I am sure they will figure it out.  !remind in 100 years
It's a fraud
I don't know how does counting work.
I don’t know I’m still counting
This summarizes the state of our country's politics in the most succinct way possible!!
The light bulb is a conspiracy! I've already changed the light bulb I said! As Im sitting in the dark
Heh heh heh heh
Biden:  C'omn man!
Truanannashabaduprezur!
You hire somebody to do it, and then dont pay them because they done a bad job.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb?

All of them.
What's the point of a light bulb when they'll never see the light
I think this belongs in r/TwoSentenceHorror
I love this joke haha
thought it was Juan
How do 0 people cheer?
I’d like to revise it

“How many trump supporters does it take to screw in a light bulb?” 

None. Trump will have an undocumented worker screw the bulb in behind the scenes and refuse to pay while he attacks ‘sleepy joe’ and take the credit of his hUgE success. 

Basically how trump towers/hotels were conceived.
It depends on how many long guns they are each carrying.
It's an incandescent bulb too
Stop Changing Lightbulbs!!
It takes one to blame Obama
How many Trump supporters does it take to accept that [Biden was confirmed winner](https://www.lawwly.com/post/Biden-Wins-Election)?
This is funny and sad.
Trump says there never was a working lightbulb, it's always been dark. Everybody cheers in the dark
One, they are normal people, they vote for a reason, even if is incorrect, they have the right to believe it. We should treat them with kindness and convince them instead of just ostracize them, if we keep doing this, we are fueling radicalism.

We could not just sit in an ivory tower, forget all of the problems of the rural america and blantly claim that everybody that believed in trump is just wrong and inhumanely idiot and dont even dare to explain why.

You broke the red bubble by empathy and respect, not bigotry and hate
Have no fear joe is here
Yup
Change ALL the bulbs! Wait, no, don’t change ANY of them! Wait, um...
FAKE NEWS!
None they need a a democrat to do it for them
I am from Turkey and this sounds *very* familiar.
None. They hire a democrat to do it.
