Worlds 2021 Prediction Tournament

This post was created ~~six~~ ~~now eleven days ago~~ on October 10th, just before the Worlds group stage started, when we launched the prediction tournament.

However, the time of posting keeps updating, hence why it keeps appearing on the front page and on r/all. We suspect it has to do with the of posting new predictions for upcoming matches, but it happens automatically and unfortunately we can't change it.
Tomorrow is gonna be so spicy, ridiculous how many good games there are. Pretty much top 4 regions are all playing against each other.
I see Reddit's still doing the thing where if you vote you're forced to upvote the post.

EDIT: It's also doing the thing where the post gets reposted every few days to force it to be on the front page.
[deleted]
It took me to new reddit. No thanks!
My mind says Gen G but my heart says C9
!remindme 36 hours
If Faker wins I’m never going to play league again; ten years of blood sweat and tears, I offer it all to cosmos and beg for our true king to win one last championship.
This thing literally sent me a message 15 mins ago about MSI. Also it takes me to new-reddit! No, Thank-you.
For some reason this took me to a "Predictions" subreddit. Now I'm worried about sink holes, food shortages and global crisis.
I really want T1 to win but I’m honestly afraid it’s going to be a blowout. Damwon are just so fucking cracked honestly. Let’s go T1 I’m rooting for you
ALL IN C9 even though I know what the result will be...
My heart WANTS t1 so bad but, the mind is what I trust with currency of any kind so, I gotta say DWK
I want EDG to win, so I’m picking DK for my pick’ems.

Either way I’ll have won out somewhere
MAXIMUM HOPIUM ACTIVATED!!
I’m liking this 60% skew for Na
Gonna be the first match that feels like a worlds match woohooo
My heart says T1 but my brain says DK
At first I regretted not getting in on this, but now I realized how bad my pick ‘ems have been lol
If GenG wins it all, 2022 Worlds song can just be Rise 2.0.

1) Perkz on Yasuo

2) LPL opponent

3) T1 (run back) or DK (reigning World Champ) in finals

All the beats are there already.  Just get Chrissy Costanza to do a cover of Rise w/ a rap portion added by I donno... Thutmose, and make the appropriate adjustments to the music video.  Donezo.
T1 FIGHTING
Man...this one is kinda difficult but I think EDG might win either 3-2 or hard fought 3-1.
Wish they'd give trophies for these just like Oscar predictions. Fun little thing.
VOTED C9 AND MAD. HOLD OUT HOPE BROTHERS, THE AGE OF ASIA IS OVER, THE TIME OF THE WEST HAS BEGUN.
Everyone talking about the faker showmaker matchup but i think gumayusi is about to show us why he replaced teddy
I’m voting PSG Talon because Talon is one of my mains
NAmen send your energy to blabber so that he may live after flash smite stealing enemy crab
I have 1600 points, how are y'all doing?
I love faker
I hate all these my heart says… but my brain says comments. No. It’s not like Cloud 9 is facing EDG in the worlds finals or something. This is going to be a match.
Keria is just TOO CRACKED MAN
Tbh at this point this is the actual finales match i dont believe edg or gen can beat them
T1 wins 3-0

Goals: 26' faker (free kick), 56' gumayusi, 90' oner (penalty)
[removed]
I want t1 to win but I think that do will win it
at least script an na or eu team in so it’s interesting
kinda disgusting that this post is now the second most upvoted post of all time on this sub
Hopium, lets go.
When is the finals?? Like how many hours from now
Edg about to get clapped
I voted HLE since I selected T1 in my lolesports pick'ems to hedge my bets. But seriously, 5% for HLE? I know T1 are heavy favorites, but HLE's chances are lower than some of the DFM votes in groups lol. 

Obviously HLE didn't do so hot in LCK, but they 2-0'd T1 in the last regular week of LCK and took T1 to game 5 in the regional gauntlet. That's not to say HLE will win given the group stage performances, but I think their chances should be more than 5%.

edit: HLE omegalul
NAMEN
Yeah not predicting every game if it's gonna turn my whole screen orange for 2 seconds every time.
It takes you to the "new reddit" and also auto likes all the posts, that's quite darring.
Why the hell is this so highly updated?
How does this work exactly can someone explain please?
C9 hopium
LETS GO T1 T1 T1 T1 T1 T1
I came here expecting predictions about the future and to see if any actually happened. I didn’t know there was a fuckin game called Worlds 2021 Prediction.
Lets get the hopium started! T1 baby!!!
Vote for DK and save yourselves a heartbreak.
Voting for Faker, and in turn SKT T1 is not about a which team is mor skilled thing.
It’s a nostalgia thing.
One more time, I want to see faker raise the world up!!!
DWK are gonna win, but I picked EDG because I really want them to win.
T1 hopium at the ready!!!
Imagine betting on HLE over T1.

 I will be feasting on the Church of Chovy believers' tear
I know that Mad have little to know chance against DWG but I still hope they will win.
I'm at 64 points so I need DK to win to get me all the rewards.
I want my boy khan to win, dude is gonna be so happy retiring knowing he won worlds.
So torn right now. I want Faker to win, at the same time I also want Khan to win. Why must the gods be so cruel...
what the fuck is this, a new Reddit feature?
3 0 by dwk
When do our predictions for today payout?
I'm saying this right now, C9 gonna win worlds, check the scripts. No one sees this coming but it's gonna be insane!!!!
NA Men
so many people bet for c9, i don't think c9 is favorite but have my faith in them to do something special
all in hopium c9
GO T1 <3
I’m purposely picking the opposite of my Pickem cause it’s been 3 times now my teams lost when i choose Reddit voting
How is Skt favourite? People really oding on hopium
I just hope all the players have fun.
Oke so far I got both quarter finals right! I let my wife choose winners based on their name. And she sais Mad is going to win 3-1… do what you like with this info fam!
I honestly haven’t been this hyped for a series since G2 vs SKT in 2019. This years worlds has proven to be so much better than last years. This is one of those series where you can just feel that electricity in the atmosphere.
[removed]
Pls GenG so my multi comes through... might have to hedge my bet on a EDG win.
LEEESSS GOOOO T1!!!! MY DREAM IS STILL ALIVE!!!! PUT THE KING BACK ON HIS THRONE!!!
T1 fighting!!!!!!

Full on hopium binge,

SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I think GENG will destroy C9, but since I let my friend choose my pick'ems, I have C9 winning 3-0.
Showmaker gonna change his IG to shoemaker and change his profession after faker gaps him in the 2-2 tie breaker. This is according to riot games scripts they only making it close for content. Shoemaker gonna be making the shoes faker wears to the podium as he lifts the cup 💯
T1 is on the runback this year. Showmaker might have to change his IG to Clownmaker after Faker gaps him this worlds
I don't know what either of those are, but i saw dk and instantly thought "DONKEY KONG?!"
oooh this is sick
The top post is about to get me a game in the future with a similar concept
[removed]
I cant wait even predict for today's matches lol. Still haven't received any tokens that I should've won for yesterday's games.
TLDR: just win
what time does the game start in EST? I tried googling already and nothing showed up.
What sort of cope is EU on with that 36% picking mad lmao
Oh God not this shit again. You gonna post 40 topics a day and flood the sub during an international tournament again?
DK fighting!

I put my trust in this team and they Never disappointed their fans. Let‘s do it once again guys.
How did this get so many upvotes? Noticing this more often with lot of posts. Turning into fb and ig now with these manufactured posts. Over 50k upvotes with less than 300 comments. Sure
I managed to stay around 10 secs before noping the fuck out of new reddit
Why is this again the top post..
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fridtjof_Nansen-class_frigate they’re wondering, the year is 2021.
Is C9 beats Gen.G 

That means C9 > Every other region other than Korea
I really hope DK loses, but I don't think they will
T1! T1! T1!
In all honesty, i've seen so many people pretty much thinking fnatic and MAD are guaranteed to get out and i honestly don't see it. MAD and FNC are definitely in volatile groups and could see neither of them getting out if they aren't at their best. MAD are not the greatest bo1 team there is, they definitely accel at bo5's so it could go either way tbh and i genuinely think that.
I don’t have any to spend,fuck
Do I get back the tokens I bet and won?
FPX throwing boosted me to 17th on the list (800 pts for C9 beating them alone). Will drop a bit again though once group B's results are processed, I had predicted EDG winning all their matches. I'm doing better in the prediction tournament than in my Pick-ems.
ill predict that the rest of every esport capsule given by watching worlds will be an icon
I predict 3-0 or 3-1 in favor of T1. HLE has both form and strat to work on, while T1 just needs to figure out strats. Don't get me wrong, I see HLE's massive improvements since LCK summer but that just isn't enough.
Wish that it would show the sub in the post for this. 

I knew it was for LoL but still kinda funky how these have been set up.

Thanks for the tourney all the same!
War of the Worlds kinda stuff.
Ik that’s right.” - Mike Stoklasa (2021)
Last
This Saturday we will watch a League episode called „how can 5 man make cry an entire T1 fan base from sadness“ hosted by DK.
Most people think T1 are gunna win? Hmm
I'm ruthing for the best storyline:

C9 vs T1 final. Don't care who wins.

Realistic storyline: Chinese team vs DWG, DWG wins. And we could start to take Showmaker seriously in a historical sense, and rise him above all the one-meta ponies.
HOPIUM
jesus christ what the fuck is wrong with that site
If faker has million number of fans i amone of them 🙋🏻. if faker has ten fans i am one of them. if faker haveonly one fan and that is me 🙋🏼🙋🏽🙋🏾. if faker has no fans, thatmeans i am no more on the earth 😢. if world against the faker, i amagainst the world ❌🌍☄️. i love #faker till my last breath.. 😍
does it really matter?
Wow, everyone here is so cool because they refuse to use the the new reddit. I can't believe there are so many cool people here, thanks for making all the comments to let us know you are so different than everyone else!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN

WELCOME

TO THE CHURCH OF CHOOOOVY
[removed]
Are you giving out PCs like last year for perfect picks or what
Fpx will win worlds, the predator buffs will benefit their roaming style. In before Doinb runs predator kled mid
Man I want t1’s shoes. Some kinda Jordan 1’s with blue and red swooshes. If anyone can find them anywhere please link.
Those "huzzaah" "kazaam" facebook posters after every vote are cringe af.
ALL IN BABYY
> To avoid spoilers, prediction results will be revealed at the start of day 2 of Worlds.

Already game 2 today but still haven't gotten tokens back...
how do i see how many tokens I have and my results?

i cant remember every one i pick
NA wins. Eeryone who knows basic math knows that 100T> 1T.
100 T > 1 T
I root for c9 on any esport for some reason
I am huffing SO MUCH COPIUM
eww gross reddit
august 2020 -->august 2021 +3.6%
How does it pay out? Do you get more if most people predicted the other team to win?
2021 basketball right here
Why does this link take me to a fucking creepy psychic predictions subreddit?
Worlds richest man, with simple taste, I suppose
I watched every single teams playoffs excluding wildcard and my friend got his pick ems autofilled and i have half his points.

He has 2 perfect groups...
So I just got to open this for the first time and had to visit newdit for a first time and we have achievements? I have achievements? That's fucking embarassing. I need to change my life.
2021 Pablo turned the absolute fuck out of bleach
Rome wasn’t that what Lego Worlds is?
GG
Laster
Lastest
lastester
lester
Lastboi
ello
OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR MARC MERRILL HAS SAID IF THIS POST GETS TO THE TOP OF /R/ALL, HE WILL GIVE GRAVES A CIGAR AGAIN!
Lets do this /r/leagueoflegends!!!

EDIT: CONFIRMED BY THE LORD HIMSELF, WE DID IT REDDIT!!!: https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/62phzt/our_lord_and_saviour_marc_merrill_has_said_if/dfp217r/
# TO THE TOP
Done - your wish is our command.  Graves shall once again be puffing on a fat stogie like the true badass he is who doesn't give a F. 
I don't play league but goddam it if I'm not gonna upvote this so your dreams can come true. BELIEVE IN YOUR DREAMS
http://imgur.com/a/8F7c6 WE DID IT REDDIT!
No bamboozle?
Seems legit
Graves no cigar, graves in peril, not to worry we have Marc Merrill. 
[deleted]
**N E V E R   G I V E  U P**
**#MAKEGRAVESGREATAGAIN**
I'm confused. Is this /r/leagueoflegends or /r/The_Donald?
mfw http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/020/253/gravescigar.jpg
Uptoked.
Real men have cigars. 
I'm greatly in favor of this. 
From /r/all here, I guess you did whatever you were trying to do?
When it's not April first in your time zone yet and you actually believed this for a bit :-/
[deleted]
Even the mods asking for upvotes now smh
LET'S GO PEDES
This is obviously fake news made up by /r/DotA2 
YOU SMOKIN YET
I've always been a lurker and I don't even log in 99% of the time. 
But now my time has come to upmarc this post and give a man his right to possess a cigar again.
WE FUCKING DID IT BOYS
Calling bamboozle even if I have no clue what you guys are talking about.

Sincerely, some r/all redditor
**#MAKEGRAVESSMOKEAGAIN**
#WE DID IT REDDIT!

http://imgur.com/a/z7jof
It might get buried, but on the off chance it doesn't, here you go:

http://imgur.com/dxGWrgY
#HIGH ENERGY
YES I LOVE DRUGS GIVE THE MAN HIS CIGAR BACK!
Isn't /r/lol banned from /r/all?
This better not be fake news!!!!
HAIL MARC
Well just came from /r/all. You guys were at the top. Gratz? 
**FOR GRAVES**
MARC GRAVES SMOKE AGAIN
IF THIS IS A JOKE YOU CROSSED A LINE MODS
Downvoted for his health
Damnit, I have never logged in just to upvote something. I don't even play league anymore, but I'm here to +1. I know what is important.
He's probably just gonna rework Ryze again 
We did it reddit!
**WE DID IT**
I don't play League or even watch it but Fuck It have an up vote. 
BUT THE CHILDREN
cig plz
Increase my cigar Marc
love me some regi
Make graves graves again. 
Holy shit it happened
#####WE DID IT
PROOF OR NO
\#MAKEGRAVESSMOKEAGAIN \#MGSA
https://gyazo.com/0d6b797c36aeb8c9573ab33992cbebd3
WE DID IT MEN
WE DID IT!! Top of /r/all CIGAR IS BACK
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THIS MEANS BUT IT'S AT THE TOP WHERE'S THE CIGAR
[WE DID IT BOIZE!](http://imgur.com/a/eh3MW)
It happened

IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED

THE CIGAR HAS RETURNED 
I know this isn't true but I can't take the chance that it might be! 
Updoots for cigar!
Greetings /r/all
DO IT FOR THE MEME VALUE
April fools jokes woooo
I think this is the fastest I've ever seen something get to #1 of r/all
EVERYONE ON BOARD THE TIPPY TOP TRAIN
http://imgur.com/a/AROml
Holy shit 3hrs and it's here
we did it reddit!
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
I haven't played in almost 2 years. But I'll be damned if Graves doesn't get his cigar back. Bot lane is steessful.
66.6K upvotes... 
Holy shit it was true
Cigars>the shitty vapes riot says he smokes now. 
Plz no bamboozle
DO IT 
GOGOGOGOGO
oh shit waddap

LETS FUCKIN GO
LET'S FUCKING GO BBY!
LOUD NOISES
This thread needs to rise like the smoke from Grave's cigar so everyone can smell it
Ey baus cen I hev de cigar pls?
PLEASE NO BAMBOOZLE!
This post makes me wish it wasn't April 1 in places.
yes yes yes
Earlier April fools joke? 
FOR THE CIGAR!

Give Graves a cigar and Annie a pacifier =)
CIGAR TO THE TOP
I'm contributing!
IT'S HAPPENING
KOREAN GRAVES HAS A CIGAR WHY CAN ONLY THEY CAN HAVE GOOD THINGS IN LIFE
GET TO DA TOPA!!
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
ALL ABOARD!
**THE MERRILL**
Bumb it up share the post in other subs cmon boys 
PLEASE

Where did he say that? 
WE'RE DOING IT
LEZ DO IT BOIZ ALL HAIL OUR GOD
Up we go! 
This is my first year on reddit during April fools and I was so confused with all the Marc Merrill posts. Not to mention it's still the 31st for me. Took me awhile to figure it out whoops
GIVE GRAVES HIS CIGAR
YES!!
Its at the top
You can kill a little girl in this game but Graves can't smoke a cigar?
Riot confirmed for supporting child murder over the tobacco industry. 

I think maybe those PSA's came on a little too strong. 
TO THE TOP WE GOOO
OP better deliver

DAT SHITS AT DA TOP
UPVOTE, DAMMIT, UPVOTE!
Seem legit for an April Fool joke
Okay, but what do we have to do to get Annie a cigar?
You guys know it's april 1st right?
Dont just upvote this! Downvote the OTHERS!
I'm only subbed here to downvoted everything on this sub. However, this will be an exception 
GIVE IT TO HIM !
Don't stop believing!
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 50,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit50k](https://twitter.com/Reddit50k) and subreddit /r/reddit50k!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit50k/status/848121534388379652

--------------------

^^All ^^75,000 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit75k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit75k

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^100,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit100k](https://twitter.com/Reddit100k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit100k
EYY LETS GO BABY

I don't even want the cigar. I just want old graves back.
[Satisfying as shit.](https://gyazo.com/fa4e2b5a61c9776f8c2a4abf8af269fd)
i will be the last comment on the most upvoted thread on this sub
Hell Nah. I will
WE MADE IT
Guys...this is clearly an April fools joke...
What is going on here today?
ok
Make the cigar happen! Graves isn't Graves without it!
I don't know, I've been bamboozled before
to the top we go
Lets go graves!
CAN CONFIRM, OUR SAVIOUR* IS NO BAMBOOZLER

*alternative praises are available, preferably all at once
MAKE GRAVES GREAT AGAIN 2K17

PRAISE LORD MERRILL
IS THIS A BAMBOOZLE? 
UP WE GO
#MakeGravesSmokeAgain
WE DID IT REDDIT
ohyes, it's done

[r/all scrnsht](http://imgur.com/1Dqvd5e)
It's currently at the top :)
CIGAR!? GRAVES NEEDS A JOINT, HE'S NO CHILL RN.
We did it, Reddit!
Woot!!!
Pretty high and drunk rn watching the new Trailer park boys season with friends, i dont know what going on
Welp, you're here. Okay then. 
BETTER MEMES THAN THE_DONALD AKA SHITPOSTTOWN
I hate him but will tolerate him if he does this.
to the top we go...!
Upcigared. To the top you go!
I DO IT FOR GRAVES

ALL HAIL OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR, THE MAN HIMSELF, MARC "TRYNDAMERE" MERRILL
Lets Get Graves A Cigar
GIVE DAT BOYE A      B L U N T
WE DID IT
[I think we did it?](http://prntscr.com/er0xxc)
Sorry, cantrust this post.
WE DID IT
WE DID IT
Love me some Regi
This guy looks like the twin brother of my High School's principal
HURRY PLZ GIVE IT BACK
What is going on?
God dammit. You guys made me think it's fucking /r/the_donald. 
WARNING: THIS IS A PAID RIOT PSYOPS 
IF GRAVES DOESN'T GET HIS CIGAR BACK, WE **WILL** RIOT!
Best April Fools joke ever?


seems pretty legit :thinking_emoji:
#[WEDIDITBOYS](http://imgur.com/a/NeRSe)

#\#MAKEGRAVESGREATAGAIN
There it is. Let's kill some lungs!
I support this... /all/ of this... ;)
Lord Tachanka is the one true savior
I don't care about LOL but if it pisses the righteous pricks I will upvote it !!!
WE DID IT REDDIT!
MARCDELIVER
league is better then dota

First step for that Graves Rework.
No but seriously, if this was due to Australia not allowing Tobacco or some shit why not just update the splash for every other server but theirs.
WE DID IT BOIS
Tfw when it's April 1st, but you want this to be true
[It's made it!!](http://imgur.com/a/Cu0zQ)
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
If this happens I'll start playing again
It is there.
we made it
I don't have anything special to say. I just wanted to be a part of this legendary day.
LOL IS IN THE TOP! LMAO WELCOME BACK OLD GRAVES
April fools..hehexd
I've never upvoted something so fast in my life.
Data.
And my post
We did it! XD omg all those splasharts reworked, I feel it coming
Why did they remove it?
Commenting after seeing this on the top of /r/all. Good job.

#YOU DID IT!
WE CAN DO IT, JUST BELIEVE
Fuck this gon be easy

So proud of Graves for not giving up on smoking.
I don't know what all the commotion is about, but, it is
MAKE LEAGUE GREAT AGAIN!
TO THE FUCKING TOP
GRAVES DESERVE HIS CIGAR! GIVE HIS CIGAR BACK. WE SHOULD ALSO HAVE A GRAVES FLAIR WITH THE CIGAR
HERE WE GO!
Why would you post something this suspicious on April Fool's day if there's no bamboozle?
High energy
Oh damn fuck you, it's April 1st damn 
I don't even know what's going on in this post or sub today (other than it's April's fools day in parts of the world already), but I like it. 
If he can have his cigar maybe other beloved characters can too!
 *cough* tychus *cough*
do your part bois
lets go
Dota 2 player here. This T_D parody is GENIUS.
what!?

People are falling for April fool's jokes even before April fool's day...
All I want in life is a cigar in Graves' mouth
http://imgur.com/jxHVMfA
we did it

I WAS HERE. I HELPED.
pls
April fools everyone...

*Sobs silently*
It is at the top of /r/all.  Betcha we still don't see a cigar.  But /u/simplifyeuw is reaping them internet points.
We did it boys
We did it
As someone who hasn't played League in awhile I didn't even realise they took away his cigar. What was the reasoning for that?
I ~~upvoted~~ upmarced for the cigar. Vivos King Graves!
april fools?
4 hours ago it wasn't April first yet so that means this is real right?
Plz
I'm expecting graves to have a cigar dammit!
LETS DO IT REDDIT
I NEED MY GRAVES CIGAR
[We did it, reddit!](http://imgur.com/v52DLDf)
Bump
LET'S DO IT GU-

*looks at the date*

Well played, Merril, well played. 
r/leagueoflegends: *hits top post of r/all* ~ Marc: haha april fools
SHURIMA SHALL MAKE THIS POST RISE
Who is Marc Merrill?
oh my fuckin god

[deleted]
I've never been so proud of this sub! We did it REDDIT!
Don't play with my head like that riot :(
Sounds like an April Fools joke
OMGGGG
So fucking stupid they took it away.  It's ok that he fucking shoots and kills people but tobacco is crossing the line?  
Go go go!
legit 101
Inb4 April fools
Le Arteezy Army has arrived ! rtzW 
CIGARRRRR
WE DID IT.
AYY WE DID IT
i dotn believe u

the power of democracy ladies and gentlemen
MAKE CIGAR GRAVES AGAIN
I know nothing about LoL, but I'll help out 
upvoted and commented.... anything more i can do!?!?!?!?!?!?

WE CAN DO IT REDDIT, MAKE LOL GREAT AGAIN

*Looks at calendar*

Oh. :(
Here is my masterpiece. A funcional project ashe bow for my cossplay of her. it took me more than a houndred hours and eighty euros (with a lot of recycled materials and others that i already had) but i think all the effort has been worthit, enjoy. (sorry for the quality)

It's bigger than you. So cool.
with a bow that big, which i feel like is "to scale" with ashe's model in game, no wonder she can shoot frozen arrows from nexus to nexus.
A cosplay with Project Ashe next then you're godmode tbh. Great job!
That’s wicked, well done. I don’t believe I’ve ever seen a working one before. 

You’ll have to share your complete cosplay when you get round to it.
Thats insane mate Holy fuck!
Truly spectacular.  Epic effort my dude.
The Brotherhood of Steel wants to know your location.
Holy moly, see you in hot in couple hours, great freaking job
Do you main Ashe
ok that's surely the coolest cosplay prop I've ever seen
That. 

Is. 


Badass.
Shut up and take my money lol
You deserve all the up votes you can get, that is really impressive!
Do you plan to do the arrow and the bird as well? Would love to see you post the full cosplay when you're done with it
Holy crap this is so insanely dope!
That's amazing, how much does it weight tho?
If you ever get your hands on a proper bow, DO NOT dry fire! Releasing the string without an arrow might, and probably will, destroy the bow, and also possibly hurt you.

Nevertheless, great work!

Edit: spelling
I like
Thats insane bro
LeGendS nEvEr DIe iNtEnsiFies
Wow that’s actually insane props!
yooooo, i want one aswell now. Amazing job
That is the coolest item for any cosplay I’ve seen since the functional ruby rose scythe, and that’s by a slim margin only- does that actually fire some skinned arrows, even if not very functionally? I do hope we all get to see the finish project one way or another on the rest of the cosplay’
Ngl I hate LoL, the pacing isnt my thing, but I came across this in popular and I just-
That’s absolutely amazing man, I’m very impressed. Great job!
That's super cool! Can you explain a little bit more about the mechanics and the LEDs?
At least 350 euros
Holy fuck dude this looks amazing!! Great work man
So fucking epic my goodness
Holy fuck balls
Dude you literally went with Ashes quote of "I am the Bow" and made it reality.
I hope you'll share the finished cosplay!!!
Is this bow meant for Braum ?
That is so sick man
Holy fuck that’s awesome man
My guy that's is totally sick
Only 80? Wow
Bro wtf am I doing with my life?
Oh my god, it’s a PS5 Bow.








But seriously, that is amazingly good.
I’ve never even played league but my dude that is fuckin sick. Nice work! post more updates??
THIS IS THE CONTENT WE NEED
you could probably sell that for twice the value and people would buy it. just sayin
You’re cossplaying Ashe???
Nice! I hope you can post the full cosplay when it's done.
Really insane. Awesome.
Looks awesome.
That is incredible
The bow is really good looking!
That's fucking wild, props to you dude
Hot damn. That’s some good work you have there! Can’t wait to see the full set!
Epic
that's amazing dude
Bro this is the best bow I have ever seen.
Nice, keep it up
Make Spider-man web shooters or something like that. You can make a lot of money dude, that's talent right there.
I wish I was as cool as you.
Love the blue LED’s. They look immersive and full on the bow!
I wish I was at talented as you are
If you were pursuing a career in mechanical engineering and recreated this in some CAD Software you'd have a great talking point for interviews with this one.
This is fucking beautiful! We stan the talent!!!
Are the blue parts LED lit?   Damn good job!!!
That's pretty wild, looks great!
POG!
This is one of my cosplay goals, you did such a great job! 😍 love it
It’s to small needs to be bigger
Dude upload some HQ pics of this beast!
Okay that's pretty damn sick, good job
It looks awesome!!!
That’s so sick man! Go post that in r/archery they’ll love that
Wow! That is huge!
Very cool! Nice work 👍
Wow, that bow is on point! Great work. Any arrows to shoot the stars with?
That's pretty damn awesome
Can you make it so it would create a hologram of you when you dance?

Kidding aside, this is awesome!
Dammn coool
That's so fucking dope
That is A MA ZING!
FUCK YES
Holy fucking duck dude this is so cool.
You like like you're in Dark Souls
That’s
Dope. Great work. Amazing work. Keep at it man.
Just... AWESOME
I could imagine that Riot would buy that off of you, no kidding
Holy fuck
That looks dope! I hope you share your full cosplay here too!
That’s awesome! Do you also have arrows?
This is pretty cool! Looks amazing! Nice job!
Talent in league community never disappointed
Worth
Masterpiece
5000th like lets go
Bravo, incredible work.
Dat Ashe tho
Didnt know ashe was a giant.

Jokes aside, cool work dude
It would be a cherrry on top if the blue light changes color when engaged
Holy shit
Okg always dreamed to be able to make something like this for my cosplays! 🤩🤩🤩 awesome work man!!
Wow! This is amazing! Are you planning on making a giant arrow too?
I wonder what I would have been capable if only i had parents that supported hobbies rather than made fun of them.
...sneaky?
Great bow but fuck dude what did you use to record that, a Nokia 3310 ? 🤦‍♂️
That cost you £80? Amazing work!
This is kind of off-topic, but I have the same spherical lamp in the video! I think it’s from ikea?
I love you Bro
Bow looks absolutely amazing, but if you plan to be the cosplayer I would recommend looking at a video or two of professional archers and how they draw and fire their bows. There are a few techniques (one of which I know is for drawing one with a higher than normal draw weight for the individual) but any of them would do. As it is your draw looks off which may make the cosplay itself look awkward.

Still, great job on the bow.
Holy fuck dude. NIOCE.
Are you gonna make arrows for it? Just for the image even, would be so friggin cool (not that it isn’t the coolest thing ever already)
Once your done with your cosplay/event what will you do with it? If you sell it after, you basically paid for your college education. That looks fucking sick!
I’m upvoting the fact the bow bends the limbs and doesn’t just have a stretchy string. 10/10
Sorry for quality?
My man, the quality of the job more than compensates for the video quality.
This is satisfying to watch. Good job!
You must be a Ferrari pusher with that standard it's awesome
You made that with €80,- on materials? Amazing
Well done mate
Awesome, just awesome. Great job.
I think you brought a tear to Adam Savage's eyes
Insane
You’re gonna cosplay as Ashe? This is going to be interesting.
HOLY FUCK THIS IS AMAZING
That looks sooooooo cool!! You did an amazing job 👏👏
Dude that’s so fuxking awesome
Never played the game or seen the character but super impressed at your homemade cosplay item. Great detail and functionality. Don’t stop doing what you love.
You should sell it, bet you would get at least $400.00 for it. An Ashe main would love it.
thats awsome
Reslly cool
Bruh i cannot put how impressed i am that someone can do this with 80 euros to words.i wish reddit awards werent so damn expensive
Stop using it indoor, you're hitting the ceiling.
Dude this is badass!!  You should keep doing this!
This is awesome and I dont even play league
everyone's just gonna ignore the fact that he's got the death star hovering above his head?
from /r/all

I have no idea what it is, but it's fucking cool
Cool.  If you cosplay this consider looking up proper Archery stance. The bow string should be drawn to your face. A lot of people use their nose or lips as an anchor point.
That is amazing. Good work!!
This is the kind of stuff I want to see on this sub, that actually looks sick af. Great work!
Nice
Dope absolute job well done :○
The best league thing I have ever seen period.
Now get some liquid nitrogen for on-command ice and you're set!
Goddamn! What a great fucking result! Go you, especially for using recycled materials too!’
Despite all that hard work people will still ask you to take your shoes off and leave the cyber bow at the door.
Damn man, that is cool.
I don't even know what tf this sub is about but that's a badass looking bow!
Good looking. Does it throw arrows far?
Fucking amazing
Thats amazing man howd you do it always wonder how shit like this happens i cant even use a tv remote
Post this to r/nextfuckinglevel.
This is absolutely NUTTY. How did you create this?
I love the sound it makes
This is awesome. Nice work!
can you make one of your friends wear a black costume and stick an arrow shape on him so when you fire he can crouch and walk in the direction you fired, top 10 comedic effects of 2020 material
Awesome man, keep it up !
I mean, it's absolutely bonkers amazing. But it's ridiculously larger than it needs to be and it really takes away from the magnificence of it because it just looks hilarious when you're trying to use it.
Esta realmente guapo y es enorme. Cuanto pesa eso? Tiene que ser unos 10 kilos por lo menos
That really is a masterpiece. Great job kiddo. I'm jealous lol!
could you actually shoot something with it?
I love that Ikea's Death Star lamp. I literally bought it because I saw it on 9gag, I immediately knew I had to get that and few years later I finally bought it. 

What is even more cool is that it has different color options and I have seen it even in trendy college girls flats, which look like straight from some designer magazine. It's not just a boy-thing, it's just a really cool lamp.
As an Ashe main....you win the Internet
Amazing!
 try to find a girl with white hair that is very very tall, then you will have an ultimate tier cosplay
first play reddit/All
This is beyond gorgeous, incredible work
At first I thought it was a little kid holding that bow 😶
r/nextfuckinglevel
Sweet dude,  awesome work!
Goddamn, u r genius, dude🤘🏻
The fact that your firing it without ammunition is terrifying me
I took some truffels and enjoyed seeing this. Wow.
Careful going out. Cops might think you're a threat.
Holy shit!
What did you make it out of??
Impressive
No idea what Project Ashe is, but that is damn cool.
Pulling the string back without firing an arrow damages the bow, doesn't it?

Really nice work though!! Can't wait to show this to my league/archery mates
I'll take three.
‘Tis a masterpiece, ‘tis true.
Oh boi i have the same lamp
No se cuantos españoles habra aqui pero me ha hecho mucha gracia el avisa del principio jajajajajaja, esta increible buen trabajo!!!
Holy shit
Amazing job, it's unfortunate to see the scale is off. Basing it directly off of character models, that is. I'd recommend making cardboard prototypes to get that scaling on point. Great work none the less.
Post this to r/nextfuckinglevel ! Insanely good job, I can't believe you've done that all by yourself, it's very impressing.
I don't know i think about league of legends...but that...thats cool AF son!
First I thought it was a picture and was like, 100 hours seems like a lot to paint something. Then I realized it's a video and it shoots, this thing looks awesome, great job.
Shouldn’t dry fire it, you could crack it. Just kidding, it’s very neat
I want 6200 of these marching to the white house.

Edit:*6200
Damn. So cool
Jesus fucking Christ who’s gonna use it? Sandy Allen?
Nice work man, props!! 

Get it.....props.....
[deleted]
I know nothing about this game, but that looks sick
Can you shoot it tho ... ?
You're now qualified as Anor Londo Archer
holy shit if that isn't the coolest thing ever?! keep it up buddy!
Awesome and talented!
That style of bow is called Limb Lever if anyone was wondering
Ikea lamp!
No wonder I can't kite anything as ashe. How can you move around with a bow this big?

And by the end of the game your arm is so tired...
Impressive. Now let's see you shoot rapid fire.
I’d absolutely love to see the full cosplay
Not into LoL, but this is amazing and truly next level. Great job!
This is amazing! I love me some Ashe!
Meanwhile, I’m sitting on my fatass playing lol, scrolling through Reddit, and watching anime.
Man this is so cool, good job on making this
That looks amazing!!! Great job! Can't wait to see the whole ensemble.
I can't tell if the bow is way too massive, or the person wielding it is just small.
You should just go outside and start shooting at a bunch of hooded midgets for gold
This is the coolest shit I have ever seen on this sub.
Looks super sweet
I'm counting on you to get us in Kid!

May the odds be ever in our favor for getting past venue security with this amazing bow. Make sure you check their policies, cause this thing looks mighty!

Your skill is an asset to the cause!

GG WP  
(ex) rito terablo
I would have expected that to cost more, incredible!
O. M. G. I just fell in love with it <3
My karma is now your karma
Do you main ashe?
Great work dude
Awesome
yo wtf
Nice
This dude is gonna survive 2020
That's actually really cool. Things massive.
Amazing.
I have no idea what game or show this is from (sorry I'm old) but great job!!! This looks awesome!!!
Looks hot. 

And the bow looks nice too. 

Nice curves 

Uh.

I was talking about the bow?
Holy moly, this is awesome! Gj, OP!
(Sorry for te quality) POG
And looks like you found your passion career. That is something someone would easily buy. 1kplus for
80 euros is deceptively cheap for how well made it looks. You could make some decent change if you sell it when your done. Or even make more to order
 Clean as life
As someone who plays way too much Ashe, this is the kinda shit that gets me jazzed as fuck. You nailed that shit.
Wonderful Monad!
Holy sh*t.
Ooo you have that cool ikea lamp
That's awesome
2 words: HOLY FUCK.
riot should sell stuff like that
Holy shit
Actual King
Whoa. Well done mang!
Good stuff my man
Holy shit
That thing is super fucking cool, dude
That’s fkin awesome
OP: "sorry for the quality"

Reddit: "tryna steel my job, eh?"
holy shit that draw/release is satisfying. you have talent.
That's super dope!
Badass buddy
Noice
Not made of true ice. 2/10... /sarcasm
You have talent!
OMG This is AMAZING!  If you ever did WIP photos I would love to see them.
that's fokin sweet bruv
Thats fucjing crazy
Nice
Dis wild 💕
This is the most impressive thing I’ve seen in awhile. Truly beautiful. Love it!!!
Damn it looks amazing
I now understand the reason cosplay exists.

That is impressive.
Now put speakers in it with the dance audio!
How old are you? You look 11
*Accidentally ults someone in china*
Nice work.
that's freaking dope man 👏
That's really cool!
this is the coolest thing ive seen on reddit
Amazing job! I look forward to seeing everything you come up with next!
It's beautyfull
this is freaking phenomenal dude
Damn it looks amazing!
Would it be possible to figure out a way for both if the bow "arms" to bend at the same time?
Small detail but if you have soare time you should maybe look in ti it ;)
Dang that’s pretty cool.
Can you obliterate something with it, like, please
Amazed, muito bom mesmo.
Duuuuude that shit is siiiiiiick!
Good job! I love it! Can't wait to see the final cosplay :)
I like this  
A LOT

How was this made?  
I'd love to see the process behind it
Looks cool, good job
Fucking sick
yo that looks absolutely sick mann, great effort!!
This guys going to be working at Riot for sure
This is fucking sick, being able to create this kinda stuff is my dream
You're a bank employee and you are getting robbed and the first thing you see is this.
Please bless this man with Masters
Looks awesome and recycled! My man!
“How do you like the curves? I was TALKING ABOUT THE BOW.”

Love the curves.
That looks like the ps5😂😂🤣
what a beast!!
Awesome job!! 💙
That's fucking sick.
looking forward to see that cosplay
most conventions wont allow functional weapons, so youll have to make the string very loose if you ever wanna take it in public. Super dope tho
Magnificent
Isn't it to much big 

I mean it's rly in your high
Damn, exceptional stuff!
Holy shit, my man's made it almost to the top of top of all time in less than a day. Very well deserved
Is there a how to make it video ?! 😍😍😍
thats epic great job man!
its long long man
C super bien fait! Bravo 👏🏽
My god. That looks so sick. Amazing job
It’s a mASHEterpiece bro
80 euros is nothing considering you could probably sell it for 500
Wtf thats literally so sick dude, this should go to an art gallery
HOLY WOW
That’s amazing, I’m working on my Jinx cosplay and I wish my pow pow / fishbones looked at good and professional as that good luck and I can’t wait to see the finished cosplay.
COOOL!
Congratulations! In the history of this subreddit, only the thread that returned Graves' cigar and the thread that announced Tyler1 being unbanned received more upvotes.

And you might surpass them yet!
Please show us your full cosplay when you're done! This bow is a true masterpiece, totally cosplay goals!!!
You gotta save all of your creations and bring them as examples when you go for that position at WetaWorkshop in the future! You have tons of potential and we are all excited to see what you create next!!
Due to all the support, I'm gonna post some more creation that even been far of been this good, I think people will like it. Maybe I post it in r/cosplay or r/props
Tienes un talento increíble!
How did you do the lights?
Hella sick
Are you like 1,70 or is that bow just really big?
“Avarosa guide me”
“In 200 feet, turn left”
Great work DoinB, nice to see you getting creative in your free time
Give me that right fucking now
Edit: spelling
I’ve never played league of legends, but it still looks cool
Imagine he's in his way to a cosplay convention then the string just snaps
That's really cool! nice job dude
masterpiece is the word for it
Looking at this made me go from iron 2 to silver 4
wow bro thats sick
The bow might be bigger than him but it doesn't even begin to compare to the size of his penis.
Looks amazing.
Bro this is second all time highest up votes
hablaste espanol? Btw that is amazing, the sound aswell
That’s bonkers. Incredibly done. I can’t wait to see your full cosplay
I never knew that guys rp ashe. Pretty cool
Not Bad.
Hey! Really cool bow but i just am thinking how much does it weigh?
 Very nice!!!
Is beautiful
Maaan that's awesome !!
Yessss I saw this on r/ashemains why’d it take you so long to post this is DOPE
FUCKING W SPAM!
indeed masterpiece , excellent!
Honestly, pretty cool for a project done by the kid, good job buddy
Holyshiiiit this is so coollllll!!! Do you have a tutorial on how you did it? Would love to try it when I get better at cosplaying and making them hihi
It can also be a Sova bow.
I'm 30 and I want to be like you when I grow up.
That's amazing! :D
That is Awesome!
One day you'll grow up and then you can wield it!
Thought it was Sova's bow
Now you just need 20lbs of tits and ass and u have the perfect cosplay
Holy fuck thats so awesome
absolute unit
This could double as Sovas bow in valorant. I heard his ult this whole video.
“Functional” as in it shoots arrows or functional as in it lights up and bends when you pull the string?
Tyler1 unbanned from League of Legends
[Unbanned](https://twitter.com/lol_tyler1/status/948995352102924288) 

From tweet: "AFTER 613 DAYS OF INTENSE REHAB I AM FINALLY UNBANNED FROM LEAGUE OF LEGENDS"

Second tweet: "WILL START STREAMING AGAIN MONDAY 3PM CT LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"

The most toxic League of Legends player Tyler1 has been unbanned after a long awaited reforming period, showing the world that even the most toxic of players can reform.
Would like to give a friendly reminder to everyone that the downvote button is not a disagree button! Downvote if topics do not contribute to the discussion, but disagreements over the status of the removal are fine, so long as they are civil. 

As always, keep it clean!

Edit: Adding for clarity to please read the [Reddiquette](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette), in context to downvoting:

> In regard to voting

>**Downvote an otherwise acceptable post because you don't personally like it.** Think before you downvote and take a moment to ensure you're downvoting someone because they are not contributing to the community dialogue or discussion. If you simply take a moment to stop, think and examine your reasons for downvoting, rather than doing so out of an emotional reaction, you will ensure that your downvotes are given for good reasons.

Have a good night, folks!

Why do i get the feeling that people are going to neverendingly troll him in the hopes of goading him to be toxic? This could very well be short lived.
Tyler1 Unchained.
Wow, about time Erobb221's brother got unbanned.
Sanjuro died for this.

We gucci boys, we gucci...
Legit broke reddit servers
I sacrifice my Riot Sanjuro to special summon Tyler1 from the Graveyard!
God bless sanjuro
One day, when my kids ask me, "grandpa, where were you when Tyler1 was unbanned?.."

I'll pull up this message and say, "I was right here, doing my duty, shitposting with the best of them..." 
Tyler1 about to overtake QT in views now.
say hi to r/all
[removed]
As we’ve said before, we don’t comment on the ban status of ID banned players. 

On a totally unrelated note, my desk at work is looking clean af right now https://i.imgur.com/tVZRB7u.jpg
[TFW I finally have mana](https://imgflip.com/i/224ueo)
How many viewers do you guys think he's going to get? easily 50k+
He will start streaming League starting from monday!
https://twitter.com/lol_tyler1/status/948995352102924288

Could we get the Unchained Draven skin for this historical moment? 
To celebrate it, Riot should increase Caitlyn's mana regen.
Just putting my mark on history 
I have a question, sorry for my ignorance I am still new to reddit.

This is the top post on the frontpage, in /r/all. On the left hand side where the upvote count usually is, there is just a "1" with an arrow pointing up. Is that normal for every post that reaches the top slot?

Was this artificially put on the top slot on the frontpage of /r/all and that's why the upvote number and percentage is hidden? Just curious. Have fun with League of Legends everyone
After 3 shit days of 2018 , finally some good news.
#I like Tyler1   

&nbsp;

I enjoy watching Tyler1 on Twitch. He is my favorite streamer.

When he is unbanned, I think to myself "yes".   
When he is banned, I think to myself "no".

Thank you ~~riot~~ Sanjuro. Your sacrifice will be remembered. 
Should've put (erobb221's brother) in the title so people know who you are talking about
Probably the best thing that’s happen to him. Tyler loves this game so much. I’ve never seen someone put so much time and effort into being good at something ever. He is overly passionate about this game and being one of the best. I’ve watched him countless times reach masters and almost challenger within such short periods of time (due to streaming) which is insane to me. I know there are some people out there who still don’t think he deserves to be unbanned but give credit where credit is due. For months he has held his composure and proved to everyone he can play the game without flaming. This game (imo) can be really fucking stupid and frustrating but yet tyler still held through and showed all of you that he really WANTS this and he is reformed. I’m excited to watch him grow off of something he loves now and I hope you are as well 
HE TWEETED IT AT 11:11 BOYS

WISHES DO COME TRUE
Source: his Twitter 

[Link to his tweet](https://twitter.com/lol_tyler1/status/948995352102924288) 

Welcome to another episode of "r/leagueoflegends breaks Reddit!" This episode: Tyler1's unbanning... 
[deleted]
[deleted]
POGGERS
I enjoy watching Tyler1 play League of Legends. He is my favorite professional player.

When he get a kill, I think to myself "yes".

When the other team kill him, I think to myself "no".
[deleted]
I’m not sure if Tyler1 was actually the most toxic player. He was just the most famous toxic player.
First match Draven banned LUL
Tyler1 ran right down the middle lane of my heart. Its gonna be a good 2018 everybody.
The millions of "FREE TYLER1" people have spent hours spamming on various league streams were indeed not in vain. #FREETYLER1
And on Monday when the Draven bans skyrocket...
Bold move streaming Monday when 95% of his fanbase is back in school.
he's not the most toxic league player, you may argue he's the most infamous one but old Tyler seems mild compared to some EUW guys.
#1 /r/all boys :\^)
Omae wa mou, Sanjuro!
Grossgore has to shave off his head now
first game back, draven gets banned.
Sanjuro on suicide watch.
I barely play league and I know this is some fucking news, wow.
Sanjuro died for this 
If you told me 2 years ago that this would be on the frontpage or /r/lol I would have never believed it.

Honestly good for him, I hope he gets even bigger than he already is
To celebrate the unbanning of Tyler1, lets beg Riot for an Unchained Draven skin!

[deleted]
UNCHAINEDDD
If tyler1 is able to play again, does that make him eligible to compete in the TCS? 
I would lose my shit if he came back and was twice as toxic as before for like 2 games.
The chosen thread
Inb4 he gets banned again
HE HAS BEEN FREED
[When you're hungry for a bit of karma](https://imgur.com/a/IQ5kd)
He starting his stream at 3pm. Showing Qt respect.
It's been... what 18 months? 

The real victim here is QT, who is gonna lose half his viewerbase.
i never thought l would be hyped to watch a Twitch stream.
now what am i supposed to put on my sign at words :(
Only r/leaugeoflegends could bring Reddit admins out of their hiding holes. We made history today. 
Ultra Instinct T1
Jesus Christ. If this gets enough upvotes it will be the first result when people search for "Jesus Christ"

Jesus Christ’s last words on the cross:
 “Wait that ACTUALLY killed me...”
#*THE IDEAL MALE BODY*
God bless you and
*Dies and goes to heaven* 


"Thank you thank you thank you... And welcome to the big dick club"
To all those coming from /r/all this man is the greatest man to walk the plains of mortal kind. 

Ladies and gentlemen. One cannot express how immaculate the genius himself plays this video game. If there is a gaming God, this man would be that God. 

Let me tell you the story of Michael Santana. This is a man, better than all men. He has no equal. His entry to the scene was one that didn't go unnoticed. Though, as with the biblical hero known as the son of God, this man had to go through hardships to get to where he is. The self proclaimed greatest player in the League's history. Michael "**imaqtpie**" Santana was the ADC on team dignitas from 2011 to 2014 with a bunch of monkeys, carrying them to a world's performance. Let me tell you this man, the founder of the big dick club and the winner of the Domino's streamer of the year 2017 award, is a man among men. He has since retired from pro play to give the other players in the league a chance to shine in the spotlight. As a streamer Michael Santana makes more money than anyone would ever hope to make in a lifetime and continues to play the game he loves. He has inspired many of the young to chase after the dream of going pro. Might I say he has had a resurrection in the spirits of young League gamers around the world. One could say that he truly is the Jesus Christ of the League scene. 

No man can match up to this. While in the way of accolades he is lacking, he is a true genius. If you were to ask his colleagues at the time they would tell you the exact same. That the man, the myth, the legend, Imaqtpie is the true Jesus Christ. Let no one tell you otherwise. Besides, we've never seen Michael and Jesus in the same room so I'll let you figure that out. 

P.S. Thanks /r/all for checking out the League of legends subreddit!
SMALL GOD WATERUDOIN?

[deleted]
Of all of the posts with this kind of joke, this is the best one.

God bless you op
Guys, if we all repost the same comments every time, we'll all get double the karma
r/all will be confused. But than again thats nothing special anymore.
does this actually work? and can someone give me an example of a time this has?
To be fair, QT probably looks more like what Jesus did / would have (choose your own adventure) than what we see depicted in most churches.

Jesus was not pasty white. He was / would have been born in Bethlehem, south of Jerusalem. Jerusalem. In the middle east. On the Mediterranean. Jesus. Was. /. Wouldn't. Have. Been. Pasty.

Jesus also probably woulda been rank 1 challenger
The one and only true god creation.
BlessRNG
"DOOT DIDDLY DONGER CUCKERINO HAHA"

 Memes 420:69
Cat.
I mean you don’t expect Jesus to have perfect teeth and eye sight back then, do ya, punk? 
This is probably what he looked like anyway so I'm good with this. Have an updoot. 
Sigh....  unzips.
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
Oh geez it’s our lord savior, Jesus Christ.
doot
This only works if uploaded on imgur btw
His last words were "I'm fuckin' trolling"
Talented at guide writing and shit posting I see.
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ JesusJesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ  Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ 
The Holy Pepperino himself!
Google removed the algo to put this stuff at the top when you search though
Please make this happen Reddit, we can do it !!
> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ> Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ

Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
***Y I K E S***
God himself
Give him gold please
woah

[Jesus Christ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G8Iz06nVAJc)
I will find you and when I do, I will stand behind you and sing a repetitive song out of tune for the rest of your natural life (yours because I'm thirteen and you're clearly over 30 and single) unless you PM me that God, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit is the only God and is nothing less than a being to be worshiped in all his holines and then delete this post immediately afterwards.And believe you me, by the time you die, you will either have seen my promise fulfilled or the our good lord and savior smile as Satan escorts you to hell. You have been warned...
*PRAY FOR IMAQTPIE*
Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ 
Jesus Christ
God bless everyone
Top level shitposting today!
What a goofy looking mother fucker.
JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST
John Romero junior.
that's not jesus, that's tahm kench with hair
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
The Google algorithm doesn't work that way anymore

No
Bless this young man
r/jesuschristreddit literally
Jesus fucking christ <3
this is great..
We probably need like 100k upvotes to even have a chance to pop up anywhere near the top of the google image search. 
Lol this is funny
You have just entered the big dick club
Guys, if we all repost the same comments every time, we'll all get double the karma


for the fuck of it lets go!
The holy spirit is using his heal on ME? ON ME? WHAT THE FUCK??
#I CANNOT LOSE RIGHT NOW, I CANNOT LOSE SMALL CAT!
Hell yeah
*gets crucified* What the f**k did that really kill me?
Jesus Christ ...
ALL HAIL THE BIG DICK BANDITO
Yo they turned Trundle into a real thing Poggers

MICHAEL SANTANA
This has a lot of upvotes. I guess you could say that our lord has risen.
Who could for get dear rat boy. 
SMAHKET
Such a cutiepie
Does it work this way? I don't think reddit's image hosting is google bound, the other posts worked because it was an imgur host and that affects google. I might be wrong though, well played on the karma.
How did we get a picture of Jesus?!? Praise be to Easter.
This one requires effort from all of us but it can happen!
I see you've survived elo hell for three full days, welcome to the big dick club, my friend.
It's simple. We gild the fatman.
Today marks the day our Savior rose from the grave.  QTpie is a entertaining edge lord but hardly someone to put your faith into.  Be careful making fun of God.

Rom 8:1  There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus
imaqtpie is the easter bunny
If QT is Jesus, who is Chapanya?
He has Riven indeed 
Finally a shitpost I can get behind
S 

  H

     M

         A

            L

               L

                  K

                     E

                        T

                          🐈
I haven't played League or watched his stream in a while. Is this goofy fucker still around and kickin'? I really do not miss playing with him hahahh
Why though? I thought it was already obvious that qt is our lord and savior, sent to us by the almighty Merrill.
what a fucking qt π
Qtpie is a genuinely good dude, here's my upvote
The upvote-cannon that is r/leagueoflegends is finally busting dem votes out again
Beautiful human. Qt for president.
Hell yeah
Hell yea
I'm depressed because I'll never be as good looking as imaqtpie.
Welcome to the big dick club.
Hi There
Who else could be Jesus Christ other than the Domino's streamer of the year.
Does this mean Dyrus is Judas?
Guys, if we all repost the same comments every time, we'll all get double the karma
My only regret is only having 1 upvote. 
I've never really taken the time to realize how good of name he has. True genius
His gums look like they've been 1v1 plaque and losing.
Those chompers get me every time.  
o7
I love Michael Santana with all of my heart 
Micheal Santana is the second coming
Michaels come to see us! Jesus Christ be praised.
God Bless.
Dong is risen
xdey

Well now.  There's a proposition we can't not refuse.  
Holy xD
He died for our junglers sins
then he decided to quit the lcs and chill in america
Make sure we all comment it too so the keyword shows up as higher relevancy Jesus Christ
He fed for our Sins
Wait. That killed me!? "Ressurects on  the 3rd day(some seconds on summoners rift)"
Jesus imaqtipie 
Jesus Christ
we gotta pump these numbers up!
Jesus christ 
Did we did it?
 Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Chris Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
Not the case anymore I guess
Cm is best
[removed]
Jesus christ
We are all saved by Jesus Christ on this blessed day
JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST
How about no? 
There are about to be so many confused christian children hahaha
My first login, upvote and comment in ages.

Mindless horde of consumers and trolls, I greet you and shall no longer claim to be above you.

Still better Christ than the original, fo sho
Gets carried more than he does anything else OMEGALUL
T1 Forever Fuck any other ADC Main
I accept my lord and savior.
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ 
pls...at least on easter be respectfull for the one who believes....
╭━━━━╮               This is Jeff. Help  
╰┃ ┣▇━▇                Jeff take over  
 ┃ ┃  ╰━▅╮ Reddit by posting  
 ╰┳╯ ╰━━┳╯        him in 5 other   
  ╰╮ ┳━━╯            threads or he  
 ▕▔▋ ╰╮╭━╮   will never be a meme  
╱▔╲▋╰━┻┻╮╲╱▔▔▔╲    
▏  ▔▔▔▔▔▔▔  O O┃  
╲╱▔╲▂▂▂▂╱▔╲▂▂▂╱  
 ▏╳▕▇▇▕ ▏╳▕▇▇▕  
 ╲▂╱╲▂╱ ╲▂╱╲▂╱

JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST JESUS CHRIST 
Jesus Christ
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
copy cat from /r/freefolk wow
End me.

april fools day on this sub has turned into league addicts anonymous
This is 11/10 level truth
And yet here I am 9 years later
Downloaded LoL again a few weeks ago. Couldn’t remember my set up from back then so had to remake. Few games in and I realized why I don’t play it anymore. Brings out a side to me I forgot existed
big facts 🗣
I look forward to it every night and regret it afterward.
Haven’t played in two years. It’s my favourite game.
Thinking about playing One For All.

Playing One For All.

I swear it's been miserable. I just always seem to end up in terrible matchups, or 2-3 people have no idea how to play the champ or stay safe until they hit a power spike.

I will say, my two best games have been pooping on Yasuo though. Once with Yi, and one with Galeo.
League was described as a "depression-genre game" in one of my games yesterday
Definitely relate

Got to my promos ez no problem, first game, 2/11 azir on my team into a velkoz = loss, okay next game np

I get a sett top with 1000 ping, fine, teemo mid (actually made it work so great) and then a kalista who links to the jungle instead of me (support) and then goes 0/3/1 and rage quits at lv 8 

Swear to god riot dont want me to rank up anymore
[deleted]
This is so true it hurts.  


I wake up feeling fresh, ready for another day of quarantine and epic gaming. Sit down at computer, catch up on the news, get my snacks ready. Log into LoL, motivated to try my best and climb that elo.  


Get an Ahri ADC and Mumu Mid that troll and go a combined 1/23, lose game. Get BOTH of them in my next lobby, dodge, get dodge timer.  


Log out, play sad boi music.  


Jump on twitch, watch twitch streamers make awesome plays and having fun, get motivated to log in again to play.  


Mid Yasuo goes 0/4 to Zed in the first 7min, no ganks, just losing 1v1's. Blames 'jg diff' and flames our jg then starts running it down mid, legit just click on enemy nexus and run from base to how ever far he gets before he dies. Keeps flaming jg (who actually is doing bad but not troll bad or game losingly bad)  


jg gets tilted and start trolling and they are each trying to out troll each other by taking turns stealing cs from each other in the jg and mid and both of them running to top and bot to ks or just int.  


Lose game.  


Next game you get a bot lane duo that are first timing champs, go a combined 3/18 and feed enemy kalista/veigar. Trolling, flaming, tilting and negativity abound.  


Lose game.  


Get into next lobby, see people troll picking or being dicks, dodge cause i don't want to lose more LP without a fair fight in game.   


Dodge timer, log out, sad boi music.  


Its now been 4hrs since i rolled out of bed full of positivity. I realize that my 'epic month of quarantine gaming' is actually a cruel joke and I'm depressed af, i wanna go out for dinner or see my friends and family.
me thinking about playing sylas vs farming on sylas
"League is fun with friends" they say, but the truth is people who play League probably don't have any friends.
I get home from work with such a great mindset, then get q'd into jungle and get flamed for 15 minutes before my adc goes AFK.... this hits home. Add a 14 day suspension for using bad words and were right there!
'I think Predator nasus jungle could be cool' opens up league 'gl hf guys trying new build' goes 0/5, entire team wants me to kms.
I peaked at like silver 2 about 3 years ago, and stopped playing. Wanted to play again, made a new account, tried to play, and my first game back in pubs I get shit blasted for not warding my jungle enough, building 1 wrong item, and didn’t Gank top enough. I get told they can’t believe how shit I am, how could I not be better, and then reported by my team. Haven’t played in 3 years and hadn’t unlocked flash or smite yet. The entire game is full of smurfs which kills new player entry. It’s not even fun to learn the game, because you get shit on so hard
League is fun. The players aren’t.
Years after quitting, this rings as true as anything I've ever seen

Thanks for shitting all over me, community!

--Ex-Support Main, no I didn't want to play support but it's not my fault you were feeding
tft saved my mental tbh, now i only play it
Promos are like torture. Worst ranked system I have had the pleasure of experiencing.
Every time
This has been me a lot recently. I made my first two guides on Moba Fire, and while writing them I was coming up with ideas I want to try out to see if I could add something cool to the guides, but then when I log into LoL I'm just like "but I don't really want to though..."
Expectations and Reality
I just downloaded League for the first time in years to play some quarantine games with friends, turns out account was perma-banned in my absence.  Op.gg shows 2 zero and twenty-three games from when I wasn't playing by a hijacker, hopefully can get account back and suffer properly again 🤷‍♂️
Repost. First posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/LeagueOfMemes/comments/f268bs/it_really_do_be_like_that/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) in r/LeagueOfMemes by u/Domy9
This is like 20 percent of gamers i see. Not really enjoying what their doing most of the time for a few moments of excitement sonetimes puncuated by rage. For 7 plus hours a day if possible.
I fucking hate League. From the incompetence of the balance team, oh sorry, I mean the GAMEPLAY team, to the complete and utter bias in skin production (oh hey look, Lux is getting her 50th skin), I'm completely filled with absolute hatred for this game.

Half of the new champions that come out have the counterplay of "Just walk away from them, they can't hurt you if you're not right next to them", and the other half are too braindead to fail. Changes are made to the game just so Riot can say "look what we changed this season", regardless of whether or not anybody WANTED the changes. 

Like, what the fuck happened to you, Riot? This game used to be so fun, and then everything just started going downhill after Yasuo. 

If I didn't have friends that I can sometimes enjoy playing the game with, I would have left it years ago.
Aye, went on for a couple of fun games tonight. First one had a fed as hell Sylas tear through us - whatever, it happens. Second was one of the most toxic matches I've ever experienced in almost a decade playing the game on and off. Can't a guy just play a game because he likes the mechanics?
I'm not toxic but what tilts me the most is when i see someone that clearly has a lot to learn and practice go ahead and flame my other teammates, that's the one and only time im rude towards someone in LoL.
 [https://i.imgur.com/uzpZSg5.png](https://i.imgur.com/uzpZSg5.png) fixed it
Not playing league for 3 months is reminescent of my last semester of college where I stopped going out drinking 4/7 days.  Feels REAL fuckin good
Play unranked, stop caring about the climb.
It has objectively gone to shit, right
Pentakill aatrox can only make me so wet
It's simple, remove promotion games from the system.
I swear to god, I could be having a rage quit one min, but immediately be in Nirvana watching the cinematics the next.l
I am so freaking bad at real-time competitive games. I tried getting into Starcraft and LoL but gave up pretty quick.
I... just... Yes.
E-Heroin
You think ur gonna pop off get fed and win but instead you just lose and feed
We are all Masochists to some degree.
I'm done with one for all. I cant believe just how stressed and angry players get when a non top 10 champ is picked, or it was just a bad matchup. People lose their minds.
I always watch synapse and Hi Im coconut highlight channels and it makes me wanna play so bad because it seems like fun. Then I start playong and remember why I dont wanna play. Then the cycle starts over again.
League is a toxic relationship ;(
I think about playing league all day at work and I come home, play 2 games, then I take a shower pissed off then I go to bed
UNSINSTALLING THIS SHIT GAME BEST FEELING EVER
Literally lost 11 games in a row today across 3 different accounts cz i had nothing better to do
-Me playing lol to relax myself

-The Korean player: 20/0/9
Me, everytime i think of playing ranked
So....game?
I haven't played in about 4 months. Might change with all this quarantine time I have.
ah yes, need those dopamine hits. So I can continue this self-destructive cycle.
WHERE AM I?
Being kinda new to the game i can feel this on so many levels
Indeed
Old meme, still a good meme
i feel attacked
Im hard stuck silver :(
Maybe if the community wasn't so toxic.
The accuracy-

Except when I play with 4 other friends
Digital hamster wheel.
It’s gotten even worse when playing with friends. Like back in the day it was so enjoyable having a blast roasting each other and even in loses we had fun. Now, we all get so tilted and the game is just less fun for all of us. A friend deleted then only downloaded it again because of one for all. Miss the old days of league man. Right when I started it was so fun. Now I get tilted in arams and it sucks with how much I act love the game
What a big mood.
Sometimes İTS painful to play
Party rockers in the house tonight! Everybody just have a good time!
This is 100% of the reason I uninstalled.
I taught myself to be wholesome and never tilt. It makes league so much more fun :D
Preach
TRUE
Same for me with cs go, but probably cause I'm shit
Expectations: Watch me do this 1000IQ juke from their base to our base while also traversing the entire map

Reality: *gets caught in the first stun and dies just outside a friendly turret*
oh i'm gonna play some league

*gets into champ select*

uhhhhhhhhh.... altf4
That's why I stopped playing *shrug*
After years of being too scared to play rankeds I've started playing them.


 Two games, first of them perfect but in the seccond one we had a trolling Katarina. My adc was insulting her and I tried to calm everyone down because throwing insults at eachother won't help but It didn't do anything. I told kata "you can still fix that just stay with us we can make it work" but I got yelled at so I tried to tell other players to just ignore her and play instead of typing but nope.


 I don't have a rank yet but if that will continue I will end up in iron, oops. 


Of course I reported that kata after that because I don't like nasty behaving people. It's rare for me to report because in normal games people are more civil. I think it's the pressure to be the best that's reviling the worst in people.
Come play Gwent. Even though it's not action, outsmarting your opponent and pulling of synergies is a high close to that LoL used to give me. 

Except that here if you lose, it's only ever your fault.
The ones who play norms with their friends has got it figured out tbh
I remember I watched a Call of Duty tournament, shit was so hype I went out and bought a Playstation 4 and the newest CoD that just released that week....sold the console and game within a week lol happens with most games.
Whats the name of this meme? I cant find the template and nothing I search bears any fruit.
Be me last night.

&#x200B;

Think ooh I'll play ADC if it's just norms. I'm a support main but felt like some fun.

&#x200B;

My support fiddle steals farm, leaves lane so the draven/blitz can just womp me.

&#x200B;

Continues to steal farm, I'm 10 mins in and so far behind I just need to try and catch up.

&#x200B;

Fiddle looks great tho, boy dominating kills and assists and MY FARM.

&#x200B;

Then flames me in post game chat for not being as good as him.

&#x200B;

when our vision scores were the same.

&#x200B;

MFW.
Quitting this game was the best thing I ever did
I truly love the design of this game. One of my top MOBAs. What keeps me from playing it more often (and truly a lot of MOBAs) are how toxic people can get for seemingly no reason. Whether that be griefing inting afking or just saying some of the most toxic things I've ever read in my life. Y must people be like dis
Omg so true
“I’m done makin league of legends videos...”
I haven't played for about 3 months now - feels good. I would say that all of the problems with this game however small or large boil down to this - too many champs. Does anyone want more champs anymore?
Nope, you're right, it does make me feel
Who hurt you OP.
Me thinking about getting the perfect 5 man shurima shuffle all day only to e in and run out of mana in actually game
First image: how I couldnt wait today. Second image: every team I was in picking fiddlesticks and feeding.
Please everyone uninstall. I did one week ago and i am actually happy with my life now. Play at your own risk.
today I learned morde can take you into his realm with pyke, if pyke goes underwater with him.
This is me trying to convince bronzies to buy pink wards.
I loaded it up, starred at the play button for a sec, realized I’ll probably lose, turned my pc off and went back to bed to watch the office.
Trust me, there's enough to go through that!
Yeah.. hadn't played in a few days, got a bit of league craving. Then went 2-8. Sad day
I started to find the game more enjoyable when I warned people every match that I'd mute all as soon as it started. If the game was going well, I'd unmute.
Riot needs to stop making events... they’re forcing me to play 6 games a day to get enough prestige tokens
Recently started playing, am now obsessed. Can confirm this is EXACTLY how I feel. 5/7
What would "league starts crashing mid game every time you successfully make it into a game since like twenty patches ago" look like?
Well that confirms it, LOL is school
This is terribly fake... the second image applies to both before and after playing
i kinda miss this feeling
What’s more to say? Accurate af.
LOL is designed to make you lose 50% of the time.  People playing the game who don't know how to cope with losing games have a really hard time with LOL as a concept.  At least with Dota way back on WC3, it was purely random teams and generally a metric of personal skill.  If you were actually very good, you could 1v5 the game and win literally every game (if you stuck to certain heros).  I could play 100 games in a row and never lose once regardless of what my or the other team did.  It had a high enough personal reward (very high level and item caps), harsh punishment for lack of skill (mainly money loss on death and the added creep deny mechanic that made the game far more brutal than LOL has ever been).  LOL is engineered to heavily cap personal ability and force all players into team play.  LOL is also engineered to match players with the intent that, on average, you'll maintain a 50%:50% win:loss ratio, and for thousands upon thousands of games played, this is true with erie consistency regardless of your personal skill.  LOL is a game that forces people to cope with loss, and specifically a loss that's completely out of their hands.  It's engineered to crush your hopes and dreams.  Happiness in such a world requires a mental perspective most gamers don't commonly use in most gaming.
LoL would be a fun game if not for all the other people playing it.
Uninstalled in 2017. Never looked back
Hey is this a personal attack or something
It has been 10 years of league for me. I dont recall commenting outside of helping people but god damn i can relate to this shit. ESPECIALLY AFTER AN INSANE PRO GAME HOLY SHIT
I think the best thing ever is watching some LoL content and getting really hyped to play, and then you do a single match and your top leaves, your bot ints, and your mid says "jg diff" after dying to the Lee Sin for the 4th time, even though it was warded.
My friend always whines and bitches to me whenever he plays overwatch. Makes me wonder why he doesn't just, I don't know, play a different game? I guess maybe addiction has something to do with it?
/r/SelfAwarewolves 

just stop playing this garbage game like i did all those years ago

keep the memes and burn the rest
Earlier this year i had a magical streak where i just loved LoL.

I was watching synapses videos and my mind was blown just how crazy this game is and how much depth there is to every single match.

Then when you play it too much, and it becomes routine, your soul gets crushed.

This game really is great, but dealing with 9 other monkeys completely ruins the experience, and being a monkey is contagious, it spreads to others, and eventually you.
Isolation got me downloading again after 5 years away. I lasted 4 games before I remembered why I quit.
hell yeah
So damn true!
Most accurate meme I've ever seen
This is me with League, TF2, and any fighting game. You spend all day thinking about the wins you had the day before or new tech you wanna practice and nail down, or feeling like you're for sure gonna nail down a matchup or situation that's been fucking with you, but nope, 10 massive Ls in a row before you fuck off after one lucky win. Good thing there's ARAMs at least.
u/repostsleuthbot
"Just one ranked so I wont be bored!" 9 demotions later: *cries in Bronze IV*
u/repostsleuthbot
TRUE AF!!!!!
I dread this game so much, the only time I dont want to pull my hair in frustration is when I dont take the game seriously with a friend
me with any CCG/TCG: deckbuilding is really fun until I have to actually play the shit games
So true.
This game is not fun anymore, it's been over-engineered to death.
"ok so I'm gonna peel my adc I'm gonna heal it then throw this ability then flash and then go back use ignite and then I'll use the plant and join my jg and do dragon"

*An ally has been slain*

"Woops"
Everyone knows this is true yet we keep playing anyway
So true though, been this way for 10 years 🤣
And thats on unfair matchmaking with 40wr players and botdiff:)
Trying to get out of bronze is a nightmare. Legitimately the last couple of games I’ve had someone either ragequit or just int, or grief and stay in fountain. My champ pool doesn’t include Jax, so I can’t 1v9. Send help :(
So true for me recently...I was losing in ranked, I was losing in normals and I was losing in ARAM...I felt lile had maybe 3-4 Wins in my Match history. But I wouldnt know since the broken Client wouldnt Show me lmao. I'm Sure it's for the better 😂 The saddest part is Im genuinely looking forward to playing but just no Luck with either my teammates or myself :(
After 5 season i'm officially burnt out on this game. Its community, its rank system, its trolls are too much for me now. After quitting this game i find gaming so much more enjoyable now. Climbing rank in league is the most toxic gaming experience ever. Hopefully you guys can quit too!
League of legends: love the game, hate the playerbase.
I have fun if I ever have 4 others to play with but thats rare
Works the same for TFT! Work hard, get to platinum 2, then suddenly, you can't win anymore and fall back into gold....
It's just awful, especially for some reason riot placed me into b3 after like 4 placement games... its hell playing with jnglers who don't know that they should gank lanes in need of a gank... there are so many games where I was playing against a hard matchup and the enemy jg just babysat mid and my jungler never came to lane
"I swear each performance is the last, but I lie every time."
no other better game though sadly
I have never in my life seen something more accurate
I will probably never play ranked out of sheer stress
This can never be more accurate
Me when I play jg and everyone starts yelling at me. Especially late game.
Me rn
I always go in thinking it will be fun then realise it's absolutely terrible
Yesyetday i died and was alredy in some werid state but i didnt want to smash my keyboard so i Just hit my forehead several times like some psycho and it still hurts as hell. 
Wtf is quarantine doing to me.
Holy shit, that one is way too accurate and really hit home...
Word
straight up me every day xd
Just like cocaine then.
On eu/ne we have polish ppl. Man they are toxic, their english is on a dog level of understanding and mannnn if they ade autofilled they bam ur champ and just run it down mid. There are some understandable ppl from poland but when i was like iron and bronze gooddd.
I can relate to that. I played it for the first time with a friend a couple of weeks ago and got called a smurf because i wasnt sure what to do.
this is me right now. i want to play but don't know what lane i should play anymore
Me when i see a lee sin on the enemy team
Repost.
Is it weird that is is the other way around for me ?
Honestly this makes me sad. I acually wish we could have memes on this subreddit regularly.
true
I can't, got permabanned :/ rito playing biggest April fools joke on me
So true
dota 2 repost
this game cant be as good as dota 2🧐
Thats so true
So true  hahhaha im often  done after just one game
never have I related to a meme more. and it hurts.
It do be like that
Yes thats my right now. LoL is an addiction and a very bad one tbh. Right now i dont even play one game per day and do not want to play it but i bet in few month im back at playing all game and still hate the game
So True gg hahaaha
Perfection
I enjoyed the game but the community was so toxic that I quit years ago and never looked back
Yes.
FFS at some point PLEASE do this meme with another pic at least .
That happens with me. 😁
true
Thats so TRUE
u/Rob-Side-B hahaha true
True reality .\_.
Yeah that's why I never end up playing it. I just kinda stare at my stats all day thinking about playing and then I never end up playing.
DoubleLift's Statement on his Family

Guys, this is tough news. Please be respectful in the comments and remember these crucial rules:

* **Do Not** doxx. Private personal information is not okay. If it's publicly available information via the news, police, or an official team website, then it is likely okay. When in doubt, please report it so the mod team can review.

* **Do Not** link to gofundeme's or other fundraising sites. We cannot verify the authenticity of them and have a longstanding rule of disallowing them completely.

* **Be respectful.** The league of legends community is awesome because we can come together when things get rough. Let's show the best side of reddit, not the worst.

Please note that if you violate these three cardinal rules, we will permanently ban you on sight, without warning.
Holy shit I cannot possibly imagine getting a call of someone telling me this happened. 
Horrible enough to lose your mother to violence, but for it to be done by your brother. I can't even imagine what that's like. 
This is total insanity, i can't imagine what he must be dealing with right now..

All your fans are right behind you peter! I hope you come out of this as a stronger person, and the best of wishes to your dad! 
Best wishes to him, he talked a bit about his family in his interview before and how much he admired his older brother...

https://youtu.be/2XQQhrssnBY
News article for those who want to read: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5567091/Son-30-murders-mother-stabs-father.html

Absolutely fucking tragic for the guy. I cannot believe this is real. Doublelift had a really rocky past with his parents, running away from home at 16 just to compete. He was in the midst of rekindling his relationship with his parents. All my support for this guy, whatever happens.

Has this been the first case of this caliber in the league scene?
depressing. His brother was the only one who supported his gaming. convinced his parents to let him go to dreamhack season 1 world championships
His mom and him didn't always see eye to and didn't talk for a long time until CLG MLG run or sooner. Then they re-connected
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPXGIWz1V9o
This old lady is adorable. rest in peace Mrs. Peng

The husband lost his wife and his eldest son is probably in  for life. 

Finals doesnt even matter anymore. 

This is a sad day.

I hope his Dad will recover and that his relation to his Mom improved before...this. 
Doublelift is probably singlehandedly the player I've been most invested in during the past 5 years as a league fan. It goes beyond gameplay - his story of how he entered the scene really hurt, and it's been personally incredible and rewarding to kind of grow up alongside him and watch him reach success and recognition in the scene over the years. It seems kind of silly to care so much about an internet figure/gamer but the longer I've followed him, I became really fond of Doublelift as a player and a person beyond just LCS - it was really heartwarming to know that he had sort of reconciled with his family recently, that's how much I've grown to care for him, and I would never want to wish this news on anybody, but knowing his story/background makes this even more horrifying and heartbreaking for me to hear about my favorite player.

I just wish there was something more I could do for him, but as a fan not personally connected to him, all I can really do is let him know that him and his family will be in my thoughts. I just sincerely hope he gets the support and love he needs during this time. Please, above all else, just remember to take care of yourself Peter...
Jesus fuck. Double played out of his fucking mind this week only to be fucked by life like this. As someone who has been a fan of him since his Blitzcrank and Poppy days, I sincerely hope he finds and takes the support that the people and community around him are willing to give. 

Do what you have to do brother. Your fans will always be here for you. 
http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-stabbings-san-juan-capistrano-arrest-20180331-story.html
What the actual fuck
Been a Doublelift fan since Epik Gaming.

Getting kicked from his home must have been hard.
Getting kicked from CLG must have been hard.
Getting kicked from TSM must have been hard.

Life has always been kicking him very hard, but not as hard as this time.

But he always tried to play at his best, and I hope people know this. 

May his mother rest in peace, at least knowing his son was successful.
I hope the entire League community can come together and wish Doublelift all the best without any vitriol or moronic comments. This is terrible news, and I just hope that Doublelift can make it through it. NALCS means jack shit in comparison.
For those on /r/All 

Doublelift is a undoubtedly one of the most popular pro League of Legends player in North America. He plays the ADC role for Team Liquid. His story is absolutely inspiring. You can watch him talk about his rough upbringing [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XQQhrssnBY&feature=youtu.be). If you don't want to spend 7 minutes watching it, I can summarize it a bit.

His parents never really believed that he had a future in gaming. They were a strict and fully expected him to follow in their footsteps. After butting heads endlessly, they essentially kicked him out of their house, leaving him homeless. He was forced to live with a friend, making almost no money at the time. But even after he saw some huge success and had a stable income as a pro gamer, he still had no contact with his parents. Here are some particularly relevant quotes from the video.

> - [0:08] (https://youtu.be/2XQQhrssnBY?t=8s) "I haven't verbally spoken to my parents, no. For two years."

When trying to get his parents to let him go to a big gaming event in Sweden, he said
 
> - [1:15](https://youtu.be/2XQQhrssnBY?t=1m15s) "I finally got my older brother...to try and convince my parent's that it was ok...and he helped me out." 

This is the brother who he is talking about in the tweet that committed the heinous acts. 

> - [5:10](https://youtu.be/2XQQhrssnBY?t=5m10s) "Yeah, I miss my brothers sometimes. Uhh...I think my older brother is the most influential figure in my life." 

> - [6:10](https://youtu.be/2XQQhrssnBY?t=6m10s) "I just wanna go back to them and just like...just be their son one day, ya know? Just be like 'ok I'm you're son, and I'm doing well'"

They did eventually make up. Around two years ago now, Doublift tweeted [this](https://twitter.com/tldoublelift/status/638405012951953408).

> Today I realized I still love my mom. Guess family really is forever, even if I spent 10  years angry with them.


Additionally, here's a pretty endearing [picture](https://image.ibb.co/cGO4jn/dl.png) and a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6rl8OuTq-8) of Doublelift with his mom. 

And if this weren't already tragic enough, Doublelift's team, Team Liquid was set to play in the NA LCS Grand Finals next Sunday. It's unclear if he is planning on playing, but I think it's safe to assume that he will not. And that is completely fine. 

The entire League community is behind you, DL. Stay strong. 

Doublelift with Mamalift 

(https://image.ibb.co/cGO4jn/dl.png)

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6rl8OuTq-8)
This seriously upset my entire night.

My heart goes out to you, Doublelift. I can't imagine the pain you're going through considering it was your own kin that took the life of your mother and hurt your father.

If there is any silver lining in this is that he rekindled the relationship between his parents a few years ago. 

My sympathies out to you, DL!
Unfortunately, this doesn't seem like the type of content that would be an April Fool's joke.

I'm... I'm stunned. I'm so sorry for his loss.
Ive ben watching Double lift since 2014. DL has to have one of the saddest stories in the league community. The man does his best to live a good life but something always fucks him over. I pray for him and his family. I don't care if he plays in finals this coming weekend. He is and will always be the best player to me. 
I WISH this was some stupid, stupid fucking joke :( I'm so sorry, DL. Condolences.
I know DL probably won't see this but I just wanted to say to stay strong and be with family and friends during this. My Dad was murdered 6 years ago and it never really gets easier you just find ways to cope with it. All my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Stay strong man. The LoL community has your back <3
For something this tragic to happen right before Doublelift gets his big moment to show his growth/improvement as a player... Absolutely horrible news and I wish the best for him and his family going through this, much love <3
So fucking sad. I feel horrible for him.
I usually never post or comment anything in this subreddit and only ever lurk around here but I have been a Doublelift fan for a long time and it was so surreal hearing about this and after collecting my thoughts, I felt tears starting to form as well as an immense sadness in my heart. I know you will never read this and honestly it doesn't matter if you read this or not. What matters is that you know that your fans are every where and we are praying for you and your family. I am so sorry for your loss and please Peter, stay strong through this.
fuck that's awful.
This has been a roller-coaster of emotions. Saw a news article on twitter linked by espn, thought it was a joke. Read the article looking for obvious jokes, didn't find any, then checked Doublelift's twitter.

My condolences to him and his family.
Fucking awful what happened to him and his family. I know he was distant from his family when he first got into the scene, but it seemed like there was a lot effort on both sides to reconcile after a time. Seeing a tweet like [this](https://twitter.com/tldoublelift/status/638405012951953408?lang=en) from a few years ago just makes it so much worse. Absolutely terrible, can't even begin to imagine what they're going through :(
Absolutely devestating news. Liftlift take the time you need, we'll all still be here when you're ready. Somethings are bigger than league.
Can't imagine what he must be feeling like... I hope I never do.
Jesus fucking Christ. On goddamn Easter Sunday of all times
What the fuck :( :( :(
So awful
Legitimately the stuff of nightmares. I hope DL and his family can get through this.
For those wondering if it's real or not, it's very much real.

We kindly ask that you be respectful of the situation. Thank you.
That's so awful oh my god
https://twitter.com/TLDoublelift/status/638405012951953408
Holy shit guys, this is so sad. Really unbelievable. Doublelift I really wish you somehow find strenght to face this situation. The entire community is with you.
For the people commenting April Fools it’s not fucking funny man, just chill with that for once.
This is really sad guys, you gotta be really strong to go through a situation like this. All we can do now is respect him and send some love. Unbelievable.
the least we can do is flood him with supportive comments here and on twitter if he ever looks at these.


I really hope he takes care of himself mentally and knows his fans want whats best for him going forward, no matter what decision he makes we support it.
Such a terrible thing to happen, I can't imagine what he is going through. The league community is with you Doublelift.
I really really hope he doesn't spiral downwards. This type of shit can be life ruining, I really hope he reaches out and gets the support he needs. Theres nothing more tragic and a ruined life man.
Jesus Christ.
Stay strong peter
God i'm in fucking tears seeing this now. I just feel so sorry for him to have to go through something as awful, and unnatural as this. Nobody should ever have to deal with their own sibling murdering a parent and hurting another. It's too cruel for it to happen now when he's really getting going to get a kick from life like this. God I hope he ends up okay when he comes out the other side of this dark tunnel.
This is the worst thing that could ever happen to someone, doublelift lost his entire family ....

Mother ( passed away )

Brother ( most likely in jail forever)

Father ( prob seriously traumatized & will never be the same person psychologically)

His entire family literally destroyed with one incident. I'm heart broken imagining the horror he is going through. 

Words could never describe what DL is feeling right now. Thats just insane and makes me lose faith in humanity.

We're with you DL!

>It is not clear if this is his girlfriend but he appears in several social media photos with the same woman

How about fuck you Daily Mail?

Maybe don't further publicize pictures of people with alleged murderers if you can't verify shit like a responsible news outlet.
[News article about it.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5567091/Son-30-murders-mother-stabs-father.html) This isn't some joke. 

Can't believe it. So, so awful. 
As someone who lost his dad a few months ago in a simmilar way im out of words, this fucking sucks, sorry to hear.
Can't believe what he must be going through right now. 
I can't even process this right now, idk how he could be
[deleted]
Rest in peace to DL's mom, DL's family has my prayers, hope he can come back strong :( 
If the attack happened on friday and he played on saturday, then he must have known about the incident when he was playing. This makes me so sad, wishing the best for his family.
There are always memes about thoughts and prayers being worthless. But if you see this DL, I'm prayin for you man. It's the only thing I can do for you in this horrific situation. May you find peace during this horrible horrible time you're going through. Been a fan since S1, and always will be. 
This is so sad. Doublelift really getting his relationship with his parents slowly but surely back over time and i was so happy for him and TL to make it to the finals. Then a tragedy like this happends and ruins so much work in just a moment. I hope he wont give up on his dreams and fight next weekend on the rift, im sure his parents would have been so proud if he grabbed that cup. 

Ive been in a simular situation and i still regret this day that i gave up on something big because something terrible happend to a close family member of mine. Hopefully DL wont have to look back at this moment as the begining of everything going downhill because that can be really depressing.
I'm heartbroken, I feel so bad for him.
As a community, what can we do for him?

He is probably the most impactful NA LCS player in history, both in terms of achievements and advancing the scene itself.  This news is absolutely horrifying, on top of the fact that he already had a "tragic story".  There has to be something we can do for him as a community?
This world is beyond fucked. Weird shit like this happens every time and i still get surprised. RIP to his mom
Rest in Peace :( Absolutely terrible news. 
holy shit, peter we love u
Jesus.... we’re all here for you DL
Riot should hold a minute of silence to mourn Doublelift's loss during Finals, and some way for us in the community to show our support towards him. He has done so much for the League of Legends scene, now it's time to show him that we have his back. 
This is completely insane. I wonder what drove the guy to do it. I've always caught from DL's early interviews that his parents had very high expectations of their child(ren). I can see this guy being in an unstable mental state (girlfriend stuff) and having your parents pressure in your back on top of that can easily lead to a mental boom.
Doublelift do what you have to do, screw the lcs. You got shit to take care of.
What a fucking nightmare, I was hoping it was some morbid April fools joke. 
Thats so rough, at the worst time too. Finals being in a week means everyone would understand if he doesent go but god damn I know the feeling and I know that will bring him down even more, thinking hes failing his team.
No words can describe how fucked up this is... Stay strong Peter, the whole League community is behind you and praying for you. 
Hey guys saw this news on twitter. I'm a dota guy but follow league through thoorin and montecristo. Just awful news and I'm so sad to hear it. Wish nothing but the best for him and his family as they try to heal.
Doublelift, I've never met you and don't know if I ever will, but I'm so sorry this happened to you. Best wishes. - A loving fan from Michigan.
This is truly one of the most fucked up things that could happen to you. I could not imagine if my older brother, who was a huge influence in my life, stabbed our mother. I wish double and his family the best.
I hope we get a minute of silence at the lcs finals. That would be a great show of respect for Peter
Twitch viewers donating obscene messages that regard Doublelifts parents or family in a meme are completely uncalled for. Some people have no filter, even when it's literally 5 minutes into the news.
Jesus Christ. Praying for him and his family.
[removed]
Why am I crying. Holy shit.
This is the saddest thing ive read on internet , like fuck man... imagine writting those words "my brother killed my mother" nothing but best wishes for DL , world is a crazy place . 
“Neighbors said the man had recently broken up with his live-in girlfriend and was going through a 'difficult time'. It is not clear if this is his girlfriend but he appears in several social media photos with the same woman.”

I don’t know why this gets me so angry... Where is the journalistic integrity? This is just desperate and pathetic...
Finals dont even matter at this point, Double not only needs time to sort things out in his private life but he deserves it. 
I'm glad he was repairing his relationship with his parents.  Please have no regrets or guilt Peter. Love you Bro.
Holy fucking shit. This isn't a joke.
Guys, is there something we can do to help him? This is so sad. I think we should be supporting him in every way we can.
I've seen some tasteless April Fools shitposts before and I'm still processing that this isn't one of those times. How do you even cope with something like this? *Can* you cope with something like this? I can't even begin to imagine how he must be feeling right now.
I just can't even... What the actual fuck.. Not only must it be extremely hard to lose your mother and having your father in the hospital, the fact that he just got back on ''good'' terms with them like 2 years ago? Must make him feel so sad on all the time  lost being angry at each others.. And as if that wasn't enough, the attacker being his older brother, the guy he said in an interview he looked up to and who was the most influential figure in his life, must be so fucked up to deal with... There simply is no word to describe what he must be feeling right now... I don't even understand how he managed to tweet about it, i'd probably be in such a fucked up place right now i would completely shutdown.

Be strong DL, all my prayers goes to you and your family ! :(
My condolences to Doublelift. 

This is truly heartbreaking. Stay strong, brother. 
Double just want to be another voice in the crowd to say that we support you.  Hope your dad makes a full recovery
Surprised the thread isn't locked. The shit some people are saying dude.
I'm just happy his father survived. It is really really important that Peter has someone to emotionally connect with about this. I can't imagine how hard it would be to go through this, but if both my parents died from my own brother, I would probably kill my brother and myself. I don't even know why I'm writing this. It's mostly out of the sadness I feel right now. I'm so sorry..
I've never posted commented on reddit before, but I've been following him ever since his appearance in pro play. (wasn't a big fan of his at the start but my fav pro now)I am just so sad and even more sad for Peter. My Prayers are to u and ur dad and brother. I'm sorry for you loss.
All I'm gonna say is: Riot, don't, at any point, use this in any kind of LCS newsreel stuff.  
No tragic backstory video package, no rising from adversity piece, just don't put this on anything you have a commercial interest in. Ever.
Prayers out to Doublelift and his family.

I'm so sorry for him and his entire family... 
As I read I kept hoping I would reach the line where it turned out to be an April fools joke. Devastating. 
Holy sh*t 
Fuck me man
Such an absolutely terrible thing to have happen, no matter who it happens to or when it happens. I don't even know how somebody deals with this but I hope the people who can be there for him are there for him. 
We love you Peter. Thoughts, prayers, and love going out to him and his family tonight.
My heart just dropped. I'm so sorry
I know you probably won't read this DL/Peter, but this is truly awful. Take care of yourself and your family, and you can call upon the league community for any help you might want - we will respond. Good luck, bro.
As someone who has had something very similar happen, I feel absolutely terrible for DL. It happened 6 years ago and it never gets any easier. Since then I've had severe depression and anxiety which I didn't have before and I haven't been able to live life as normally as I would like. I hope he gets the counselling that he needs if he needs it and knows that all of us want the best for him. 
Damn, that is something you wish to never hear. Fuck.
I really do hope his last conversation with his mom was a positive one. I know they had a poor relationship but he was trying to fix it
What a tragedy.
Stay strong DL, league community's always here for ya.
Omg, this is disaster.. Ive always trashtalked about DL because of EU vs NA, memes etc. but actually respected him as a player cause he is great player and as a person. I feel so sorry for him, even though its impossible for us even to imagine how he feels now
I would like to say i can understand what you feel, but that would be an insult to say i understand. I do try imagine it and it gives me shivers even tho its not even 1/1000 of what you probably feel. We, random players might be trolls n'shit sometimes, but I believe that as a community, we are strongly with you. Stay strong.
Coming from r/all. I haven't played LoL in a couple years now but DL was still one of the biggest players back in the day. Sad to see this happen to anyone. Best wishes to him and his family. 
Sitting here crying, no words to say, nothing at all.
Wow what the fuck. Heart goes out to him that's horrendous news. I can't even begin to imagine what he's going through.
It's quite hard to pinpoint the exact cause of what made Doublelift's brother want to commit such an atrocity. I would hasten to jump to immediate conclusions as to what their family dynamic was like. I am the son of Chinese immigrant parents who hold similar if not identical values as the ones Doublelift's parents had. I can safely say that they are conservative in the way that they express their love and care passively rather than through explicit acts.

Although this is tragic, I would be remiss to note that this news has deeply resonated with me and has made me reconsider how I want to go forward in expressing love to my family. I want to dispel this false notion that Asian households are notorious for being "heartless" and "abusive" because we hear that so very often. I would caution those who are quick to attribute any hardships and/or "unusual" traditions to "mental issues" because we also must be willing to take into account our parent's own upbringing. It is a common misconception that Asian parent's don't "love" their children in the same way that their racial counterparts would. It took me a while to get it, but this so-called explicit and tough love demeanor that they exhibit is used to instill a level of discipline to their kids while giving them the freedom of independence. Think back to the times your mother or father asked if you were hungry or if you had already ate; it translates to "I love you" or "I worry about you". It is precisely why you see that in this instance Doublelift was forced to leave his home when he turned 18 because all did was indulge in an activity that his parents aren't fully versed with. The reason that Asian immigrant parents practice vocal methods to teach their children strong work ethic is simply because they care for their well being. It is why we often see a strange mix of incessant coddling in the videos that were shown (per uploaded by the father in order to share the joy in his life). In return, they expect full acquiescence but every so often you encounter these kinds of unfortunate cases where this was at the expense of the mother's life. If you and any other child of an immigrant looked past the seemingly cold facade, you would see that Doublelift's parents were the most caring and sincere individuals any child can ask for. We often call this tough love but when they mean well they can only envision success through tangible results because that's how those who migrated from war torn countries see it as such. "Mental issues" alone cannot explain why almost every child (including me) has experienced carbon copy upbringings. Oftentimes, kids learn to take it and other times they are kept astray. Cases like these are extremely rare. Reducing people down to a narrow label can only further blind us from the truth. Clashing attitudes combined with clear generational differences play into the mix because immigrant parents know just one way of successfully navigating through this world.

Hope you all understand.


Holy fuck this is crazy. Prayers to DL and his family during this time. I hope his dad makes it. 
I know my comment will be drowned in the sea of others, but I would like to to wish Doublelift's dad a speedy recovery from his injuries. I won't pretend to know what Peter is going through, but I wish he would be able to find peace and solace in these trying times for himself. I hope he knows that, although he lost a family member, he has many more people surrounding him who will support him through this time of trials. Best of luck, Peter. 
This is probably going to be buried since it was so late in this thread, but I just wanted to say something about it I suppose. I was just talking today with my friend about how excited we are to go to Miami and see the playoffs next weekend, and how I was looking forward to seeing my favorite player, Doublelift, and how much I respect him for what he's done in the scene - doesn't take shit from anyone, says what he wants to and plays on his terms. 

This is really tragic news and I hope DL can cope. I also hope he knows that the people who matter don't care if he plays or not, this transcends our game by far. And I hope that we as a community shun and ostracize the assholes who will inevitably throw this in his face. Good luck DL, will always be there to support you m80.
Holy shit what the actual fuck man, I feel so sorry for you Peter I can just say I wish this was an April fool's joke :(
What the fuck 
Imagine life being great and you are about to go to finals with your team and shit like this hits you...
not many things make me want to throw up, I wish the sincerest of condolences to Peter and the rest of his family. something similar happened to a friend of mine and I cannot begin to comprehend the amount of pain. 
[removed]
I remember at some point, DL said that his older brother helped convince his parents to let him go to his first LAN event.  They weren't going to let him randomly just go with strangers he met online to a LAN, but his brother talked to them and convinced them it was legit.  I always thought of his older brother as the reasonable one that was able to smooth things out with their parents.  
I don't support a team but I love league and I love pro play. I love watching and following all the pro players and this makes me tear up. 
[deleted]
Imagine coming off an emotion high of reaching Finals again only to receive that phone call.

It is beyond devastating to lose your mom from murder.  It is multiplied even more when it was done by your older brother.

My heart goes out for Peter, his little brother and father.  He needs you now more than ever Travis.  Thank god you live in the same apartment.
Honestly I don't actively follow DL or watch him often but I'm so incredibly heartbroken for him. I can't even imagine what he must be going through and it's so important that the community supports him, no matter how long it takes for him to be active on social media/streaming again. 

There are people replying to his tweet with "April fools" comments, how stupid and immature can you be? No one in their right mind would make a joke about their mother being murdered by her other son.
Damn same brother that pushed Peter to game and tried to Get his parents on the gaming side?


Reading this at work trying to hold back tears. DoubleLift, you are in our thoughts and prayers. I cannot express enough how deeply sorry I am hearing this. As toxic as this community is sometimes, I hope you know we are all behind you right now. Wish I could reach out and give you a big hug right now bud. 

Today I will hug my family a little longer. Often times I think we take for granted how quickly life can change, and how much we take for granted. As distraught as this news makes me, it also reaffirms how fortunate I am just to have my family. I can't quite imagine how life would be without that. Praying for you DL.
Plz Twitch users, don’t troll DL on LCS Final. Losing pp, especially by murdering, is not a joke.
NBC news report that mentions DL as well along with video reporting

https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/Man-Accused-of-Stabbing-Mother-to-Death-Critically-Injuring-Father-478463703.html
Totalbiscuit has passed away, let us never forget the contribution he has given this game among many others
Totalbiscuit has passed away as of today on May 24th, 2018. 

Source: https://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit/status/999787845127634944

While there are varying opinions of him floating around the internet he was an entertainer like no other who loved gaming with every fiber of his being. 

While he took a look at League in its infancy (Source: https://youtu.be/Z_78J6FEouM) he gained enough referrals to receive an item named after him. The Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation now known as the Total Biscuit of Everlasting Will. 
(Source: http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Total_Biscuit_of_Rejuvenation)

In a way, through this game we all play he lives on, and the sincerest condolences go out to the work that he did and to his family.

Rest in peace John Peter Bain, may your soul find rest.
July 8, 1984 - May 24, 2018
[League of Legends Twitter](https://twitter.com/LeagueOfLegends) has changed their profile pic to Total Biscuit of Rejuvenation :(
Rest in peace TotalBiscuit, you were like an internet brother of another mother for many of us.

Edit: Love and mercy for his loved ones.
TB was one of the most influential people for me in my early days of gaming back in the glory days of SC2. Following content and casting from Day9, Artosis/Tasteless, and TB was what moved me from just casually playing SC2 to going full hardcore and competing in the Collegiate StarLeague. But I think it was when I starting following the "WTF is..." series that I took more of an interest in games in general, and that was influenced my eventual career in game development. 

Watching him cast SC2, even though he wasn't as knowledgeable as some other casters, I remember thinking to myself that his posh British voice somehow made the competitions more real, made esports more legitimate to me. I'm gonna go watch some of his old StarCraft casts today. RIP TB


TotalBiscuit of Everlasting Memories
TB got so many people to play league back in it's early days, myself included. This is an insane loss for the entire gaming community. Rest in peace John.
Going to get buried, but I remember a few years a go I went to insomnia and was sat in the bar with my friend and heard an unmistakable voice, I looked around and it was John, d.apollo, and Apollo's girlfriend . I didn't want to ruin their evening by fanboying so I left them, but they knew I had noticed.

The next day I'm sat on my own eating breakfast and John came downstairs too. He filled his bowl with cereal and noticed there was no milk. I called his name and said he can use the extra from my table. He accepted, grabbed the milk and started walking away. He then turned around and asked if it was ok to join me. Of course I said yes.

For some reason, he apologized to me for not saying hi the night before, and then we shot the shit for an hour. Absolutely incredible guy.

He will be missed
I wonder if Riot could add an extra bit to the Biscuit tooltip as a kind of in-game memorial, similar to Lucidity boots or Talisman of Ascension (before it got removed).
"The physical part of me is getting a lot better. Mentally, I'm going to need some time. Thanks for your support." Three days ago. Man, can death be a cruel surprise.
I hope riot does something from him one last memorial for him
He actually got 10,000 referrals for which the prize was designing your own champion, Riot didn't keep the promise which made TB mad and one of the reasons he quit league.

[But then a few years later this happened](https://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit/status/712033051392524290) and everything was fine.

RIP.
Holy shit. I always wondered why they were Biscuits. Now I know. 
Big fan of his WoW content, and even after he quit I continued to follow his news/rant videos on recent developments in gaming. 

Will miss his content, RIP. 
Fuck, it's a strange kind of sadness, almost surreal. Dude has been a part for my life for years, got me into gaming, and league especially. Never knew him, never spoke to him, he didn't know I existed. But it hurts.
Thank you TB for everything.
why did he die
Cool dude, first heard about him when he was on the h3 podcast. Maybe now is a good time to go back and watch some of his content. Any videos that are must watch by him? 
Gaming, WoW, DOTA2, LOL, CynicalBrit, CynicalBritOfficial, LivestreamFail, PcMasterrace, Starcraft, Hearthstone

Those are all right now in the top ten reddit posts all with this same news.

If that doesn’t speak volumes to the influence this man had on the gaming world I don’t know what is.

Rest In Peace, sir.
He's literally one of the reasons I even discovered and got into PC gaming. He was one of the original gaming youtube channels and definitely the best for quality content and reviews. He's the reason so many different games took off and the reason so many indie developers found success. 

Whether you knew him or not, he was one of the biggest pillars of the gaming community and was one of the reasons it began to be taken more seriously by people outside of the culture. Modern e-sports definitely owe a big thanks to him.

RIP John Bain.  
That's so sad to hear. Fuck cancer.

R.I.P. to that great man, he will be dearly missed. 
His review of league is what got me into this game.

Jesus christ man.
“Legends never die. They become a part of you."
Fuck you, cancer. RIP Totalbiscuit :\(
/salute to TB

Thx for everything you've done for the gaming community 
I’ll miss him. 
Fuck, this one hurts even though I knew it was coming. I listened to his interview with H3H3 one last time a couple of days ago, after hearing that he was deteriorating. I was overwhelmed with sadness then, and I’m overwhelmed now.
Legends never die. :(
[deleted]
Isn’t he owed an actual Champion of his design? He got more people into league than anyone in history. Riot needs to make good on this. 
Fucking hell, i have so many good memories about this guy. Watched so much of his content, all the way back from his Blue Plz to his most recent co-optional podcast. Gonna miss him so much. 

Rest in peace TB.
Dude introduced me to league when I went to a LAN event he was hosting.  I dont play much league any more but when I can pinpoint the 6-7 years of enjoyment I have had with this game to that one moment he told me to sit down, create an account and not pick Teemo, seeing news like this is disheartening.

The guy gifted me and many others so much.
The sad thing is, I remember TB from nearly a decade ago when he was quite the toxic individual. I met him in person when he tried out the demo for one of my friend's games at PAX, of which he noted was cancer-inducing rubbish. That, among many other examples people have noted on his twitter page as of late are not how I choose to remember John. 

Instead, I will remember John as the man I saw last year, humbled and down to Earth. We happened to cross paths one night at a diner. He was by himself, alone in his thoughts as his eyes were stirring over his cup of tea. After nearly a decade, he was decidedly a very different man from what I remembered. I stood up, said hi and asked if I could join him. He accepted and we spent the next hour discussing life and the nature of this world and the next. He seemed to have a very grave appearance, fully aware of his own situation. We shook hands and I wished him the best. He ended up buying my coffee for me and tipping the waitress $100. He was a good guy with a positive impact and a willingness to learn. He will sorely be missed.
One time I was playing Battlefield.  On a noob server.  TotalBiscuit shows up and just starts smoking everyone.  Gets asked to stop, because noobs.  He tells us all to get fucked.
My favourite youtuber by a mile. I've been dreading this for a long time. He was erudite, articulate, honest, moral and insightful. If I could be half the man he was, I'd be happy. 

Rest in peace John Bain. I will miss your wtf's and I will miss you. Condolences Genna and son. I'm truly gutted.
TotalBiscuit of Everlasting Will. Your journey ended here, but you will be missed!
im sure very few people remember but when league was small totalbiscuit supported this game an awful lot, did many videos about it, he was part of that curator program riot had and he was the most succesful one. after some time he stopped playing because he felt betrayed by riot, when you got 50k+ people curated, at that point some others managed that as well, riot promised you that you could design your own champion with riot.

but riot didnt want to do that suddenly anymore even tho they have clearly promised that, ever since then tb was not supporting league and riot anymore.

i think 2 years ago riot finally apologized for that and offered tb a chance to design a new champion which he refused because he obviously hasnt played the game at all since then.

he also has an item named after him, now hold the fuck on, its alraedy written in the post...

regardless, he was one of the contributor of this games success and its important to remember that
RIP Youtube's Number 1# PC gaming critic
I got into gaming because of him, I got in League thanks to him, this is really sad... 
One of the most influential and positive voices in the gaming community.

His contributions to the esports and gaming scene will not be forgotten.
Man this sucks, he opened my eyes to so many games that I love. I used to go biking and listen to his podcast. Every time a new episode came out I would go biking, so many hours of enjoyment. Rest in peace 
 A great man and a legend for so many. R.I.P. The world lost a good one today. 
sad to hear, hope he finds peace.
Rest In Peace, John. You will be missed
Man, he put up such a fight over the years and it's sad to see him go. He will be missed.
If you are having trouble with your pooping, or if you see blood, please talk with your doctor. If it's colon cancer, it is very treatable if caught early. Don't let embarrassment actually kill you. 
Wow he's only 33? I thought he was like 50 something. 
Fuck that hits hard. Rest in peace. 
Can we get a top hat item for a special game mode? Outta respect for Totalbiscuit? Just temporary.. I think its appropriate
He’s the LUL emote guy right
Shit, he was a big consumer advocate. He more than likely positively influenced the experience of every gamer without them realizing simply by standing in the way of some anti-consumer bullshit that would have been there otherwise.

It is a big loss for all of us end users.
RIP TB.  Got my introduction back in the WoW days and have been a fan ever sense. Great amount of respect for the man and his work.
fuck cancer
[deleted]
Rest in Peace
I will always remember him as the narrator for Lore In a Minute's [League of Legends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebJR2lBZsOc) video. 

RIP what a legend.
I honestly started to really dislike him in the last few years (see coxcon controversy) but I still appreciated a lot all of his earlier works and everything else he's done to promote smart consumer choices (don't preorder) and inform on what to buy and what to absolutely dodge, rip, I'll still miss him and his content
Oh fuck.. Hit me harder than i thought
This breaks my heart. That guy was so wholesome and made such great content. He didn't deserve that at all :(
This world is so fucking unfair. Rest in peace.
Immortalized in twitch chat LUL rip
I'm just so sad right now and I'm not sure what to say. Rest in peace John, I loved you and your content. 
Can we get grey LUL emote on twitch? [*]
The best PC Channel that ever was and that there ever will be, R.I.P Totalbiscuit.
I'm seriously bothered by this. I listened to his videos weekly. I can't take this news right now. Fucks cancer man. God damn. 
Didn't always watch his videos but I did like to watch WTF is videos when looking for a new game. RIP my man 
Rest in peace total biscuit you will be sorely missed. Will raise a drink for you tonight 
Ah shit.. I really thought he was gonna beat it and pull through y'know.. Fucking horrible unpredictable disease.

RIP.
Bro I never realized biscuits were named after him
He touched a lot of games I play a lot still.

:'(

It's raining today
I wonder if there'll be a small spike in people taking the biscuits rune this week.
I hate when my biscuit brothers pass away. :-(
For people that don't know him : LUL twitch emote is TotalBiscuit.
That was shockingly fast.

Also, enter all the karma farmers. Yeah, I'm cynical.
I don't even know what league of legends is and I've heard of totalbiscuit
He was torn by his community, but not by God.
Rest in peace, TB. You are the greatest gaming critic I have ever known!
Godspeed you magnificent bastard. 
For me, I will always remember his Terraria series with Jesse Cox. It was just them talking about random stuff while playing Terraria and it's one of the greatest series ever. Hours of entertainment if you haven't watched it yet. 

You will be missed, John.
Just chiming in...

Always respected his opinion on games and whenever I tuned in to his content it I always trusted and enjoyed it. Hard shoes to fill. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/cynicalbritofficial/comments/8g4eoj/official_totalbiscuits_future/
Jesus christ I though this was just a really poor taste joke at first...

He'd been around the scene for so long that I never imagined him actually leaving...
It's a legend that goes... Journalism is an art and he was the best at it. Thanks for everything. Bye John...
He might be gone, but he is one of those figures that will remain forever immortal. 
Tempted to say sad but it is not... he was brave to the end and lived a life of value. What more could any of us want.
This man is actually the reason I even STARTED playing League of Legends 6 almost 7 years ago...

RIP TB.
This guy was a legend loved his videos so sad when I heard he got cancer and now he is gone. Can't believe I'll never see a new WTF is series. Hope he has a good afterlife if one exists. RIP thought are with your family 
Sad to hear, TotalBiscuit was a great personality and a giant, one of the few honest, no clickbaity reviewers who fought for consumer friendly practices, smaller developers and true innovation in games, we need more guys like him in our community.
Everytime I see a LUL in chat, I will always think of the good you did TotalBiscuit. RIP
Sad to hear, TotalBiscuit was a great personality and a giant, one of the few honest, no clickbaity reviewers who fought for consumer friendly practices, smaller developers and true innovation in games, we need more guys like him in our community.
I legit didn't know the biscuit was based on him. Also I like how the whole "design a champion" thing resolved nicely.
RIP Total Biscuit. He deserves a skin to honor him, instead of just an item.
Don't read the replies on Twitter if you want to remain sane. There's people claiming he was a common harasser and that he hates women because he supported GamerGate (which he didn't, for the record). Never have I felt so disgusted on the Internet, these fucking people can't even wait a whole day to peddle their shitty tinfoil hat theories. 
I had drifted away from the Totalbiscuit et al content in the last few years (Dodger, Jessecox etc) rarely watching any of their content. I was still under the impression that John was doing fine and was unaware the cancer had come back and become terminal. When I saw the news on twitter this morning at work, my heart sank, genuinely. Im not a person who gets overly attached to celebrities. I'm a massive prince fan but I wasn't 'affected' physically by his passing. This was different. John was a huge asset to this industry, he was a pioneer of the youtube gaming community and he will be missed.
I have never been so sad for a person I didn't know.
His illness was known for a long time but seemed to be manageable/treatable until very recently. I had hoped he could beat the odds but it seems time was not on his side. Very sad to hear about his passing.
I hope TB gets all biscuits in heaven.
His video was the first time I saw League. 8 years later and I still play it. RIP John.
Who is he
Tophat icon please riot!
R.I.P
Fuck cancer. RIP TB
ummm, who is he?
I don't liked him, but I respected him. The community needs more ppl like him. RIP.
Fuck cancer.
[deleted]
Fucking hell.
This sucks.
For her to be strong enough to go on twitter to post that right now...jesus...she knows that it's what he wanted but if i lost a family member i would definitely have a hard time telling an audience about it.
My condolences..
https://imgur.com/a/8C0XAET
TB got me into a lot of things, including LoL. Great man, I will miss him. 
Pretty much the reason I began playing.
I play league because of his "WTF is.." series. Loved his videos, what a shame :(
I remember TB back from his Starcraft days.
It hits me hard that he’s actually gone. R.I.P. TB, you will be deeply missed.
For those of you who don't know, he is the LUL guy.
Hope he is finally at rest, and may he be forever remembered through this emote that brings everyone together!
RIP big guy, you are a gaming legend.
I'm still in shock. The man who brought me into "gaming culture" on the internet has passed. I will always be proud that my League account was made with his referral link.

o7
Not to take away from his legendary accomplishments or career, but I keep seeing posts like these where it says "varying opinions of him floating around" or something like it, did he do something controversial in the past? 
I wasn't ever a huge fan or anything, but I did watch his "WTF is...?" series quite a bit when I was in high school. He absolutely was one of the biggest names in gaming.

RIP
Remember when he told that guy to get cancer and die
Crying like a little fucking bitch right now. His content was one of the anchors for me to this world so i didn't end myself. Now this.
I sure hope league players would stop wishing others cancer when mad. A lot of kindness had been shown in this thread for TB but please take this a reminder that cancer is awful and not a joke for any body.
RIP. Watch what you eat kids. Take it easy on the Mountain Dew, energy drinks, and bacon.
The only reason I'm playing league is because of TB.
Rest my dude :(
Every expansion I was get excited waiting for him to upload his 30 legendaries deck video, RIP 
Man I used to spend hours watching his videos. This hurts to hear. Rip Totalbiscuit
Thank you TB, you will always be Legendary.
fking crazy
His youtube channel was my go to channel to look for a video when I wanted to buy a game off of steam back in the days.

Also I used to play Cho'Gath mid because I wanted to copy his Cho'Gath mid back in S2.

He posted on twitter about being in stage 4 back in April but I didn't expect him to pass so quickly, I hope Genna is going to get better soon.
Damn I thought he was doing good
How did he pass away?
I remember listening to WC Radio back in the day even before he and Erianna got married.  Thank you TB for always being an amazing pillar of the gaming community.  RIP
damn, i didn't even know he was sick.  very sad RIP
fuck
Rip TB a great youtuber who helped league get big and made great videos on SC2. He will be missed.
Oh fuck, I just heard his podcast the other day, I can't believe he is gone
I feel really bad that i didn't know him before.
My condolences to the Bain family and to everyone who invited Totalbiscuit into your homes/screens/battlestations/podcast subscriptions. Just to note at the great reach of a man lost too soon as of 21:05 Central time US the top 10 posts in r/all are dedicated to John “Totalbiscuit” Bain.  
This is sad news for his family, all he wanted to do was bring news to pc gaming and provide for his family and she's in the spotlight at the worst time.
It's crazy to realize how many hours I've spent listening to his voice and his opinions on games. He very much got me into many indie games I wouldn't have gotten to play otherwise.
I feel it's fitting that the item was renamed. It's a symbol of his will to fight against the cancer that took him from his family. And even in death, his will for the continuing evolution of the gaming community will last on forever.
TB has contributed so much to gaming it is insane. Even without all of that, I will forever remember him for his PURE love of gaming and how much he cared about us. Thank you TB for everything. 
who is this guy? I'm out of the loop
AOC featuring her clutch Baron snipe on IG

BOOOOOOM baron nashor
Was really confused how AOC stole baron against Invictus Gaming for a second there
I really enjoy watching like, normal people, get excited about playing league. Reminds me that not everyone's as serious about the game as people on this sub. It's kinda wholesome.
This is only weird because 90% of our politicians are 70+ years old and probably hardly know how to use computers in the first place. That’s the real shame
Poor Baron, literally /r/MurderedByAOC
She plays ranked in Silver too, btw.

Edit: A few people are kinda too quick to let me know that this is just a FOTM post to get attention, but I recall her actually placing in Bronze and made a point to promote to Silver, which she shared back in November 2019. She's played the game for a while, at least long enough to be a self-proclaimed Lux/Sona support main... 😑
theres something so weird with politicians playing the same video games as me, not that its bad or anything, just an odd feeling, almost like they are relatable or something wild
I like how she’s m7 lux lol
Inb4 comments locked
But did she go afk after that tho?

For the newer players: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdUmSQ4exWc
if you wanted to know what a “new york accent” sounds like this is a pretty good video for that
Well she has the "film with my phone instead of using the record function" part of this community down.
i am guessing she's very controversial in america ?
America is one step away from deciding who is president by a league tournament, hence why AOC is practicing
I thought IG meant she was playing against Invictus Gaming players lol
I wish I had any concept of what's happening here. Is this good? Easy? Hard?


Thank you to everyone for their helpful responses.
Just here waiting comment section not to be 100% about politics.
I hate this game so much but I can’t stop playing it. I need to go to rehab
I'm just here before the shit hits the fan.
I thought this was wholesome AF and shared it w my friends and my friend says, “no wonder why congress ain’t getting any work done” bruh what???
TIL that AOC is a filthy Lux player
Nice! I loved stealing baron with lux. I had a game where I successfully stole baron 3 times with lux. The enemy team actually conceded and surrendered the match (not ranked) my team had a rough teamfight but was turtling well enough that they couldn't finish us off without the baron buff. Still one of my best league memories.
I was wondering how she handles the toxicity in soloque then realized she deals with politicians all day. League flame must be relaxing compared to that.
I love it that she actually plays the game
when a fucking politician is better at LoL then me, who plays like 4h every day
meta commentary on how AOC is on the "blue team" and steals control away from the "red team" :D
Here before locked comments. I could see her getting into low gold on her free time. She seems mechanically proficient, she's got decent map awareness, and she doesn't seem like the type to fly off the handle and feed consecutive deaths.

Managed to time lux ult against positioning and didn't immediately go looking to clean up baron pit.
[removed]
You could post "AOC drinks cup of water" and droves of angry conservatives will immediately click to comments to make sure everyone knows how angry they are about it. 


It's a member of Congress sniping baron, it's gonna be okay. I know you are easily upset.
She's my age and I can confirm that people my age do in fact play video games.
Strange how the comments are wholesome. Didn't expect that.
Toxic lol players are worse than gop. No wonder she can be in politics
r/MurderedByAOC
Yoooooo AOC is too powerful. She will be undefeated in all things. Be afraid conservatives! She is coming to solo your nexus!!!
Who's that, the CEO of AOC?
Baron steals are always satisfying, unless it’s happened to you. Nothing sucks more than getting it down, hitting it with Smite a second too soon, and then getting it stolen....
Remember when Republicans liked Sarah Palin ‘cause she’s “hot” and now trash AOC cause she plays video games?

pepperidge farm remembers
i'm disappointed that AOC doesn't have an AOC monitor
What a gamer
Leftist smite
Where are her feet?
I wonder if she’s blue side every game
Man i love AOC , if i was American  i would def vote for her , she resonates more with my zoomer ass brain .
That was a nice snatch. I love doing the same with Lux.

Off-topic: Americans are so lucky to have her. She's well educated and well articulated person.
This woman understands me on a level no other politician has. So proud she repsents this country.
Can't wait to sort by controversial.   
P.S. she smart enough not to reveal her LoL username
I've never liked her much, but this is pretty wholesome. I never thought politicians would find the time to play League.
I can only imagine what zoomers will post once they reach politican age
Going to say “Booooom! Baron nashor” every time I secure smite.
who is aoc?
the greatest thing in league i’ve ever done is snipe baron on lux. COMPLETELY blind. :D  we had no vision on them, so i said to myself “are they doing baron?” and fired my ult over there, and fuckin’ STOLE it. I was so happy, but none of my friends believe me. It was just dumb luck is all.
What a person of culture.
Just showed my German GF and she even knows who AOC is. Really cool to relate to someone.
Recorded monitor with camera, gonna have to revoke that gamer license. /s.
Im feeling adventurous today, lets sort by controversial!
Gotta say, most of the comments here are genuinely civil and even the comments that are discussing why they like/dislike AOC are done in a non-bashing/well-written way regardless of opinion.

I thought this post might get locked soon after it went up but I can see why it hasn’t.
I was expecting her to say "BOOM BITCH!" and now I'm disappointed :(
Things I didn't know happened for $500.



AOC plays LOL....
National Treasure
Anyone who can brave the rifts can certainly brave other politicians.
AOC smurfing in Senatelow
Aoc plays lux? Def not voting for her /s
AOC is awesome
Republicans will say she is hacking.
even AOC doesn’t use the screen record function and instead takes shitty phone videos
yo nice steal AOC
The amount of no flairs that pop up in every non-political subreddit in any post remotely related to politics is fucking hilarious.
Am I the only one upset that she's taking a picture of her monitor with her phone?
Fake Moba. If this gets enough upvotes it will be the first image to show up when searching "Fake Moba"

This is a bamboozle to get a Dota pic to the top of the league page. Don't fall for his trap.
who even searches "fake moba"
Nobody searches MOBA because everybody's searching for Alliterative Arena games.
That's not a MOBA, that's an Aeon of Strife Style Fortess Assault Game Going On Two Sides
I am betraying my own brethren by upvoting this. 
This one hurt. Ima go random any one of the free 112 heroes and draw dicks on the mini-map while chatting to my friends with the in game voice chat. 

ಥ_ಥ    
Only one way to solve this. 5 League pros vs 5 Dota pros BO3.

Game 1 in LoL, Game 2 in Dotes, potential game 3 in HotS.

I'm sure those fuckin' memelords at Moonduck would cast it.
Yeah they should play a real MOBA like CS:GO
So your karma farming is through the roof. How's your in game farm?
I'm a simple man.
I see Dota logo, I upvote. 
Guys don't fuck with the Dota2 community.. it's a win win for them 
Love me some fake Moba
The next time anyone searches for "Fake Moba" without having being prompted by this thread... would have been the first time anyone has ever searched for "Fake Moba".
It's for all those people who are like "Hmm, I really want to play fake moba, let's see which one is the top one" [googles fake moba] 
been playing dota 2 5 years and I upvoted this
The Dota subreddit did the same with League and it only has 414 upvotes yet it's the third result on google images. This picture has 35k upvotes and isn't even on there. Fake search engine.
> arguing over which moba is better  
  
like arguing whether you'd rather have heart or brain cancer
You calling your daddy fake?
https://i.gyazo.com/aaf882f4e7d5411c5f66c74c9157bc6d.png

you have been bamboozled to the highest degree.
Isn't DOTA the better game though anyway. I don't play moba's but basically everyone tells me league is for causals. 
Any publicity = good publicity 
MOBA legends is the realist moba
WE DID IT REDDIT http://i.imgur.com/VmIpr4M.jpg
Dota2 is not a MOBA tho
[Result: total fail?](http://imgur.com/gallery/rCIag)
DUCK FOTA
Any dota 2 hero vs any league hero any time any day
Someone explain how on earth these threads are getting so many upvotes?
[removed]
how can dota be fake if our eyes are fake?
As a dota player, I'll up vote this. We hate being called a Moba.
Technically it is a fake Moba considering that it classifies itself as an ARTS :thinking:
well... u guys took it too far

edit: NVM DOTA IS FOR HARDCORE GAMERS.  QT SAID IT BETTER: https://clips.twitch.tv/IntelligentBumblingBeaverFloof

Jebaited
SAD!
Honestly dota > lol
is it working as intended?
http://i.imgur.com/57qVI10.png
FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA 
[deleted]
As a Dota player, I appreciate our brothers trying to make sure we are properly not referred to as a MOBA, as we are clearly an Aeon of Strife Styled Fortress Assault Gaming Going On Two Sides. Also liking the fact that we're on your front page ;)

Carry on Summoners.
So we shitting on a game that has better developers and the ability to steal cs, buy flashes, and never leave lane to get items so there's a lot more action than down time? 
LEAGUE IS A MOBA, DOTA IS A ASSFAGGOTS, GET IT RIGHT YE LEAGUETRASH
I always knew this sub was nothing but Russian shills #leagueofpuppets 
Don't mind me. Just trying to get this post to hot page. For a good reason.
Lol
We will queue Taliyah's wall and Earthshaker will pay for it!
[removed]
Hah, april fools lol players :)
It's hard out there for a fake Moba!
What the fuck is happening. Like how the fuck is so much content on this sub memes. 
Lol quality shitpost. I'm gonna go play in DotA's custom game arcade so I can play a REAL Mobe
:( im gonna go play a game with 112 completely free HEROES and virtually no loading screens now :(
Better than LoL
FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA FAKE MOBA
Just watched a trailer..seems better than LOL 
Kids, this is pathetic. Watch some dota2ti_newcomer stream and who knows, maybe you can learn to play some real game.
good job it isnt a moba then
ITT mad fake moba players
As someone who's played both, League is WAYYYYY better. For fucks sake, they don't even have a locking camera. You legit can't lock on to champ and keep it that way without constantly pressing space to center back on your champ.
After seeing all these comments it really just confirms that only children are playing this game
Haven(t been following the moba genre for a while, what happened? did dota 2 do a bad update?
This doesn't even work anymore please just stop
Soo. What was the original moba? Please enlighten me
We reddit did it
#2 already. PUSH IT TO THE TOP
#THIS IS THE DANKEST TIMELINE FOLKS MLGA!
Atm it is the 12. result 
http://imgur.com/a/bAMdG
lmao we did it reddit?
I don't get the dota league hatred. People that play the other game to you have a much closer hobby to you than basically any other people in the world outside people that play your actual game. 
Seriously?
FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA. FAKE MOBA.
WE DID IT
https://www.google.com/search?q=fake+moba&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS708US708&espv=2&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiayPmO7IPTAhUK7WMKHdMHDG4Q_AUICSgC&biw=1920&bih=974
who searches fake moba?
Aeon of Strife Styled Fortress Assault Game Going On Two Sides.
[deleted]
I love how people are debating hots, lol, and dota, but no one even bothers to mention smite, my second favorite Mona after league
Fauxba 
And then everyone are shocked when people call league players toxic idiots 
Good job
I know it's probably bait
But it's stupid af
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
U matherfacker
Downvote if your from the rift this is a bamboozle boys
Who the fuck is going to Google fake moba? 
#RIPLEAGUE
Actually if you google 'fake moba' league of legends is the 2nd result.
Love me some Merill 
DotA is an ARTS. 

lol is a mobo 
The only people still on DOTA are hipsters that didn't wanna cut ties with 500-1000 hours of gameplay way back in 2011.
take that, league dorks!! <3 I love you all
I prefer league.... but this is meeeaaan
Hahaha oh my god this is hilarious, I love it when groups challenge their opposition through a comic medium.
It's just poking fun 
You do realize all three mobas have different good points about them league is a more entry-level DotA and smite is a different game altogether about skillshots rather than top down they all have stuff to offer. 
We made it
LOL
If only there was a bridge.... 
Hello r/disneydota
