Me thinks, you cannot claim to be a patriot if you’re charging the US Capitol waving confederate flag
Seen a few of those today. Also satisfaction watching trumpers get pepper spayed. Almost staring to like cops...jk
Imagine liking  any politician this much. Let alone Donald trump
We will die for cheesecake factory and mountain dew code red
Law and order??
My trump loving dad is saying antifa did it dressed as MAGA. I just fucking can’t anymore guys. I feel like my future kids are fucked if that logic is in my bloodline
What gets me is the people with the Gadsden flags. You’re waving a flag that stands for liberty and states’ rights while you demand that the federal government overrule the will of the people and the states. Not the brightest bunch out there.
Just as many Gadsden flags.  Never should've courted the GOP.  Huge mistake.  Americans will associate libertarianism with trumpism for the next 20 years.
Not to mention the continued desecration of the Gadsden flag.
[deleted]
Me thinks you can’t wave a confederate flag and be a patriot
so long to the era of peaceful transitions of power. it was a good run
I'm just happy the right is coming around to fuck the police position.
Well, the police have every right to defend the capitol. They are justified using force at this point.
[deleted]
Portland protestors got beat by the cops for getting near a fence but these folks can break into the Capitol during a joint session of Congress before tear gas was deployed.
People asking for police reform? Shoot 'em with rubber bullets.

People literally storming the capital building? Use the kids gloves.  


Fucking right wingers have gone full-blown authoritarianism and aren't even hiding it.  


Can't wait for the "there are no left libertarians, only right libertarians exist" crowd to come and explain why this is a totally appropriate response and that protesters earlier in the summer should be hanged.
[deleted]
and I don’t think you can fly the Don’t Tread On Me flag when you are blatantly tread on us and our democratic process. This is authoritarianism.
Kills me seeing so many no step flags, literally auth fuck boys
It’s terrorism.

They stormed one of the most important buildings of our government, causing a huge security risk to all elected officials and a creating an even bigger risk to sensitive information stored in the capitol building.

I’m utterly baffled they were able to get a fraction as far as they did.
Repubs complaining the Dems haven't accepted the 2016 election, while they still haven't accepted the civil war
Law and order?
I'm not a libertarian, far from it, but I try to understand the other side's opinions and arguments and so I am on various different subs. And I have to say that I'm very happy with the level of civility in this sub, which has become apparent in the past couple of months. For comparison, I've been to some conservative's subs and it is a complete shitshow. r/libertarian, I applaud you
Some trump's supporters are on Twitter claiming these people are anifa in trump clothing.  Cowardly morons.
I mean trump lost 2020 election and theyre still flying those dumb flags. Its the confederate flag 2.0
These "patriots" tore down US flags and replaced them with Trump flags.
Today, the US showed the world that its become more of an extension of Latin America than rather the “leaders of the free world”.

Rampant corruption, populist rhetoric from all sides, widespread ignorance, weak institutions.

Here is an article of what happened in Ecuador last year as comparison: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-49981521
Congress got the smallest taste of what they deserve by the least qualified people to give it to them.
This is a travesty.
Confederate Flag, more like Traitor's Rag

This post was made by Union Gang.
People have truly lost their damn minds.
I mean you're a patriot, you're just a patriot of a no-longer-existing, defeated and disgraced traitorous state that you've never lived in.
Some cops opened the barricades for them.

My question is, why does the National Guard form a line when BLM shows up, but this crowd gets a gaggle of Capital Police?

I also saw someone mace the cops, which in this situation would get someone shot, in my mind.
sedition: conduct or speech inciting people to rebel against the authority of a state or monarch

"**Sedition** is a serious felony punishable by fines and up to 20 years in prison and it refers to the act of inciting revolt or violence against a lawful authority with the goal of destroying or overthrowing it."  


[https://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/sedition.html](https://criminal.findlaw.com/criminal-charges/sedition.html)
Or a thin blue line flag while carrying the gadsden flag.
Seems like there are more Gadsden, confederate and Trump flags than American ones.  Weird.
As a republican, the extremists that stormed the capitol are domestic terrorists, and should be treated as such. I’m ashamed of my party
The party of law and order at work.
Being a trump supporter and being an American patriot have never been compatible.
I believe I was promised a peaceful transfer of power.
The worst part was seeing all of those Don't Thread on Me flags. Libertarians really need to do something to distance themselves from these freaks.
They are shooting into the Chamber and throwing tear gas, according to C-SPAN!
Saw the news and was like "the hell is this?"

Please; I don't care what your views are, but if you're going to toss your life away like that, don't do it for that guy. In fact, don't do it for anyone beyond your loved ones. Of course, just a recommendation.
Trump supporters took down the flag at the Capitol and put a Trump flag up. That's all that needs to be said. These people are the enemy, traitors to our Republic.
[removed]
Oh look! It's another leftist scumbag pretending to be libertarian.

Go fuck yourself.
Waving the Confederate flag is no different then waving the Nazi flag.
It's gonna be hilarious when these joe schmoes realize that they have broken federal law and will go to prison while trump lives out his life with THIS governments secret service in Lago.
Mostly peaceful...
While I don’t support their agenda, it might be nice that the government receives notice that they can’t act with impunity. They should know that resistance is possible.
I mean that's a patriot, not for America, but for a country that doesnt exsist...and "wasnt about owning slaves" but it certainly seemed like a deal breaker for them.
They are straight up shitting all over the american flag with those cloth pieces of shit. Know your flag laws people. Fucking idiots lol im enjoying the popcorn!
This issue always raises the question of whether or not an entire group should be defined by its worst members.

For example, the BLM protests had many communist/socialist symbols carried by a minority of protestors.

Does that mean all of the BLM protest can be defined by them?
100% right OP. They are seditious at least, bordering on treason. & we all know if the BLM protesters did this they would have been shot & killed on mass
I don't think you can call yourself libertarian, storming the capitol in support of any elected candidate for the last, oh, 40 or so years. Government has only grown in power, with insignificant changes here and there.
What about the law and order they promised?
Deplorables.
Its almost as if the people waving confederate flag don't understand that it is symbolic of trying to end the United States. But yeah, 'murica!
Unpopular opinion: patriotism is a love of country. The state is not the country. The flag is not the country. The institutions are not the country. It's the people that are.

No Irish patriot would defend the government imposed by the British to this very day. Our country has been under occupation by a corrupt and brutal corporate class since its founding. There is no difference, the trappings and spectacle of democracy are just that: a meaningless Stormont farce, an increasingly unbelievable one at that.
Plenty of dont tread on me libertarian flag wavers too. Don't forget to shame your brothers for their mistakes...
If you believe this is a coup by the democrats (I do not) then this is the most patriotic thing you can do. Very patriotic morons.
Trump should do one of his Bible photo ops, that seems to clear up the protestors real quick
It would have been a better  show if rubber bullets were used the same manner on BLM and ANTIFA. 

Justice do have a preference.
I hope people have gotten out alright. This is like the March on Rome, really, so it must be terrifying to be in the midst of
There were more Trump flags than American flags. These aren’t patriots they are looters and rioters.
Come on..it’s very obvious that they were fighting for one of those amendment thingies ...doubt they found any in there.
Patriot doesnt mean US Patriot.

A Confederate Patriot absolutely would.
They're no different than BLM.  Crybabies who think their violence is justified.  

Of course that doesn't change the fact of the matter that Trump supporters rioting is called "insurrection" while BLM burning down police stations is called "making their voices heard".

I get the feeling that the media response to this will only reinforce their victimhood complex.  After all, the double standard is beyond blatant.
Bro stfu. You can’t be a patriot while licking corporations boots
Are you talking about the Mostly Peaceful protests???
How do 'we' feel that the Gadsden flag is so prominent as well? I don't think the people waving them uderstand it...also, I think I saw a space force flag
Mostly peaceful charging the US Capitol.
They should be charging the us capitol to override the democratic (more or less) process and install a dictator while waiving an AMERICAN flag, like true patriots.
None of the Trump supporters are "Patriots". They happened the foggiest idea of what a patriot is but the word seems to bolster their egos and give them the delusional right to hurt other people.
Hey Libertarians. Glad to see the majority of you don't support this nonsense.
The actions of these people are an absolute embarrassment to this country. Imagine throwing away the tradition of peaceful transition for a fucking orange con man. Your guy lost, admit it to yourselves, shut the fuck up, go home, and rethink your life choices.
I mean, at least the Trump protestors are actually charging the US capitol.  That sends much more of a message to Politicians than just looting businesses that did absolutely nothing.  I hope more protests storm the capitol, cause that actually sends a message to the government.  Or burn down the IRS building so we have no taxes.
Those aren't Trump supporters! That's antifa dressed up as Trump supporters funded by George Soros. /s
Not saying these people are right. But just wanted to start a discussion and ask why do you honestly think they are doing this?

A few things come to mind.
- Not trusting election outcome.
- Being very loyal to Trump and showing up because he asked.
- These people are simply bad?
- Any other reasons?
They really need to invent a Trumpist Gadsden. Same flag, but with a blue line that adds "But please tread on them".
I think the real question is, is now the time for Libertarians to take the Gadsden flag back from “conservatives”?
This sub is a regressive leftist shithole. Nothing in here is remotely libertarian any more.
Agreed. Too stupid. THE CONFEDERATE FLAG IS A DEMOCRAT FLAG. No one identifying as a Republican should ever display it.
Yea, but fighting against a tyrannical government is libertarianism at its finest
Patriot- someone who questions authority instead of blindly following it.  Waving a flag has nothing to do with patriotism and everything to do with propaganda.
The more comments in this sub that I read, the more I realize not many people in here truly understand libertarianism.
Says the guy from Utah lol you cannot claim to be a patriot if you're unwilling to fight for your country
Me thinks, you canot claim to be a patriot if you're dumping tea into Boston harbor, waving the American flag.
I see the majority of "libertarians" on this page vote red or blue but not black/gold.. The " I voted for Biden" or "I voted for Trump". Not one of you voted for Jo.  Fake libertarians. I'm leaving this sub.
“Libertarian”
So this sub has just gone full r/politics I see.
My boomer parents are in complete denial that these people are Trump supporters. They think it’s Antifa.
Has anyone considered the possibility everyone who supports Trump is factually, objectively, fucking stupid?
> Also satisfaction watching trumpers get pepper spayed. Almost staring to like cops 

So you only dislike cops if they are pepper spraying Biden supporters?

Anyone can claim to be a patriot. But we all seem to have slightly different opinions on what it means to be patriotic. Odd that now isn't it?
Both sides though.
Phoenix cops kill white guy who legally answered door with a firearm at his side. Put his free hand up and knelt down to put the gun on the ground and got shot three times in the back. Cops were there after responding to noise complaint over video game.

#[NO. ADVOCATING. VIOLENCE.](https://www.reactiongifs.com/r/SLJ.gif)

Reddit rules prohibit advocating violence. If you want to advocate murdering cops, go to r/ChapoTrapHouse and do it.
He thought he was going to shoot his partner? 

Ahh yes... the tactical squat with one hand raised, a very deadly maneuver. The officers are lucky they survived.
Gee and fuck the stupid neighbor for lying about a domestic assault going on so the cops would show up faster for a simple noise complaint.
After not being able to see them through the peephole, and having a light shines on his face, he realized they were cops, pointed his gun AWAY from them into his own home, dropped it, got on his knees, and extended his arms for them to see, and did this all immediately. He simply could not have complied any faster, and they still shot him. How is he able to make sense out of the situation better than 2 trained professionals?
Cops out here proving it’s murder itself they get off on and just don’t give a shit how they do it.
>The cops arrived eight minutes later and knocked on the door with one of them yelling "Phoenix police" before both of them stepped off to the side, making it impossible for anybody to see them through the peephole. When Whitaker opened the door with the gun to his side, the cops shined their flashlights in his face, blinding him before noticing the gun.

Maybe when police knock on a door they should fucking be visible when people check through the peephole? Maybe they shouldn't be so aggressive with their flashlights and posture for a goddamn noise complaint. 

So sick of our jackboot police force which begins every interaction so afraid for their lives and assumes everyone is going to shoot them right out the bat.

E: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
[Additional video put out by the Phoenix Police](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=675vUIszwtw)
Too many issues with this one. 

1) He put up his left hand and knelt to put down the gun with his right. 

2) The gun was on the floor when the police started shooting.

3) The officer who started firing never saw the weapon. He was reacting to his partner drawing his own weapon and yelling 'Hands! Hands!'

4) The police were standing in a dispersed 'Ambush Setup' to give themselves cover should the situation become a shoot out. On the surface this might seem like best practices. But in front of a jury it will be argued that they were already expecting a firefight before they had even knocked on the door.

Conclusion- Wrongful death suite with a large out of court settlement. Nothing will change outside this man's family losing all faith in law enforcement. (While receiving a large amount of your taxes as compensation)
Hope the motherfucker that called and lied to the police feels good about costing someone their life.
This is terrifying
[deleted]
If cops "fear for their life" at the sight of a gun, they are in the wrong profession. I get there's a lot more to their job that doesn't deal with guns, but it's still an aspect to it, and has been since the gun was invented.
This is MURDER.  It's FUCKING PLAIN MURDER ON CAMERA.  The fact that this cop is not behind bars SCARES me.  Fuck this guy, he is a cold blooded murderer, I don't fucking understand why we let them enforce our laws.
END QUALIFIED IMMUNITY
They will never be charged, they won't even lose their jobs. The constitution says we are supposed to live in an equal society without classes, but police are routinely treated differently than the rest of us when it comes to criminal justice matters. 


The military works under similarly difficult conditions, and was able to adapt their justice system so people could still be held accountable for their actions, that's why we have the UCMJ.


And this is why we NEED police reform. If they want to enforce the law, they need to be held responsible by it when shit like this happens.
[deleted]
The police intentionally blinded the guy by shining the flash light in his face.  He reached for a gun because their setup was indistinguishable from an armed robbery.  Regardless of whether they verbally announced it, what if he had his volume up, or he was hearing impaired?

I think the fear for an officer's life should be removed as a justification for lethal force.  Cops need to be retrained so they are not so trigger happy.  I feel like this all could have been avoided by just having the police make a phone call to assess the situation first.
There are people in other corners of the internet holding this up as a reason to ignore the BLM protests, as opposed to a reason to support them. These officers should be tried and convicted for murder.
Do cops just forget you're legally allowed to own guns? Fucking idiots.
That was murder.
Never open the door for the police. If they have a warrant they’ll break it down - otherwise they can F off
And that's why we need to rethink policing. We don't need armed cops responding to a noise complaint.
"don't worry I won't shot you" the fuck
Is a gun a threat if it's not pointed at someone?

Edit...wow that's a lot more comments than I usually get... Usually when I get a whole bunch of replies, they're not all worthy of reply... These are worthy but my reply is basically the same for all.

I don't think ACAB and I don't want any harmed. Still the facts are, auto accidents and heart attacks, are the top causes of police deaths. 

In this case two cops in vests, with guns drawn and aimed, shouldn't be threatened by a gun not pointed at them.
Just more cops killing innocent men. Change needs to happen.
Manic cops are not a black issue. Most of the footage from the protests was cops kicking white peoples ass for no reason.

But black people were charged with more serious offenses once arrested and processed
-- "ok fellas, we look like racist pieces of shit in the eyes of the whole world. How can we rehabilitate our image?"

-- "How about no more murders?"

-- "No."

-- "I got one, let's kill more white people."

-- "Johnson, you're a genius."
Goes to show you can comply and still die at the hands of the police.
So why aren’t we defunding the police...? I don’t care if you’re BLM or not, let’s just hamstring these evil fucking cops
[deleted]
You would think cops would be a bit less trigger happy after recent events.
He did everything right, at no point did he even POINT his gun. Cops are trained to shoot first ask questions later. How can you say you protect, while only serving yourself?
This sounds very confusing.

Ok so there's noise complaints over a video game.  Sure could be a military shooter and the police over reacted (Which is completely wrong because military shooters sound like war zones, not peaceful residences.)   But nope... He's playing fucking CRASH BANDICOOT?  Wut? 

The police though came fully armed with guns out?  Then duck off to the side like it's a fucking home invasion?    Sure, the neighbor wound them up, clearly, though that's probably because that's the only way to get the police to react in these situations, but seriously coming in full militarized and then acting shock when people react that way?

But the real problem I have is "Killed with in five seconds" "Shot in the back" And kneeling to put down the gun."  It sounds impossible and then there's the video where all of that stuff is what happened. WTF?   

The police are definitely in the wrong, though the guy shouldn't have stepped out. (Again not justifying the police nor their response, he just did something unsafe, don't step out, don't fully open doors especially if you expect there to be trouble). 

Though I want to applaud the police for releasing this footage, scummier places would have a "computer malfunction"
Cops can start blasting whenever they feel the slightest concern for their own safety but members of the public can't even have a gun if they're concerned for their safety.

Why does porky get to be prepared for the worst case scenario but the rest of us have to act like our own safety can't be undermined.
This is why we need to keep protesting. It might be under the name of BLM in terms of media coverage, but the issues being fought apply to everyone, even if disproportionate.
Never open the door.
“See? White people are also killed by the police, nothing to see here. Get back to your bootlicking, Kyle”
Zero deaths by police is acceptable. I am constantly amazed by people that accept death as a result of a police interaction. As conflicted as I am about body cams, for this mans sake and anyone else who’s death was caught on camera, I am grateful. Ugh.
However you feel about BLM, they're the only group getting results on this front.  Be an ally and we'll all benefit from the police not being above the law, especially the good cops who have to work with these psychos everyday.
As a cop (verified on r/ProtectAndServe) this shit pisses me off so much. The only reason he was shot is because he had a gun in his hand. Not once making any threatening gestures or motions. While I’ll admit that he did come out of the house somewhat aggressively that doesn’t justify shooting him. If I was in his position and I hear someone bang on my door yelling police but I can’t see police cars and I can’t see anyone outside my door through the peep hole I’m coming out the same way. Going off that I understand why the police were situated the way they were, on a domestic call (which is what they were wrongfully given by the caller, who should be charged) you never stand in front of the door in the event that someone wants to open fire through the door. On top of that after he realized they were police he put his hand up and nervously squatted which I don’t understand how you can perceive as a threat. The officer that shot him wasn’t even the one in the line of fire he’s a jumpy trigger happy piece of shit that just murdered this guy. I think it should say something in the fact that the officer he was facing didn’t shoot him even though he would’ve been at the most risk. The officer that shot him should be fired and charged with murder no way around it. Fuck cops like that.
I wonder if there were body cams and what they show.
Do. Not. Ever. Call. The. Police.
I agree with most people’s call to demilitarize the police. BUT we also need to repeal some of the erroneous laws they are told to enforce (drugs laws being a big one). We also have to loosen restrictions on gun laws so that law abiding citizens are able to protect themselves and their property from criminals.
Fuck the police.
You know how like fire fighters die in the line of duty, the coast guard, military are all willing to die for us, yet cops are not willing to take a bullet at all for us.
dOn’T bReAk tHe law, aNd CoMplY, aNd yOu’lL bE fInE
I gotta say- prior to the BLM movement (Specifically the mountain of video evidence of absolutely atrocious abuse of power and state sanctioned murder by police) I always saw this sub as a little... Trumpy....But I'm comfortable saying I'm wrong; and consistently I'm impressed by the logical and philosophical consistency here.

This video is fucking atrocious.... more eyes need to be on this ... anybody with half a heart or half a brain or half a sense of right and wrong can see what the fuck this is.

Murder by a bunch of twitchy fucks who have been conditioned to know that almost no matter what they do they will get away with it, trained to believe that their fear for their life is worth more than another humans actual life.Under-trained people who have no right being cops.
Ryan Whitaker. His name was Ryan Whitaker, not "white guy."
Defund the police
As people were saying defund the police
911 is for emergencies... you know, like loud neighbors. Fucking idiot, upstairs.
why have the 2nd amendment if you get killed for exercising the right....
This is, imo, what I think the BLM movement is trying to shine a light on. I know there are a LOT of racial elements as well, but if there was a primary takeaway, it would be to completely disband and reform the police. I'm not sure for what, but at this point I think we should try something else.
Dear people: "my neighbors are making too much noise" is not a 911 call.

Police have non-emergency lines. Use that so people don't get fucking murdered by the state because you can't talk to your neighbors.
**NEVER OPEN THE DOOR FOR POLICE.**  

**NEVER. OPEN. THE. DOOR. FOR. POLICE.**
This man was murdered.

That being said...DO NOT FULLY OPEN A DOOR AND QUICKLY RUSH OUT WITH A GUN IN YOUR HAND IF YOU DONT KNOW WHOS AT YOUR DOOR.
That kill would violate the ROEs I was given in Iraq 10 years ago.
We need to disarm the police. I'm tired of watching people have their homes invaded before they get murdered.
Fuck the police, and fuck their insufferable cunt of a neighbor who called *911* at *10:45* PM to report a *noise complaint as if it were a goddamn emergency*.

Those cops should be charged with murder, and their neighbor should be charged with manslaughter.
#gamerslivesmatter
Acab
What’s up with these assholes and murdering innocent people ?
We should riot, right?
I expect the white lives matter folks to get behind this and demand justice, right?

Oh no, they never cared about other white folks, they just hate black people.
Three shots to the back of a kneeling person looks more like an execution than a regular old murder.
The man was playing Crash Bandicoot if that’s a litmus test of how dangerous he was
Fuck that shit, aside from some wholeheartedly good cops, most of them are too weak to join the military and go to war but they’re just itching for the chance to kill someone. 

Does anyone have any stats on the amount of dogs that they kill every day/month/year. I personally know 3 people who have had their dogs killed by cops and the worst one was shooting them over the fence and never even entering the actual yard they so desperately had to “clear”
Sad, man, but that's America in a nutshell. You're absolutely free to bear arms, and you are absolutely free to get shot in the back by police while you hold one because you could be a maniac with a gun. It's a free country.

I hope the guy that called the police gets absolutely no sleep whatsover for the rest of his miserable life. Who calls 911 for a noise complaint? That should be misuse of the emergency system.
I don't care what letters you claim, BLM, 2A supporter, LGBTQ, MRM...this is MURDER and we all should be against it, together.
Calling the cops is tantamount to calling a hitman... We know what they do!! Fuck the neighbor who called em
[removed]
This is literally what BLM protests are about.
Yes. ACAB.
These cops are yet again proving all cops, all departments, all police unions are super corrupt. The police culture is vile. To shoot someone in the back is the ultimate piece of shit thing to do.
What a nightmare of a situation... I thought the headline might have been alarmist, but when I watched the video and holy FUCK. This poor citizen did nothing wrong, and cop couldn't keep his fucking finger from pulling the trigger even though the guy immediately complied and showed no signs of aggression. Heartbreaking
Can we start talking about defunding the police yet?
In case you're wondering, THIS is why people are calling to defund police.
Maybe we should organize some kind of effort to defund the police.
A lot of us in the 2A community have been telling you straight vote Republicans this shit happens. We have been saying don't fly that Thin Blue Line bullshit.
Nothing will happen to the cops. 

Their badge is permission to kill.
America is such a fucked country. Glad I dont live in that 3rd world shithole
DEFUND. THE. POLICE. You'd think libertarians would be supporting this movement...its been quite disappointing to see the total silence from libertarian politicians on rampant police abuse.
God damn, it's like they're speed-running how quick they can kill someone
I don’t understand how as Americans, we can act like our right to bear arms is normal and safe, but at the same time, “they had a gun” is a valid excuse (especially so in cases where it’s not so). I don’t believe our society can have it both ways.

Some really has to give here. In all cases, you shouldn’t be killed by police for exercising your rights.
The US is like a bully who goes out hitting everyone who looked at him wrong, then when you discover the same guy is also an abusive husband and father you all put the surprised pikatchu face.

Come on people, if you have lots of people who love bombing other people on the other side of the planet because of communism or oil or anything, then you will have others who will do the same to you inside your country, why? because it's a mentality thing, takes lots of lack of empathy to bomb a wedding with 100 people attending because there is intel that there is a 4% chance 1 terrorist is attending, but more importantly, the general population must be numb as fuck to violence to not protest this, a peaceful nation would hit the streets the day they hear something like this (a war crime) happened, and will do anything to change their leadership so they don't get blood on their hands, a warlike nation doesn't give a fuck if it's on the other side of the planet but shouldn't act surprised when blood is spilled within its borders by those same people who swear to protect them.
Gestapo is a more fitting name for them now. I used to be timid around cops but now i make sure to grill them so they know they’re not welcome and no longer feared
I can't wait for absolutely nothing to change because of this.
give the good ol boys in r/protectandserve a load of this
An injustice for one is an injustice for all. The canary in the coal mine is always the most fragile in society. It doesn’t have to be like this.
Phoenix police shooting from few years back was even worse.  [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/09/us/police-shooting-video-arizona.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/09/us/police-shooting-video-arizona.html)
I'm really surprised we don't have people shooting cops on sight at this point. They are literally violent criminals that are a threat to everyones safety.
Texas Valedictorian’s Speech: “I am terrified that if my contraceptives fail me, that if I’m raped, then my hopes and efforts and dreams for myself will no longer be relevant.”

Hello r/all.

Were glad you came. However the following report reasons are not valid here:

* Misinformation
 * the cure for misinformation is not to censor it, but for people to point out how asinine and bullshit it is.
* rude, vulgar, offensive
 * we do not have a "be civil" rule

We mod in a very hands off way. No comment will ever be removed for those reasons. We dont care.

I dont even read what was reported, I just hit "approve" to dismiss the report. You are wasting your time.
> The bill, which takes effect in September, makes no exception for pregnancies resulting from rape or incest and allows individual citizens to sue healthcare workers and anyone else who may have helped a pregnant woman obtain the procedure.

Who would have standing?
Prolifers be like 

- don't have sex before marriage

- don't get raped.

Simple rules you can follow
I think this law is also aimed at convincing young mostly left leaning Texans to move out of the state.
Okay, so, correct me if I'm wrong.

This means that if a 13 year old girl was raped by her father, or some other similarly horrific circumstance, she'd have to bear the kid?
Might as well kill your rapist if getting an abortion gets you a longer sentence.
Some things to know if you're going to try and legislate someone else's medical options:

[In 2018, approximately three fourths (77.7%) of abortions were performed at ≤9 weeks’ gestation, and nearly all (92.2%) were performed at ≤13weeks’ gestation.](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/ss/ss6907a1.htm)

[Gestational age describes where you are in your pregnancy. It’s measured from the first day of your last menstrual period (LMP) to the current date, typically in weeks.](https://flo.health/pregnancy/week-by-week/gestational-age)

Gestational age -not fetal age- is the benchmark used in legislation. Contrary to all sense, the entire week of your last period counts as 1 week pregnant. So if you are 5 weeks pregnant, you are only *1 week late* if you have a perfectly regular cycle. Most women have irregular cycles and have no idea that they are pregnant until well into the first trimester. Looking at the two statistics, we can see that the majority of abortions are performed really quickly, especially considering that many states have mandatory waiting periods.
If a woman's cycle is 28-30 days how TF can 2 weeks be enough time to make a decision on abortion. Most people wouldn't even know they are pregnant until they miss a cycle and realize something is different. This law is absolutely insane and government overreach.
Everything’s bigger in Texas. Especially the invasion on a woman’s body.
Unfortunately, the state that I live in has signed a near-total abortion ban (similar to Texas') into law recently as well. 

Arkansas law bans providers from performing abortions "except to save the life of a pregnant woman in a medical emergency," and makes **absolutely no exceptions** for instances of ***rape, incest or fetal anomalies***. (Those found to violate the new abortion law could face a fine of up to $100,000 and up to 10 years in prison once the law goes into effect on July 31, 2021).

The thought of any victim of rape, incest, etc having **absolutely no option** but to go through with a pregnancy and birth on top of the trauma that they already have endured is repulsive and barbaric.

Furthermore, as a currently pregnant woman, the thought of hypothetically finding out that my child had severe abnormalities/deformities that would make it completely unviable (or suffer tremendously if it even made it to birth) and my doctor and I having **absolutely NO option** to terminate for medical reasons to avoid unnecessary pain and suffering, is disturbing, disgusting and traumatizing to even think about.

This makes my heart ache even more for mothers who will be put in situations like this by ignorant Governors & lawmakers who only care about their hard-on for overturning Roe V Wade instead of the repercussions of bills like this because they are men and they simply don't give a fuck. They will never be the ones suffering through such horrifying predicaments resulting from the legislation they made.
>I think when the Constitution says that persons are entitled to equal protection of the laws, I think it clearly means walking-around persons. You don't count pregnant women twice.

—Justice Antonin Scalia
This is then clearly saying  "We want to punish women for having sex, and for getting raped too"

If they care for the child, they should invest in education and child care. They don't do that, they just want to punish women for having sex. That's it.
The abortion argument always seperates the actual libertarians from the embarrassed Republicans. If you are pro-life you are in no way shape or form a libertarian.
What in the Saudi Arabia is this insane law and how was it allowed to pass in a 1st world nation?
I have a healthy beautiful son.  However, genetic testing on us showed an uncomfortably high probability that our son would be born with a degenerative condition which would cause him inhumane suffering and death within a year or 2.  We had an amnio at 3 months and they took 2 months to get us the results that he was healthy.  We were dying inside waiting for the news and considering the options.  

Had that test come back with terrible results, we would have likely aborted him past 5 months and had to fly to a different state to do it.  We could just not see the benefit in having a dying, largely vegetative child, who would needlessly suffer a couple years while costing millions of dollars in healthcare.

We never in a million years thought we would be doing that and I am glad we did not have to.  It was a deeply personal and private decision, but we would have been in that 1% of late term abortion cases which the moral right would have the parents executed for.

Legislation like this is put forth by fully stupid people who are morally bankrupt.
I am willing to seek some middle ground on the subject of abortion, though I personally favor it’s legality. But if you are not willing to make exceptions for cases like rape or to save the mothers life then I say you aren’t pro-life, you are just pro-birth and you really just want to control people and their options.
I'll never stop saying this. banning abortion does not stop abortions from happening. it stops *safe* abortions from happening.

edit: thanks for all the enlightening responses telling me that this logic is flawed because it can be applied to any crime, like comparing this to saying *let's legalize first degree murder because murderers will kill people anyways.* I'm just going to say that I think we have a fundamental disagreement here:

I'm not saying that abortion should be legal simply because people will get abortions even when it is illegal, I'm saying abortion should be legal, period. Abortion is healthcare and I'm not going to bother arguing why I do not equate a woman having an abortion to say, a woman murdering her neighbor. 

the argument is not to legalize abortion bc people will have abortions anyways, the argument is legalize abortion because it is a healthcare right that the government is actively trying to infringe on, and historically in the US, when abortion is banned, women die. banning abortion is oppressive, and instead of rape victims being given abortions by licensed, educated medical professionals, it leads to women bleeding out on their bathroom floor after attempting to abort their rape fetus themselves with a metal coat hanger since she didn't learn she was pregnant until she 7 weeks along and the government will throw her in prison for aborting the fetus with the help of a medical professional. 

abortion is healthcare, not a crime. that's the point. fuck off
How the fuck is this still an issue
Lol Texas repubs don't give a shit about bodily autonomy. They just want those sweet, sweet votes from people who make abortion their ONLY political issue
Abortion has existed for thousands of years. There's even a story in the Old Testament where an Israelite leader gives one of his wives an abortion potion referred to as "bitter water." It's only in the last century that we have tried to pass laws against it, afaik...

Controlling a woman's bodily functions is not a function of government. In some states, when a woman miscarries after the 1st trimester, she has to fill out documentation - an afadavit - that the miscarriage occurred naturally. This is all one GIANT example of state overreach.

Conservative efforts are restricting abortion are driven by only two goals. Emotionally baiting their constituencies and population control. Both sides of the aisle are concerned with the United States' ageing population - which will ultimately result in fewer consumers, and a smaller economy. This is unacceptable, because our current economic and monetary system relies on continued GDP growth. This is commonly seen throughout the history of the 20th century. Liberal efforts to achieve the same ends include open immigration policies and tax incentives for families with children.
Good for her
You are not required to donate blood, even if your own son needs a transfusion to live. You cannot be compelled to donate bone marrow, even if your child has leukemia and you are the *only* donor match. If you are brain dead and there are dying people in that very hospital that need your organs, if you never filled out a donor card your organs will rot in the ground, useless.

How is pregnancy any different?
Pussy is personal, you weird Texan evangelical monsters
That’s so sad :( I hope that law or bill gets removed. These poor women. Also, so proud of her for speaking up about it in her speech
...
Funny enough, I watched a Star Trek voyager episode last night, which has a quote from one character that sums up my views on state mandated births:

Survival is insufficient.

Forcing women to carry every fetus to full term is going to lead to unintended suffering. I truly don't think pro-life people fully acknowledge this, even if they understand or are aware of it. It seems to me that 90% of pro-life arguments stem from the belief that ending all life is murder and fundamentally intolerable in all circumstances. It's a strong stance, and a correct one I think, 99% of the time.

I can respect this, even if I personally think it's misguided and largely ignores the totality of the reality of what having "life" and truly "living" actually means.

Would you condemn 100 people to a life of pain, poverty, suffering and despair? On the chance that one of those people may escape their circumstances to lead a life of liberty and happiness? 

If you support state mandated births, that's what you are doing. The wrong thing, for the right reasons perhaps.

The question then invariably becomes: who gets to make that decision? Who decides which fetus can be brought to term, and become a baby? Who gets to decide on behalf of the unborn?

The answer is, has always been, and must continue to be the mother. Not the state. Not the romantic partner. Certainly not outside interest groups or unrelated individuals. The mother should choose whether to bring new life into the world or not.

Survival is insufficient.
I was set straight by my girlfriend on this. I soap box all the time about how the war on drugs forces people to an unsafe black market to do what they were already going to do in the first place. By making abortions illegal, we would be enabling a dangerous black market for women to go do what they are GOING to go do. I feel for the baby's rights, but you also can't restrict the mother's. This has always been a tough issue for me as a libertarian.
There's a lot of people in this thread that don't seem to understand how common sexual assault/ rape is, as well as how common broken condoms and failed birth control pills are.   

Also a lot of people saying she shouldn't live in fear of being raped, while being active in a Libertarian sub where we buy guns because it's our right to do so, with one of the main reasons being to protect ourselves from intruders/tyrannical govt....curious what the odds of each happening are.   

I think most people are comfortable with early term abortions, and as development goes on you start to lose support. But if you truly believe that when a woman gets raped she should have to carry the fucking child instead of killing off a few cells early on, seek help.

Edit: spelling
So here's my stance on the topic: 

If your state isn't going to let you abort your child during the first 10 or so weeks, especially if they're going to ignore any circumstance that led to you being pregnant (rape, contraception failure, comical mixup at the gynecologist) then its now the state's duty to ensure that child and that mother can have a decent life. 

If you're going to be pro-life, its stands to reason you also should be pro-staying-alive and pro-not-living-in-despair-forever. But these people couldn't give two shits if the mother and the baby hung themselves from a tree the day after the birth. 

Texans here are the absolute worst as they're letting their emotions fuel a scary dictator-like rule scheme so they can control people's bodies and lives without taking their history or their own personal beliefs into question. Who cares if mayor margette thinks all abortion is murder? Its lily's baby and she believes its only murder after the second trimester. 

Now they're actually taking it a step further too and will actively prosecute anyone associated with an abortion they've already had. Its one thing to not let someone get the medical treatment they need, but you have no right to hold it over them once they get their treatment elsewhere.
I just moved from North Dallas to Michigan, and could hear the screams of all the Karen's in that audience. Good for her. True inspiration.
Anyone here who claims to be a libertarian and also supports taking away women’s rights because of your religious beliefs is
A. A piece of shit
B. Not a libertarian
[deleted]
It's actually worse, it is authoritarian, the polar opposite of libertarian
If someone forced me to carry unwanted baby on full term, what is my right after that? Can I then signed the child away I the government and get money while I am pregnant and ongoing as it seems they view pregnancy as an abortion? 

There is no support for the mother with unwanted pregnancy. And the male are off the hook here.

Can the kid that born from the result of abortion rejection sued the government for having them growing up in unloved and no support system for them? 

There are so many questions that can to my mind and fundamentally why I don't have the right to dictate what is going on to my body but a bunch of consevative people who never have to live with the consequences. 

It isn't about getting a compensation just there is absolutely no support for the child to grow up happy under this law. Awful.
Meanwhile...this Texas Valedictorian thinks Jesus healed his flat feet and realigned his chromosomes. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/nqp2m3/valedictorian_praises_jesus_for_realigning_his/
Lots of fake libertarians here lmao.
My wife had a medical condition when we married.  A pregnancy would put her at very serious risk.  After six years of marriage, her doctor advised the risk had abated.  Ten months later our son was born.

I am not against abortion rational abortions, but believe society today takes this critically important issue for so many people far too lightly.
Here’s the tyrannical overreaching government the right is always talking about....
I still, after all these years, I still cannot understand how abortion is an issue - more so with the men who pass these laws. I’m a man - I don’t fucking get the obsession.
How in the f are we going backwards?  Hand Maids Tale isn't a strategy guide.
I am so sick and tired of the far right evangelicals trying to dictate how everyone else lives their lives.
Maybe if they had one they wouldn’t worry so much about other people enjoying theirs.
Then it turns out that they are hypocrites who do even worse things in their own lives.
This young lady is badass!
Shes not wrong. 
Any crazy assholes who are pro forced birth can take their asses over to the republican party, because they cant comprehend the concept of liberty.
First of all, arm yourself. Secondly, don't live in Texas.
Government needs to mind it's business.
Certainly not all people can, but people who can should flee a state that oppresses and denies them of their rights.
She has more balls that all the senators and representatives in the entire  Republican Party.  She is a super hero for speaking out loud!
Texas is now officially on the path the Sharia law. Just give it a year and they will be mandating burkas to discourage the men from raping. Honor killings will come soon after as women seek back alley abortions.
Abortions should be as easy to get as the COVID vaccine.
Seperation of state and church. Fuck off my rights.
Setting aside morality and humanity...which is not ideal...there is an economic case against this. If the smartest and most talented people recognize that their lives are in peril (women for obvious reasons, but men too for being on the hook for child support for 18 years because a condom or BC failed) then they will leave the state of Texas if they can. Texas is basically saying "we will happily spend money educating our best and brightest, while spending money investigating and punishing these new legal infractions...and if that causes a state brain drain then so be it". Petroleum is a dying industry and petroleum engineers tend to be smart people...who will now be disincentivized from moving to Texas because their govt has demonstrated reckless abandon for personal liberties. What is the plan?! Who is this for? From a political perspective, actually passing this legislation is dumb too because it gets rid of this flogging horse the GOP can trop out to whip up their base to go to the polls. This is just....mean spirited.
It’s not about being pro-life, it’s about pretending that liberals are baby killers. That’s the whole point, to bait the “others” into promoting what they market as killing babies. Liberal policies reduce abortion rates through sex ed and birth control, these are policies that *should* appeal to both sides of the debate, since it means fewer abortions, but they don’t.

Besides, it’s a happy bonus for their donors that unplanned teenage pregnancies help keep people trapped in poverty who can be exploited for low wage labor.
99% of abortions are before 20 weeks. At 20 weeks a FETUS doesn’t even have brain activity. Can you even consider that a human without brain activity and can’t survive outside the womb?
Reading the comments on this thread has shown me one thing: It's time to bring back /r/the_donald, so we can keep all the dipshits in one place.
I didn't even know I was pregnant with my children till i was like 8weeks or so and I have three. This is one fucked up bill.
 For one if someone is raped they have all rights to abort ( and I'm all for the whole prolife shit but also what one does with ones body is what what one Does with ones body)

 For two if one was raped by someone in their family, once again, they have all rights to abort. The child will likely have health issues. 

For three of during the genetic testing it comes out that the child potentially has life threatening health issues and the best decision it to terminate the pregnancy then that's the human thing to do, why now would someone be jailed for letting a human soul suffer?

 And finally, they have been saying that the birth rate is falling and future generations are looking slim, mainly because people don't want to bring kids in the world like how it is right now. If it's bad now, it's gonna be worse for the future generations right? Why bring them into this. This bill is a way to basically force future generations into the world.  

Those men in office only see us as " breeders"  and " bleeders" I don't know how many times I've heard those words being thrown towards women through out my life.  That bill only applies to us because they think we are the only ones responsible for making babies.
Lots of great comments in this thread. Glad to see that people can see through this law as a theocratic control mechanism that stifles freedom
If this bill goes forth in the US are they going to increase funding for the foster system for the unwanted babies?  Will they encourage adoption?  Do they plan on making female contraceptive methods freely available to all females once they begin menstruating (because rape knows no age)?  In the event the forced pregnancy is directly linked to a woman's death/disability, will they provide compensation to her family?  In the instance where a pregnancy as a result of rape results in a loss of income will the woman be compensated?  Who will be paying the medical bills for the unwanted pregnancy? Can someone who had a forced high risk pregnancy be covered by one's life insurance without being given an inflated premium?  Will morning after pills replace free male condoms in woman's restrooms?
God bless her!
It’s crazy you even need to give an explanation for why you aren’t ready to have a kid… we have enough kids that didn’t have good parenting leading to all sorts of shit, let’s make more?!
Handmaid's Tale, Texas edition.
Fucking Sharia Law state
When this get downvoted on a Libertarian page, you got trouble:

Libertarian:

an advocate or supporter of a political philosophy that advocates only minimal state intervention in the free market and the private lives of citizens.

Did I miss something?
We’ve learned from history that banning abortions doesn’t mean people (and I say ppl not just women bc holy crap the history of experiments and all) follow safe ones. Can’t believe we’re digressing from social and scientific advancements.
The irony of those who want to ban abortion is that they will complain about how it’s their body and their choice when it comes to wearing a mask but when it comes to a uterus they want the government to control it.   Don’t kid yourself it’s about white privilege and the attempt to control.
And like most all of these laws, the elites who push them into actual law are exempt.  Their women can afford the "shopping weekend" in NYC, LA or Chicago, get the service in privacy and anonymity...this sort of intentional cruelty is reserved for poor women only, who cannot afford the days off and travel.  Abortion will always remain legal in Blue states, even if Red States virtue signal like they are doing here.
Why men believe it's okay to tell women what to do with themselves, I'll never understand, because men don't understand. 

Have you chatted with the average man?

He's barely in control of himself and every child support paying manimal I know goes on and on about having so much money garnished. 

You can't have it both ways, morons. 

DUDES, have a Coke and a smile then sit down!
You get into a 50-50 fender bender. A pregnant person in the other car miscarries and blames you. Now you pay 50k minimum.

Sure thing this isn't getting abused.
What an incredible young woman.
Abortions are legal procedures.  This is posturing.  They’re going to lose in court.  They’re just a bunch of oily politicians pandering to the godbots that elected them.  The American Taliban is always looking to ban something: alcohol, weed, etc.. It’s what they do.  Little zealots need to get a life beyond what’s in someone else’s womb.
Banning abortion is slutshaming women. The whole point is to punish them for the choices they made. I really just want a world where we can just be kind to one another. This argument is so exhausting.
It always staggers me that a young country that is so forward thinking it has put a fucking robot helicopter on Mars is so incredibly backwards when it comes to basic human rights of individuals to decide what’s best for them.
No worries religion is absolutely not a problem in today society, luckily in western Europe these nut jobs don’t have that much of an influence
I think this law is also aimed at convincing young mostly left leaning Texans to move out of the state.
what a queen, takes a lot to stand up there and say that.
Just another reminder for me to NOT move back home. Texas isn’t what it used to be anymore. I refuse to raise my own children in that fuckery.
Women get this vote....not men. I couldn't imagine what it's like to create life. You cant tell people what to do about everything. Chill out control freaks!
It’s Gilead.
What an amazing woman..Took real courage
welcome to the middle east

Texas*
Imagine being so narrow minded that you dont understand why we need abortion access. It's just common sense!
Conservatives be like: "I don't what the government to control what the people can or cannot do.

...Unless I also agree with the government"
World’s fucked up as it is, now they want to stop abortion even when you got pregnant when being raped? Damn.
That was really brave of her
This is what happens when religion enters politics, whether it's being done by the religious or to appease religious voters. Next, they'll be stoning adulterers. I'm thankful that in the UK anti abortionists are still considered fringe nutjobs. Ireland, once dominated by the Catholic church, has legalised abortion with reasonable limits in place.
I wanna just say this, id say im conservative, but im for abortion too. Not all conservatives are the same!
Yeah the idea of becoming a parent against your will, suddenly losing all the plans you had in life that were incompatible with having children, is pretty horrific.
Damn, that took a minute to sink in. But once it did that's a pretty straightforward message there. I'm an older dude with no kids and really don't plan on having kids, and I couldn't even imagine what someone would go through if they are raped and had a child and we're not able to afford it because of these stupid laws.
You'll just go to another state.

What bothers me is that Texas, fucking Texas, is what every outsider imagines as the most liberal, most iconic state in America. And some shit-brained politicians decide to ruin it.
Red states are either going to be forced to sucede or alienated from the Union. Or stripped of their state rights out right.  If Biden had the power to right a law outright disbanding the Republican Party or banning republicans from holding office... I don’t think anyone would complain.  Even if it risked hurting democracy... Most people would applaud the move at this point. After Trump the whole bipartisan game is probably coming to a close anyways. Democrats are going to make sure a Trump never happens again. And after Jan 6 they have most of the ammunition they need to kill off the Republican Party if they wanted to. Either way the Republican Party is dead. It’s slowly bleeding out and there’s no saving it.  No one likes conservatism. Let alone ultra-conservatism. And their never going to lose the connotation of being the white supremacist party.  Even if they started acting like democrats or became democrat lite. People would still hate republicans.  And that’s not ever going to change.  They dug their grave, someone might as well start filling it in.
The only good thing about this post: by 2050 most of women hating brats on here will be sterile.
The TX govt cares more about pussy regulation than electricity regulation
My body, my property.
Why is the government butting into the business of *OUR OWN BODIES*?

How is it legal for the government to make medical choices and decisions for us? Can the government make me get plastic surgery, a kidney removal, or other medical decisions? 

And why would state law supersede Roe vs. Wade? 

Maybe Texas should secede from the USA after all. We wouldn’t lose much. 👀
Evictionism is the real libertarian stance on abortion. 

The mother has every right over her own body.

The child has every right to not have their life taken from them.

The mother can remove the child at any point, but cannot outright kill it, to achieve that end.

Just like you can't straight up kill someone to remove them from your property, unless they are actively trying to kill you.
“What the student did was unexpected and not supported by LHHS or RISD. We are going to review student speech protocols in advance of next year’s graduations to prevent something like this from happening again.”

->

"What the student said was not officially approved by authorities in the school district. We are going to review student censorship and First Amendment right-restricting protocols to prevent something like this happening again."
The religious folk who support this don’t care about any of these points.  They have god on their side, remember.   People don’t matter, only baby cheezits does.   Sad, really.
Texas Sharia Law
Imagine the toll it takes to have to think about things like that. Being always afraid as a woman to walk back alone at night or else. That must be so exhausting. Just because some men can’t behave and respect people…
Brought to you by the “immigrants are going to rape our white women” party
If you think Kyle Rittenhouse (17M) was within his rights to carry a weapon and act in self-defense, but you think police justly shot Tamir Rice (12M) for thinking he had a weapon (he had a toy gun), then, quite frankly, you are a hypocrite.
Unfortunately, I’ve seen people I personally know defend Kyle Rittenhouse, but immediately defend the cops in the Tamir Rice case. Tbh, I’m not going to get into the Rittenhouse situation because that’s kind of a mess, but I don’t see how anyone can look at the Rice case and think the police were justified.
Reminder:

> This is misinformation

Is not an accepted report reason on this sub. 

No comments will ever be removed for that reason, we don't even read what was reported if that was the reason given, stop wasting your time reporting it.

If reddit wants a fact checking service, they can hire one.
Who on this sub supports cops shooting black people?
I am aware that propagandists such as Tucker Carlson are trying to turn Kyle Rittenhouse into some sort of hero.  In my mind, that label is appropriate for actual heroes like Jemel Roberson. 

I want to live in a country where Jemel Roberson is a hero.  Like Kyle, Jemel dreamed of being a police officer and he lived in Illinois, but that’s about where their similarities end.   Unlike Kyle, Jemel graduated high school were he played on his school’s basketball team, was an organist and drummer for several churches, had a nine month old son, was 26, and was licensed to carry a gun.

On November 11th, 2018, while working security at a bar South of Chicago, Jemel helped stop a shooting, which wounded four people.  He had one of the suspects pinned down and subdued at gunpoint in the bar’s parking lot, and then the police came.  In less than five seconds after spotting Jemel and the pinned suspect a police officer shot Jemel four times and killed him.  

Another difference between Kyle and Jemel is that Kyle is white (and he was able to walk right past law enforcement officers, illegally carrying a gun, while people shouted to those officers that he just gunned down multiple people) and Jemel was black.  

I’ve never forgotten about Jemel since I heard about him two years ago, and I hope you do not either.
I love that this sub is coming around to this. 

I would also point out that the Breonna Taylor case is like a textbook libertarian scenario.  

Cops illegally and unjustly break into a legal gun owner's house without identifying themselves, legal gun owner shoots back, , cops shoot legal gun owner's sleeping girlfriend and then arrest and charge the legal gun owner.
Tamir Rice's murder at the hands of police is, for me, one of the most sickening cases of police violence of the last decade.
Who the hell has both of these opinions?
Are we building a straw man here? Are people actually saying that the Tamir shooting was just, or are they saying it was a tragic error that could be justified by the stress of the moment? I don't believe either, but those are two different things and I didn't see people saying that Tamir deserved to be shot.
Either way they aren't comparable situations. There hasn't been a conversation about the police shooting Kyle, because that didn't happen. If they had, I'd imagine the back the blue folks would've taken the police's side on that as well.

Edit: "justly", in the title, is an adverb that means morally correct. It does not have the same meaning as justified. That word means with cause. Two different things.
People seem to think "justified" means "everything is hunky-dory and nothing tragic happened." Something can be justified and be utterly tragic and devastating. Something can be unjustified and be completely anodyne. They have nothing to do with each other.
I dont see how the Rittenhouse case can be compared in any way to the cop case.

This comparison makes no sense.
Completely fake news up in here
False equivalence
What if you believe that Kyle Rittenhouse acted within his rights, but the police fucked up big time with Tamir Rice and committed an act that shouldn’t have been covered by qualified immunity and should have been tried and convicted of murder?
How tf can you compare those 2?
Op, can you please explain.
Both people thought they were going to be shot. What am I missing?
I think most of the people who think Kyle was absolutely in the wrong have not actually watched the whole video and are simply going by the narrative of the media or facebook.  While might have use poor judgement in being in the location to begin with which is arguable, the videos I have watched pretty clearly show him defending himself.
[deleted]
These cases have nothing to do with eachother. One is a shooting by police the other is a shooting by a civilian. How can you call someone a hypocrite for having 2 different views on 2 different subjects?
Thats conservatives, not liberitarians
Kyle Rittenhouse was well within his rights and Tamir Rice was murdered by the police.
No. These situations aren't comparable in anyway. This is just lefty race baiting bullshit. 

Were the cops right in the Tamir Rice case? Absolutely not. But as someone who owns several replica pellet and BB guns, I can confidently say walking around outside with one in the open is one of the stupidest decisions I could make, and it would 100% be my fault if the cops rolled up and shot me. Do I expect a kid to have the same awareness? Not at all. The cops should have asked before shooting, rather than shooting as they opened the car door, but everyone in the airgun community knows not to walk around with one of these out in the open. They look real, and are often confused as real guns. I don't even like shooting some of them in my backyard because of how real they look and I live in a blue state. 

All that being said, it isn't comparable in anyway to the Kyle Rittenhouse case. You're being extremely disingenuous here. Go back to r/politics if you want to pull this shit.
A lot of the responses in this thread are disgusting.
Conflating these two seems forced.
Former cop, SWAT operator and sniper team lead out of metro Atlanta. 

As much as it pains me to say it’s hard for me to defend police anymore. I spent several years of my life with people I considered family and would have died for. I decided to leave the department for personal reasons and it took me about a year after leaving to realize how brainwashed I actually was. 

I never actually witnessed anything I would consider overtly racist but I witnessed a ton of cops do and say shady things that I really just drowned out and it wasn’t until being away from it all that I actually started remembering some of it. People mentioning drop knives, illegal searches, very prejudice opinions about people (not solely based on race but occasionally). 

Police have an “Us vs Them” mentality and when you’re on the other side of that “thin blue line” you’re nothing to them but a statistic. Most of them don’t consider the impact a traffic citation may have on someone or that arrest for something minor. You really do start to grow heartless when you’re a cop for an extended period of time. 

I always thought there were good cops and bad cops until I was no longer a cop at all and I realized they’re all bad cops. It’s no individual cops fault but the entire system that was built to fail. 

In all I had well in excess of 2,500 hours of training while in law enforcement. I know for a fact less than 100 hours was spent on mental crisis training or verbal de-escalation. 

Something that will always stick with me was a supervisor telling me “ask, tell, make” after spending over 10 minutes trying to talk someone down. Even when you try to help you’re shit on by the ones who pay you. 

I missed it everyday for a year after I left. Now I wouldn’t go back for all the money in the world.
If Kyle Rittenhouse was actually Keyshawn Rittenhouse, it would be a different narrative altogether
[removed]
What if I think what happened to Tamir Rice was straight up murder and think Kyle Rittenhouse was acting in self defense?
Philando Castile.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Philando_Castile

It’s ridiculous that more isn’t done to protect the rights of people in situations like this.

Also, i see the argument that Rittenhouse was defending himself all the time. I wouldn’t be defending myself if i dressed myself up like i was getting ready to do two tours in Afghanistan, traveled far to your home town, and started pointing my gun at innocent people like Rittenhouse did. You don’t see what happens before those videos that were edited by his defense lawyers. Rittenhouse was seen by eyewitnesses assaulting and provoking citizens who were exercising their first amendment rights.

Fact is, Rittenhouse brought his gun to violate their rights because he didn’t like their politics. He had no valid reason to be there, much less armed. He wasn’t entrusted to act as a riot control officer. The owner of the car dealership did not have any association with Rittenhouse. Rittenhouse wasn’t defending property. He was there to boss people around, to exert authority over citizens, to take away their rights. And he did, he killed two and wounded a third. No one had to die that night.

Then there are people who will defend Rittenhouse as some sort of outstanding citizen. He sucker punched a young girl from behind. Here’s a video for that:

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/kyle-rittenhouse-video-kenosha-shooter-punch-girl-a9702206.html

Libertarianism is about liberty. Liberty is freedom from authority. Private citizens who try to exercise authority, to take away others rights, are antithetical to the core tenet of libertarianism. Your rights end where they violate mine. Rittenhouse fails this test.
The post makes little sense to me. If you support Kyle you’re labeled right wing. You fbyiu support the police in the Rice case you’re labeled as right wing again. It’s gun people on both sides oF the comparison
A [highly detailed analysis of the Rittenhouse shootings by an attorney](https://www.ar15.com/forums/General/The-Kenosha-Shootings-Kyle-Rittenhouse-A-Tactical-and-Legal-Analysis-WARNING-Bandwidth-Intensive/5-2362796/).  Don't be put off by it merely because it was posted on a gun site.
The fact this post has gone 30k up is depressing, how can you even begin to compare these two situations? Literally all they have in common is someone got shot and the defense claimed they feared for their lives. This is so reductive its insane.
Not really a hypocrite because you are comparing two different situations. Rice was playing with a pellet rifle pointing it at random people when it was reported to police who interpreted it as an active shooter situation. Kyle was with a militia attempting to keep the city safe when he was attacked and then defended himself. Your basically mad because kyle was not shot which is a disgusting position. Both of those situations are tragic and full of faults on both sides.
I dont see any correlation whatsoever between these two individual incidents
What if I think Kyle Rittenhouse should be trialed for murder and the cops that shot Tamir Rice should be trialed for murder?
At first I was surprised to note that I agreed with Libertarians on something, then I scrolled down. Never mind.
His shooting was not justified, that’s why his family won a civil suit. However, that does not mean a crime was committed on the part of the police.  Your conflating two different things and the rotten house scenario is not even comparable to this. This sub is honestly just dumb children patting other dumb children on the back
Kyle Rittenhouse is a murderer; so is that cop.  
They both belong in prison.
There's little comparison here.
Lots of "libertarians" actually love big government and police brutality, they just want it to be directed at the "right" people. Most people stand for absolutely nothing.
False comparison. Just weird. GG
Trayvon Martin tried to defend himself against a stalker. Remember, Trayvon was defending himself, got shot down, and what?


Y'all want to talk about liberty? Put you fucking mouth where your money is.
If police can kill you if they THINK you might have a weapon then the 2nd amendment is pure worthless bullshit. Police shouldn’t be killing anyone, guilty or not unless lives are threatened, and if the potential presence of a gun fulfills that criteria then every encounter with police can be lethal.
Are you saying Rittenhouse shouldn't have been there, and if he was there he shouldn't have had something to defend himself with? This sounds like the argument people make when blaming a woman for being raped. A woman can go anywhere she pleases, and should be able to defend herself. If someone tries to assault or rape her, we shouldn't say that she shouldn't have been there.
These cases are so fundamentally different that examining them in an apples to apples manner is nearly worthless.

I don’t think anyone is saying that Tamir Rice deserved what he got either.
One of these weapons is real, one is fake. The fake one was drawn by Tamir Rice and pointed at police officers on scene. Do you think it's reasonable to expect police officers not to fire on people who are pointing something that looks almost exactly like a real gun at them because it might be fake?

http://a.abcnews.go.com/images/US/HT_guns_tamir_rice_01_jef_151228_16x9_992.jpg
[deleted]
These are not similar cases.  OP doesn't know what hypocrisy means.  Why is this even being posted here???
I hate people who support the 2nd amendment and right to carry, but then defend cops who kill people for nothing more than exercising their rights (and usually for being Black).
Most “libertarians” are phonies. This sub has really showed this over 2020.
I’m not trying to advocate for either side but they’re such extremely different cases that I really don’t see how you can compare them. Where is the hypocrisy?
Don't violently chase people who are running away from you and you won't get shot
Gun laws are situational.  Carrying, displaying and drawing a firearm may or may not be legal based on the perception of third party witnesses and the presumed intent of the person wielding the gun. (Real or not)

You can’t just say, “they both had guns so either both should have been shot or neither.”

Also, gun laws differ by city, county and state.
This post right here is why everyone across the spectrum points and laughs at "Libertarians".

One would be hard pressed to find any similarity between these 2 events, and yet here this is...44k+ upvotes for shitting on Rittenhouse, likely the closest living embodiment of what Libertarian principles ought to be. He was running around actively helping people, providing medical and first response aid at great risk to himself, and when he gets attacked and defends himself we see people like you rush to crap on him and cash in on the EZ internet clout.

10 months later...I wonder if you still stand by this ridiculous comparison and the overall message it enforces. Because if you do, you are the hypocrite for pretending to be a libertarian.
These two cases are nothing alike. This is like comparing apples and clam chowder.
This is the exact type of post you’d see on r/politics. This shit is so annoying. Can y’all fuck off and go back to your echo chambers. I’ve never seen anyone in this sub make those comparisons. We’re libertarians, we think Tyler was in his right and tamir was wrongfully shot. They’re not even remotely close to being the same situation at all and are not mutually exclusive
Circumstances matter--a lot.

Rittenhouse was carrying a firearm during a period of civil unrest that was accompanied by looting, vandalism, and acts of violence.

Tamir Rice was reported to be brandishing a handgun at a recreation center, and appeared to be drawing on the officers who arrived to investigate.
Law enforcement was called in the Tamir Rice case, because according to the witness, he *was pointing the gun at individuals*.

If true, and there is no reason to doubt it, it would be a clear act of aggression.  The fact that it was a replica, does not change anything. Everyone not named Tamir, had a reasonable fear for their life.

There is zero evidence Rittenhouse was ever an aggressor.  Possessing a firearm itself is certainly not aggression.  Prior to his act of self defense, he was running for his life trying to flee from aggressors.

The situations are not comparable in the slightest.
tamir rice didn’t assault the police, kyle rittenhouse was attacked. police are “trained professionals”, kyle rittenhouse is a citizen
TIL: police = antifa mob
I mean, in both cases the shooter felt threatened by the person they shot. I think the emotions are coming from the fact that a 12 year old was killed. That is fucked up! If we take age out of the situation, in both senerios are the same.

I personally wasn't too familiar with the Tamir Rice case, so I looked into it. When you said "toy gun" I was expecting a squirt gun, nerf gun or BB/Airport(with orange tip). The gun he had looks like a real gun with no indication of it being fake unless you had it in your hand. I'm looking into this story more, but the kid definitely shouldn't of been walking around with that.
I have not seen the video from the Tamir Rice incident, can you link it?
This is so true
Libertarians supporting enforcers of a corrupt state initializing violence on citizens?

Well, there are alot of people who seem to *think* that they're libertarian on reddit, but clearly have no idea what it means. Are we talking about them?
Even if Tamil Rice had a gun, it was not just. Simply having a firearm isn’t and shouldn’t be a crime.
This is because conservatives have tarnished the Republican party so much that these hardcore authoritarians started calling themselves Libertarians because they think it's some sort of far right white pride shit like the Republican party is but just with a different branding.
Carrying  a weapon within the law is much different than going for a weapon when you're not complying with police direction and are in the middle of an interaction with police. 

If you're going to call people hypocrites, demonstrate that in scenarios that are the same. 

If I don't comply with police direction and I make movements towards a possible weapon I EXPECT TO BE SHOT. 

That's why 'Suicide by Cop' is a thing.
Finally someone said it
While I absolutely agree with everything OP says in the post, this feels like a strawman. 

I don’t know a single libertarian okay with Tamir Rice being shot by police officers. Is this something people believe libertarians are ok with?
Another example gun-rights nuts like the NRA have been totally quiet about was Philando Castile. 

He did EVERYTHING HE WAS ASKED and to the letter of the law and still died. 


I nowadays don’t blame black people from immediately running from the cops, because even doing what they tell you to do will get you killed.
It pissed me off when Libertarians aren’t pissed about what happened with Brianna Taylor, her boyfriend acted in the perfect example of the 2nd amendment, and her death should be a martyr about how police are taking the 2nd amendment from minorities.
i was literally just having a conversation with a guy who literally compared rittenhouse to tamir. he doesn’t believe rittenhouse will ultimately face any charges because he acted “purely in self defense” but tamir “pointed his gun at the cops.” tamir was a little boy and it was a fake toy gun. rittenhouse showed up to a demonstration with a weapon that was bought illegally for him and murdered 2 people with it. something is horrifically wrong with people who defend that but think the cops were justified in what they did to tamir rice. people like that are hopeless; 9 times out of 10 there’s nothing you can do to change their mindset.
The situation with that dude is not a mess. It's clear for everyone but the people who live in the US. Thinking a kid carrying a rifle is okay is wrong. Thinking a kid shooting others is wrong.
Can I ask you why you think these cases are comparable? Like why are you looking at these two specific stories to talk about the adjacent issues of police accountability and gun rights? Forget your personal feelings toward either case, what are the similarities between Rice and Rittenhouse? They were both underage? They both encountered police? Do the similarities not end there? I feel like you’re suggesting that the only difference between those two cases was the color of their skin. I’ve never thought of these two cases as even remotely similar before.
There’s tons of news stories everyday that just don’t make headlines where 12 year olds kill people and are carrying weapons. Not to defend an unarmed shooting in anyway at all, it’s incredibly fucked up and this type of scenario should never happen. But the basis of your argument is close minded and dumb, really
I don't think he was within his rights to carry a weapon, because that much is just a fact. He should be prosecuted for that. 

However, I don't think it matters in terms of self defense. He was attacked, he defended himself. Nothing wrong with that. If those dumb assholes didn't want to get shot they shouldn't have attacked him.
58 days until the Tea Party starts caring about deficits again. 58 days until evangelicals start pretending to care about values/morals again. 58 days until Republicans in Congress start caring about "executive overreach" again.
Thank you for coming to my Ted talk.
The fact that r/conservative has a Gadsden flag for its logo is pretty damn funny.
58 days until Mitch McConnell tells Joe Biden it’s too close to the next election for him to appoint a new Supreme Court justice.
Got my watch set for when Rand Paul says “I was very tough on president Trump.”
Republicans are not the small government party. They just hate not being in power.
[removed]
Hot take: They never cared about those three things, instead they just wanted to use them as 'reasons' to obstruct others and ignore the problems we face. 


Its hard to take Republicans seriously when they rammed in a very conservative judge in record time while ignoring Merrick Garland for about year. And they did this while not giving us additional COVID relief; we still have a raging pandemic and the worst crisis this country has faced in a generation. 


Not to mention the first bailout money went to large corporations and ran out fast.
The deficit will be blamed on Biden and democrats. Just you watch. This is why people who say they are libertarian but vote for republican make me laugh. People need to stop believing what politicians say and start seeing what they do.
My prediction is also that Paul Ryan, major mover and shaker in that Tea Party, will resurface and try to rebuild the Tea Party and Republican Party. He retired real young and only a few years after running for President himself. He now has his hands mostly clean from the Trump stain and a lot of people will be looking to return to “normal” and he will be there.
The saddest part of this entire admin is how powerful the dumbest fucking people in the country have gained power within our Govt. Tucker Carlson is all the proof you need for that. He had to almost print a fucking retraction of his story bc of Trump supporters cancelling him. These fucking cult brained morons who STILL support Trump do not give a fuck what he does. Biden could come out tomorrow and say he was subsidizing farmers like Trump and his idiot followers would have a meltdown screaming about "socialism".
I'm nowhere near libertarian politically, but I'm still pissed off that /conservatism stole your flag for some reason
Everyone conservative on socials will be back to "Praying For My Country"
58 days until this becomes a Libertarian sub again
As a reminder about the executive overreach Trump has issued 192 for an average of 51/year. Obama issued 276 over 8 for an average of 35/year. Bush 291 for 36/year and Clinton 364 for 46 and Bush Sr 166 for 42/year. 

Regardless of how good/bad/overreaching EO’s are the GOP has been harping on Democrats overusing them and trying to position themselves as the small gov’t party when all I’ve ever seen them do is expand the Federal Gov’t power.
Now ask a democrat if they support reducing executive power...
"Caring"™
How many days until /r/Libertarian becomes libertarian again?
What I don’t understand, is why some people are willing to completely forgo what they believed in the past as long as the party tells them to. When I identified myself as a conservative I wouldn’t have been willing to move my line around that much, and I certainly won’t now.
58 days until the NRA suddenly starts caring about gun owners again.

Edit:  and cares about the “concentration camps” at the border.
I mean it’s a big benefit of having a Dem in the White House; the GOP cares about spending
All too true
I'm not a libertarian per se but can appreciate being able to reply to this post. The conservatives are currently in their bunker talking about court wins that are on the way. All snuggled up nice and warm in their little safe space.
The Tea Party has been, and hasn't proven otherwise, to be anything more than the American Taliban.
Serious question - to all of the the clear Leftists in this sub, (the majority it seems), do you actually claim to be Libertarian or do you pretty much admit that you’re Liberals who just enjoy frequenting this sub for one reason or another?

If the latter, what draws you to r/Libertarian?
And 58 days until Democrats reverse their position on all of those things, too.  Each party postures in the way that seems politically expedient at the time.
Both parties want and push for more power to the executive. They know it's a pendulum and they'll get their candidate in every 4 or 8 years.
"Republicans are worse!"

"No, Democrats are worse!"

Tf are we doing
And 58 days until liberals don't give a shit about executive overreach, baby cages and drone strikes again
American politics is nothing without a healthy dose of hypocrisy.
This is NOT a bad thing. Just gotta remind them through the years they are in power of the promises they made to their constituents.
You forgot to add:  58 days until Democrats stop pretending to care about all of that again.

Brief defense of the hypocrisy you are pointing out would be that when others attack the President for things you believe are off base.  Like colluding with foreign governments and what have you it kind of drowns out criticism you would have on things like deficits and entitlement reform.  

Thinking back to the Bush presidency for instance.  I had problems with the Patriot act, increased government spending, etc...  None of that was in the mainstream though.  It was Katrina, Halliburton, etc...   

During Obama’s years in office you had birther bs distracting from real criticism.
58 days until Democrats try to “unify” America after months of calling the other half of the country racists.
I'm not a Libertarian but I have lots of respect for you all. It can be tough to stand up for what you believe in and it's a disappointment that r/conservative is so willing to throw out their ideals for a bunch of reasons. I don't always agree with you all but you inspire me.
58 days and Republicans will be concerned about the qualifications for the nominees to the President's cabinet.
As the fiscal conservatives emerge from their cave, they pass the anti-war liberals returning for hibernation!
58 days until the media stops criticizing the president.
The Duopoly tends to point fingers at the other side. Waste of time for libertarians to caught up on that nonsense.
The best hope for the American people has always been a Democratic president with a Republican House, because let's be honest, its not like a Libertarian will ever win an important office.
1000 or so days until dems begin talking about immigration reform again. 1000 or so days until dems start talking about election security again. 1000 or so days until dems start working on entitlement program security again. 1000 or so days until dems talk about codifying Roe v Wade again. 

Wedge issues are called wedge issues because they drive a wedge between the dem and repub voters. The fact is they'll never do anything about them for fear of not having something to bang the table about come next election season.
Pretty sure the tea party is dead.
2 years until Libertarians vote for Republicans over Democrats again because, somehow they're closer....? Are they?   


I feel ya'll, ranked choice voting is what you need to fight for, until then, vote for the sane party in national elections.
and all Republicans suddenly give a shit about COVID
Just flicked by Cavuto on fox and he had the Debt counter up again. It’s already started
Don’t forget those tax increases that take affect in 2021 will be the dems fault for some reason
I’m not Libertarian but I’ve been completely open with with voting for you guys on local elections because the GOP needs to be split. 

Making me the oddest voter since I also support outright socialists. 

But I think a legit free market for policies and dialogue are needed. The red team blue team bullshit has gone to far
So... you guys would agree that in our two party system, it's better when Democrats are elected?
[deleted]
Republicans are trash
ITT: DiS jUs MOoR OrAnGe mAn BaD sUB!!1!1! Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Saving this so I can bitch with some of you in 58 days
What about Obamas tan suits?!?!?
and 58 days until our country can start earning back all the respect it's lost over the last 4 years.
This is what regressive values are about. We need to invest more in our schools.
Every once in a while I agree with a libertarian, but damn is this is a fantastic post.
58 days untill democrats are responsible for the worst epidemic in recent us history.
Honest question: have the evangelists always been *this* mad during election season?
You can be against riots while also acknowledging that Trump is inciting violence
The viewpoints are not AT ALL mutually exclusive
We all agree on 90% of the issues:

- violent riots and destruction of property are wrong
- Citizens have the right to protest injustice
- misuse of force by police officers happens more than it should
- this tends to affect poor and minority citizens more than it should because they are more likely to be involved with police
- Police officers that abuse their power should be removed and prosecuted
- the culture of police forces that protect abusive officers need to be reformed
- being a police officer is a difficult and dangerous job
- there are many good police officers who truly want to help their communities

None of these opinions are incompatible with each other.
Very true as it should, you can also be for protests and against the destruction of property
Imagine a world where people paid attention to nuance and facts as closely as they do tweets and 30 second edited internet videos...
You can even be for police while being against their various corruptions.
You know, r/Libertarian, I think a lot of your policy ideas are not good ideas, but you're not cheering on people killing each other and being fueled by emotional rhetoric at every opportunity.
What?! You mean politics isn't just 2 choices? 

/s
In my experience at the Denver protests a few months back, the police seemed hell bent on turning things into riots. By doing the exact thing you're being protested for and using excessive force in the face of peaceful yelling, what do you expect to happen? When the news can report a riot in the morning it justifies everything the police do the night before. It's a strategy and it worked.
This is so backasswards
You can also be opposed to Biden and not be in line to get a Trump tattoo.
> Trump is inciting violence.

Because this is a free speech sub, I need to make a (possibly tangential) point specifically about the phrase "inciting violence". That phrase has VERY specific meaning as defined by the decades of supreme court jurisprudence. For speech to be considered "inciting violence" requires meeting explicit and very narrow criteria.

IMHO, the following four statements are all simultaneously true.

* Trump's speech is often an incoherent mess.
* Trump's speech is often vague, rambling and maddeningly imprecise.
* Trump has proven to be a remarkably ineffective president (even by the low standards set by all other recent U.S. presidents).
* Nothing Trump has publicly said regarding protests or protesters meets the strict requirements to be considered "inciting violence" by the standards of the U.S. Supreme Court. (That standard is MUCH narrower than most people think.)
I for one am just depressed to see so much support for an authoritarian nitwit in a supposedly libertarian space. Since when was encroachment of federal agencies in local space and increased spending on already overbloated police budgets "libertarian".
You can hate trump and NOT vote for Biden. This hurts most peoples brains.
In the same vein; everyone in support of BLM should also condemn the looting and violence. Let's not let the media and right-wing pundits paint this movement to address desperately needed police reforms as nothing more than looters and rioters. Any time I talk to friends and family about BLM, the first thing I say is that I strongly denounce the rioting and looting.
Very, very true.

Two different things can be wrong simultaneously.

The problem is we’ve been conditioned to view everything in a binary, like a controversial out at first base.  I think my team is safe on the bag, the other team thinks the runner is out.

Politics and the teeming mass of 330M Americans isn’t an either/or proposition.  

Yet it’s useful to those in power to tint everything as “our side” and “their side”, to cover consensus and nuance with emotionally charged language.  

You’re safe, or you’re out.
Uh...what happened to personal accountability as a core tenet of libertarianism?
How, exactly, has Trump incited violence?
I am curious what is the thing(s) he said that incited violence?
We can be against riots while also acknowledging that these riots are not only accepted by Democrats, they are carefully kept alive.   It’s certainly not Trump
You can, but you’d still be wrong on the latter.
How is trump inciting violence?
You can also be against riots, but understand they are an inevitable consequence of ignoring people until they have to take to the streets. If you do not respond when people peacefully take a knee, or act with hostility towards it, you cannot complain when they have to escalate. When those escalations provide cover for bad actors and opportunists to do shitty things, it's the fault of the people that waited until it was too late to care, not the ones that were protesting to begin with.
What's happening is awful no doubt, there's no way around it. As libertarians, what's so controversial about fighting police corruption and brutality, it should be a no brainer? Instead there's a bunch of conservative reactionaries in here pretending like this is just random violence and not the result of decades of ignoring a long standing systemic issues within law enforcement that are now too blatant for most people to ignore.
How has he incited violence? Genuinely asking.
Nothing but bad faith arguments from fake libertarians claiming that the best thing ever is sending in federal agents who aren't wanted.
I'm glad someone said it. This had been my thought process the entire time. The right wants to focus only on the riots. The left wants to ignore them entirely. 

The system is broken, we need to fix it, and riots are bad. 

Rioters do not excuse police brutality and corruption, police brutality and corruption does not excuse destroying public property and assaulting people who have no part in this. 

So many people can only choose one side of the other.
So much for personal responsibility...
I don’t think anyone disagrees with you. I dislike Antifa and Proud Boy’s equally. I’m conservative but that doesn’t mean I’m a racist or a bigot. I just have different political opinions. That is our right as Americans. If people are trying to use fear or intimidation to push their agenda they are cowards and obviously don’t understand the meaning of a democratic republic.
Most viewpoints AREN'T mutually exclusive but people on the extreme sides of politics don't want to admit that because they benefit from the argument being a binary one.

Reducing cognitive diversity in the political debate has been a long-standing tactic to pit people against each other and it seems to be working better than ever right now.
One does not have to have a permit to hold a protest, but you must keep moving, you can't block the sidewalk, you can't be up against a building, at least in my city.  However, protesters can not simply move on to the street and block traffic and force motorists to stop.  That is breaking the law and stopping others with an implicit, or explicit, threat of violence.  Police have a duty to clear protesters off the streets unless a parade permit has been obtained.  Protesters blocking a street are not 'peaceful.'
Aged like wine
You can be against racism while also acknowledging that BLM is inciting violence too
You can be against riots while also acknowledging the Democrats are trying to blame it on Trump.
I mean love or hate Biden (I think he's a POS) but if you listen to his last speech he said exactly this. He said rioters and looters should be prosecuted. Shows he can be unapologetically clear eyed on denouncing his crazier supporters in the streets sewing chaos. Whether it's genuine or not is irrelevant since no politician is truly genuine so why waste energy debating it. Point being he showed a little crumb of impartiality, something Trump is 100% incapable of doing. If you like Trump he likes you, if you hate him he hates you. Like a 3 year old. Hence why he wishes Ghislaine Maxwell "well"
Lets just say Trump is inciting violence without actually providing evidence, seems par for the course for what this sub has become.
[deleted]
If you’re against riots you should be upset with Trump as well. There’s no denying his central role. Is this controversial?
I don’t think Trump is inciting riots, though. I think Trump contributes to the general unrest that leading to riots, but I also think the overreaction to Trump is a major contributor.
How exactly is Trump inciting violence?
How is he inciting violence?
Riots cause change, it’s American
OP.. why do you not call out the Democrats and Harris for inciting violence

[https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/harris-delivers-virtual-call-to-action-to-protesters-at-new-march-on-washington/ar-BB18tCrQ](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/harris-delivers-virtual-call-to-action-to-protesters-at-new-march-on-washington/ar-BB18tCrQ)
I've seen him say a pretty large share of dumb shit, but I wouldn't consider what I've seen an incitement to violence.
You know, a lot of people say that trump is the most divisive president we've ever had. And in some ways that may be true, but the left hasn't even given the man the benefit of the doubt for one second of his presidency. He's divisive because the left wants him to be.
Being against riots and realizing that Trump is instigating the violence, indirectly, is logically consistent.

I don't want our political disputes resolved by fighting in the streets.  I'm listening to an author on the radio who told about being in El Salvador in the 1980s.  El Salvador is a good example of conflict between the left and right that could not resolved by elections and they had a civil war that went on for years.  People were abducted off the streets and their bodies were dumped at various locations usually showing signs of torture.  It was sickening.

The problem with large protests in urban areas is that you attract people who want to destroy property and people that want to loot.  They usually act after it gets dark.  They may have no belief system, may not particularly care about justice, they are just angry and have a desire to accumulate material things that they can't afford to buy.

In Portland I suspect there is a political element to the vandalism.  There is something going on there that is unique.  There are people on the far left that have no sense of restraint and are really trying to seize power.  Not like take over the city government.  The power they want derives from anarchy.  And now we have Trump supporters trying to insert themselves into the the situation which makes it worse and one of them is now dead.

I don't think President Trump knows or cares about how to calm things down.  I think he is hoping the violence in big cities will suppress voter turn out.  He will do almost anything to stay in power and encouraging his supporters to mix it up with the BLM supporters is consistent with what he has been saying since he started running for president.
Whoa buddy, that sounds like nuance.  Are you really going to suggest things aren't only black and white?
People are in control of their own actions and should be smart enough to make their own decisions, obviously not.

Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.  Take accountability for your actions.   If you are told, put your hands up.. put them up. Do not do things that might get you killed from people who may be more afraid than you.
Cool, but i don't see how Trump is inciting violence, since remember in Portland, they rioted after he won the election back  in 2016. So if inciting violence means getting elected than the problem is not him but those that don't accept the results.
Trump's reelection campaign is "law and order", so of course the more violence he can incite, the more chaos he can play off of and claim we need to elect him.
Wasn't the US born out of violence? The country came into its own by declaring war against the british empire. Being against protests and everything that comes with it is just unamerica. That is literally what we do.
Many good and bad thoughts in this thread. But I would like to ask those who are defending Trump; why is Trump continuing to support police and not denouncing the violent history police departments carry throughout the US?  Why isn't Trump working with communities of color and pushing for justice and police reform? Instead he's just retweeting stuff against the protesters and anything supporting police.  That all to me signals Trump is helping incite the divide between Americans.
If trump was the reason the violence started why were Democrats calling it peaceful a week ago?
Can I have an example of Trump inciting violence in this case? I don't see it. At all. He couldn't even come through on his tweet "when the looting starts the shooting starts" other then violence will naturally beget more violence on the streets.  

Let's be real here - the looters are at the top of the hierarchy. If you attempt to arrest them then you are a racist, or you cannot arrest them. If you ever succeed in arresting them, Minnesota Freedom Fund releases them and they can go on to rob as many stores as they want and even do animal abuse in front of the news and people will turn away and pretend not to see it.

Society is inciting violence by making excuses for division from political party to race to privilege and profession.
So, you're a libertarian saying someone is making these people riot and loot, it's not their free choice?
It might be useful if you provided examples to support your point.
Oh look, liberal propaganda. It’s about time un-subbed and blocked politics anyw...

Oh. On the Libertarian subreddit.

Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. Noice. No doubt.
Yes we can and yes we will. Register to vote. Don't forget and vote early as possible.
Also, you can support freedom fighters while acknowledging that Trump is inciting violence.
I feel like there isn't much explanation needed other than the sole fact that we all should be for what is right. There should be no leaning to the left or right, it should be nothing but what is best for every human in our country.
I just saw the post about rioters starting the fire in the apartment building with people still inside, and it reminded me of my viewpoint on the riots which is the same as the one of this post.
I wish people would understand what defund the police actually means. Police perform far too wide of jobs they’re just not qualified for or over qualified for. They shouldn’t be doing mental health assessments for the homeless, they shouldn’t be doing wellness checks on the elderly, they shouldn’t be directing traffic. We need a combination of qualified social workers, volunteers, and outreach programs. We need a better safety net, not a bigger police state.
Rioting is an initiation of force, and a violation of the NAP.
You can also dislike the facts people are rioting and still have more simpathy and compassion for the protesters  frustration than a government that is letting them down. Empathy is understanding why people are acting out and trying to get the justice or equality they deserve. 
Every ruling body needs empathy and apathy or they become disconnected from the people that got them power to make rules.
Ah the classic libertarians. Private property and human life are so equivalent...
Just wanted to say that I'm glad libertarians aren't like modern republicans.

You guys seem alright in my book.
we are artificially being divided so the people in power can rule.
You can also understand why people are destroying property without being for the drstruction of property.
You shouldn't be against these riots cause people have suffered enough and they are finally fucking fighting back
I was falsely arrested in 2013 by a dangerous and corrupt detective. I survived it, but I lost 60,000 dollars in legal fees, spent 6 days in jail, and faced the possibility of life in prison. Help me Arrest Fairfax County Detective Darrin DeCoster and reinvestigate all of his past cases

[deleted]
It also sounds like the woman in this case needs to be charged with filing a false police report (unless she already has been-I only skimmed through his video).
Everyone needs to understand that its legal for cops to LIE TO YOU...   Get a lawyer for EVERYTHING...
They need to put the woman in jail for this. She's taking credibility from actual victims and attempting to ruin people's lives because it's her hobby.
[deleted]
Sounds more like a civil case. You don't have the ability to press criminal charges, to do thst you would have to convince the DA it was nessisary. And step one would be a massive lawsuit against him, the department, and the city or county.
My wife was falsy accused, spent 10k dollars, just for her not to risk 7+ years on prison even though we had a paper from a doctor that said he doesn't believe she harmed our child, and there evidence to point to his conditions. So you'd think 2 doctors disagreeing with each other would mean your innocence, especially someone who specializes in children, falls, and brain conditions. Nope
Shit after shit plea deal, the first prosecutor was going to drop the case, be he was no longer the prosecutor the 2nd refused. Told our lawyer he has to get a felony, but finally gave her a good plea deal So you either risk 7+ years in prison or take a plea deal with a 1 year felony turned to a misdeamoner then no record after 4 years... Or 7 years in prison...

I let my wife decide. I'd like to think I'd stick by my convictions and say go to court, but she made a choice and arguably the safer choice. POS detectives too. Did a polygraph on someone who is schizophrenic and tried to act like they could get it in court. Total lying POS fucking scumbag bitches... 

One detective told my wife he gets angry too, Peyton Manning threw an interception and he was so angry he threw the remote and broke his TV, that dude's a cop. Anger rage inducing POS is a cop


Sorry it still pisses me off and I'm rambling also want to say, my wife basically admitted she didn't harm the child. Got a felony and probation for a year and a misdeamoner, for admittingly stepping out of the room for a couple minutes to pack clothes to visit her parents while I was out of town...because my son fell and had a condition making him proned to brain bleeds. Total POS detectives and prosecutors
I think you need to go to r/legaladvice
The fact that a police offer can arrest anyone and they immediately have to prove their innocents is a real problem, especially when it costs thousands in legal fees.   

My daughter was charged with "being under the influence" at a school function when she had a panic attack, we had to pay three thousands to basically say "no she wasn't" not to mention the drug tests we put her through and the stress and a week suspension.   And of course we won because there was NO proof, but we actually had to because the courts would side with the police with nothing else.

What's even worse is the vice principal of the school WALKED her over to the police to get tested, wtf?

I can't imagine knowing a detective did it maliciously.
I got my ass kicked by some Fairfax pd back in 2002. I was too drunk too stand and they claimed I was resisting arrest. Good luck OP.
Classic Fairfax.
u/vzvictorzheng I went through the EXACT same thing in Austin TX 3 years ago (false charges with no way to defend myself and a corrupt detective pushing the narrative). Nothing was ever done to the detective despite having my attorney dealing directly with the police chief and filing reports. My life has been permanently stained and I had to take a deferred plea deal just to make sure I didn't spend my life in prison. I spent a week in jail, $50,000 in legal fees and  I'm on year 3 of 10 of my probation.
[deleted]
Police are not your friends. They don’t care about guilt or innocence. They just want to imprison the first person they talk to so they can go home to watch NASCAR and beat up their wives.
[deleted]
Similar thing happened to me, but in Canada. I couldn't afford a lawyer, didn't qualify for legal aid, and didn't want to accept money from my dad (long story) so I sort of had the reverse experience. Spent just under a year in a maximum security prison and had $0 in legal fees. I'd ask for help so I could sue for malicious prosecution or at least have the negligent/corrupt crown prosecutor disbarred but 1) malicious prosecution cases fail like 99% of the time, the crown wins and 2) disbarring a crown prosecutor is similar in that crown attorneys get away with all kinds of corrupt acts.

Good luck, seriously. The prosecutor in my case withheld security camera footage that clearly demonstrated that I was not guilty, and a week before my trial the POS finally disclosed it. I'll never get back that year and it's done a number on my mental health. Canadian prison is terrible and solitary confinement even for a few days is absolutely torture.

I'm not a libertarian but forget the politics, corrupt officials have got to be held accountable, cops and prosecutors especially. I lost my career, my home, and most importantly that time. Even the 6 days you faced, that's something you will never get back and people need to be held accountable for this shit. It can't keep going like this and racism *does* play a factor in how cops and prosecutors deal with matters. I upvoted all your posts, unfortunately that's about the most I can do from Canada.
Good luck. The police, prosecutors, and judges rarely face consequences for their crimes.
Just finished reading it. That is fucked up.
> Maybe in your family's culture, and I understand it, women are kinda looked at as second-class citizens
Meh. I had cops from **San Bernardino County** try to entrap me. Phished my phone, likely gained entry into my room, followed me around, overall tried to fuck with me while I was in town. I even masturbated into a hanky and dropped it into a bin in my room, which I'd remember because as a camper/hiker I keep track of trash. The soiled napkin disappeared from my motel room while I was out for breakfast.

I told my FB friends that I was willing to go all the way of the cops accosted me. You have to make it personal. I would rather die than go to jail, especially in California. What was their reason for suspicion and following me? I'm Brown and I'd arrived into Joshua Tree during Coachella. You can sign all the petitions that   
you want. One man threatened your freedom and hampered your life. What's the proper response to that? Getting him fired?
I think it was legal eagle on YouTube that said the British way of law is the winner is recouped their fees, which I mean why should you be bankrupted to prove your innocence?
Which Fairfax County? VA? The Fairfax County, VA cops are pretty well know for racially motivated arrests and brutality, so it wouldn't surprise me in the least
I'm not shocked.

When I was 16 I had an epileptic seizure and put my car in a ditch.
I was laying on the ground semi-conscious when I was tackled by four officers and had my face slammed into the ground and my nose broken.
my mom only found out where I was the next day when she filed a missing persons report.
I was in an isolation cell for 16 hours with no food and without my anti-seizure medicine and no phone calls.

I never even got so much as an apology.

thanks Port Royal South Carolina Police department you suck balls!

I'm 31 now and that interaction has made me distrustful of all police officers.
I'm sure this detective is hailed as a hero on r/ProtectandServe
My brother had an issue with Fairfax county as well because he dated one of their officers exs' fuck em
There are too many cops who railroad people and they end up in prison. Even when it's discovered the cop lied, little is done to them. Police shouldn't be protected when it's proven they broke the law by lying, planting evidence, etc. Not every cop is crooked but there are more bad than good.
Pot Brothers at Law are a pair of attorneys that made a 60 seconds video detailing the best way to deal with being questioned by the cops

https://youtu.be/V6tfEZI54Jg

Best advice ever.
Wow. Watched your video. As a fellow libertarian, you need to pursue something in the civil courts, even if you are asking for a small amount of money in damages. You have already done all of the heavy lifting, so just press charges in your local Justice of the Peace court for something like a couple thousand dollars.
how am I not surprised this is from Fairfax.
If people knew how common it is to have a moron detective literally browbeat suspects to try to get a confession I think the collective Americans' head would spin. 

This is business as usual, not an exception. It happened to me when I was 16 and they threatened me by saying they would put me in a jail cell with a murderer they just arrested. Imagine what that is like for a 16-year-old. I admitted to something I didn't do because of that. Luckily, I was a juvenile and it all got sealed but this is what they do regularly.
[deleted]
It’s fucking bullshit that this guy would’ve rotted away in prison if he wasn’t able to collect $60k for lawyers. The system actively works against the poor.
It takes seconds to sign the petition. You don’t have to sign up or pay.. why have over 35K people upvoted this, yet only about 3K bothered to click the link to sign..?
This is so frustrating. My family has dealt with false claims from someone with a severe mental health disorder. It’s so frustrating that it’s so expensive to defend yourself against false claims, but free to lie and slander. Our justice system needs to pursue an efficient way to deal with mental health disorders. The current way of things seems to be to ignore them. I’ve heard dozens of stories like this. 
Also, that detective was a jerk! He’s sympathetic to the manipulative woman, but the sweet, nerdy guy is treated like garbage. What crap.
One of the "top" cops in the Seattle area tried to come after me and someone close to me for crimes we didn't commit. We had known him for years on a personal level but when his partner's son (our 'friend') got caught doing a series of felonies, it became personal. He and the partner just "knew" we were involved so they did everything in their power, including break laws, to try to get at least one of us tossed into jail. Very fortunately, there was a relative had enough money to hire a good lawyer who won a case in court. Yes, there were arrests and even a trial. They even brought in the FBI, which briefly took over the investigation and then even more quickly dropped the investigation altogether. It didn't stop the cop and Prosecutor though. After a week-long trial, the jury took an hour to elect a foreman, cover a dozen+ witness testimonies, cover nearly a hundred pieces of evidence, and determine a not-guilty vote. They went out of their way to make names publicly known in the media, and it cost the family more than the average middle-class annual income just to keep out of jail.

Last I heard that cop was still making a substantial six-figure taxpayer-funded salary and will be paying his six-figure pension as long as he's alive.
Petitions don't arrest people. If you have 1,000,000 or more signatures. What would you do with them? This seems like some kind of scam or something.

You can talk to the DA in Fairfax County. Give them your information. And if the DA finds your case worthy, then the DA will arrest the officer.
Is there a fund? I got a 500 for this guy for his legal team
What happened here is terrible. I have to ask, though, what good is signing a petition on [change.org](https://change.org)? As opposed to a fundraiser to support legal costs, etc?
What is the charge for making others life miserable? It is crazy to think a liar could ruin someone's life and get away
I'm pretty sure these petition sites sell your data to call centers and auto text spammers.
[deleted]
We need to have a national law that at the very least, allows us to vote to fire bad cops. There is no accountability and there needs to be at least some.
Watch this, share it with friends and family 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-7o9xYp7eE
I saw a video of some experienced lawyer and police saying just this. The cop said something like, 'if you go to them trust them they will defend and protect you but if they come to you (he was adamant about this) DO NOT trust them. They are trained to lie and deceive you and to use everything any anything you say or do for the sole purpose of convicting you. guilty or innocent'
“Please dont donate, the money doesnt go to me or my fundraiser”

Just sign the damn petition, you dont even have to get in the streets for this one.
I've been watching a lot of this Criminal Psychology YouTube lately https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCYwVxWpjeKFWwu8TML-Te9A and even with the "don't talk to the cops" mantra, even not saying anything can often hurt you. They'll videotape it and use your attitude against you in court. The officer and psychologists will testify that "no innocent person acts like this". In some places, theyve got time periods when it's perfectly legal to harass you even if you've asked for a lawyer. And then they'll also threaten to ramp up the charges and make things worse for not cooperating. And then they'll follow through on those threats if you don't.

Our justice system is rotten from the top to the bottom, but we cheer it on because once a year, locking someone in a room and to torturing them catches a serial killer.
Please take some money to claw back a fraction of your legal fees
So many cases of police corruption go ignored because they don't appear racially motivated. All of it is connected, not singular.
Fairfax is all CIA folks. They have literally a 99% win rate for cases against the intelligence community and they always try them there.

Check out John kiriakou and other CIA leakers describing their ordeals with this district. Of course the Cops of the region are "on the take" regarding them. 

Did he try to bang some CIA officers daughter or something? That's a good way to get the program on you for being "innocent". 

Justice is a game to these people and always has been. We are living under tyranny, Fairfax is the belly of the beast. Good luck.
All of this is missing the point.

There are thousands of archaic, and outdated laws on the books, and laws so vague, anyone can be accused of breaking them.

And once accused innocence is expensive. 

Lawyers, and courts cost $10's of thousands to millions to litigate. 

And the State has bottomless pockets.
This is really weird.  It feels like an engineered post.  Who is this guy?  What is the point of making this post?

Not saying the cop and the girl aren't douche bags, but given the huge amount of attention given this post in r/libertarian it smells suspicious.
Not a Libertarian but watched his video and went through JCS’s criminal psychology videos last night. Never talk to the police.

Even if you want to help or you have the fear you’ll look guilty, you have to train yourself to put your foot down and assert your right to remain silent and demand a lawyer. Cops are *predators.*

This racist cop should be dealt consequences for falsifying/withholding evidence and framing him. The mentally ill girl should be charged for framing him (listen to her incoherent gibberish, it was clear she was lying from the get go). And the victim should file suit against the city.
$60,000 in legal fees when the case was disposed of at a preliminary hearing?

That seems hella high.
Screw arresting him. Where are the Boondock Saints when you need them?
Start a legal fund to sue the false accuser. Too many times false accusers get away with no consequences.
Well I sent an email to  chief@fairfaxcounty.gov and asked that they conduct a full and transparent investigation into Detective DeCoster as well as honor all Freedom of Information requests regarding his past history.
F@!*k them dirty  pigs, may they lick boots in hell
Posts like these are now being investigated as felonies against police officers for cyber harassment...no lie:


https://news.yahoo.com/tweeted-retweeted-photo-cop-black-100037519.html
Remember guys, no good can come from talking to the cops and only bad stuff can happen. They're trying to slip you up. Dont tell them shit even if you're innocent.
Why don't you post the details from the police department and the details from your attorney along with the court transcripts so we can decide for ourselves. Because I for one will not help someone who is upset they were arrested just because they are upset they were arrested.
Listen to the Joe Rogan experience episode 1521.  
It’s about the innocence project.  

Listen to it now.  Everyone
Just go full vigilante, because....hey, if the cops don't care about the law, *why should you*?

If the law doesn't matter when the cops violate it, *the law doesn't matter at all*.
FTP
I hope they nail the bent bastard.
I live in Fairfax County and have a close friend/roommate that was racially profiled by a Fairfax Police Officer... unsurprisingly, even after he lodged a complaint and met with the police chief months later, nothing came of it.
It is done my friend. Good luck
Oh, hey, it’s my county in the news again...
Man... I don’t have any useful information or anything helpful really, but I just want to say I wish you the best of luck dude. Fuck that guy, I hope he rots in hell and I hope you find justice. Can’t imagine having to go through life ruining bullshit like that. Hopefully he has a drinking problem or something and has a painful heart attack and dies alone. I wish him all the suffering in the world.
Fairfax County Virginia?
Help you? Are we forming a posse? Neat.
[removed]
[removed]
Why no defamation suit?
Never waive your Miranda rights.
Dudes off his fuckin rocker too.  Dat video lol
It is a sad state we live in. I have told my kids on many occasions, the police are not your friend. They are not trying to help you out. Keep quiet until I get there.
So all I have to do to fuck up someone’s life is to make a false rape report? Seriously no wonder no one takes the system seriously.
50k+ for charges dropped at first hearing? With 40k texts that can provide location info?  I'm calling bullshit.
Poor guy committed suicide with 2 bullets to the back of the head.
Normalize Getting Help For Mental Illness 2020
ACAB
Proud of you guys for actually upholding libertarian ideals.
Someone link the vid of those two lawyers.
parents dont teach their kids about never talking to the police,

make sure you tell your sons and daughers
"Innocent until proven guilty"
It’s not letting me sign
why are you talking to him without a lawyer?
Dude I have no clue if you did anything but this is a really bad way of going about it. Also this happened 7 years ago? Plus why did you spend the first part of the video talking about anime? 

Post the full interrogation video. Seems a bit cherry picked, even if you are innocent. She seems fucking weird too.
I'm not gonna give you money, or repost this, or even send a stern email, but I guess I'll upvote and wish you luck 👍
thats an insane story, glad you made it out!
Whole lot of up votes and not too many signatures
Dox him. Get his personal information out to the public
Why?  Laws just harm the common man. Just go vigilante on him and that will be a message to all cops to watch their back. Right Libertarians?
Living and growing up in Fairfax County, this does not surprise me.
There is a quicker way.  Poof and he's gone.
Just 3.6 roentgen. No worries!
Qualified Immunity will tear your case down. If i were you id register badapples.com and hold a public registry of shitty law enforcers.
Get him! Can we find a way to help you more?
One of my greatest fears is getting jailed for a crime I haven’t committed. I hope you were able to recover from such a harrowing experience, and I hope you’re able to get the justice you deserve.
What about the bitch that accused you of rape?
This is the flip side of the current culture of always believing the victim.

Unfortunately in sexual assault cases, especially those brought well after the fact, there is often no physical evidence.  The result it charges are almost entirely brought with only victim testimony, and the mental health of a victim is a very sensitive reason not to believe them.  This is important so that vulnerable people are not victimized without impunity.  

Remember that probable cause is reasonable belief that a crime has occurred. Situations like this is why there are preliminary (probable cause) hearings, Grand Jury hearings, etc.  I dont know the facts of this case, but remember there was a magistrate judge who signed off on this warrant that probable cause existed.  Unless the detective can be shown to have lied to the magistrate, there is really no recourse here.  Showing a pattern of behavior with this detective would help.

I say this as a former cop (cue downvotes) with experience in that sexual assault victims are often very believable and play to the emotions of the investigating officers, who are fallible humans.  I am not passing any judgment on the facts of this case and I hate that you had to go through this, but the current culture of the criminal justice system is to believe the victim unless overwhelming evidence contradicts their claims.  A ridiculously large number of sexual assault claims end up being unfounded, but again it is even more difficult to prove this.  I agree that malicious claims by people attempting to use this system for nefarious means should be punished, but police are in a very difficult position in these cases.

And yes I realize my username is unfortunate relative to this post.
Before or after he was a Vietnam veteran.
End qualified immunity, defund them, hold them accountable.
Keep on fighting man, i sincerely hope you get these dick heads arrested and outed
[removed]
[removed]
It seems to me the accuser is the real issue here. I don't see how that is a libertarian concern.
Holy crap!!! Feel for this dude

Just listened to a podcast 

https://bailstreet.libsyn.com/johnny-hincapie-exonerated-after-25-years-in-prison

  about a high school kid in 1990 who spent 25 years in prison in a case similar to the Central Park Five

The same detective who sent the Central Park Five to prison also coerced a confession out of this 18 year old. 

He literally went to a concert at Roseland Ballroom and then the next night the NYPD took him away
As somebody that lives in Fairfax County, it’s scary knowing that somebody like this has power over me directly. I despise the fact that if I ever get involved in a criminal case, this man could do something similar to me.
I live in fairfax county. It's not a libertarian place. In sorry this happened to you.
Interesting. As a lib left person myself, are you asking folks here to group fund your pursuit of justice 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Help your buddy out they need a bath
I have sympathy, bro, but, and correct me if I'm wrong, you stuck your dick in crazy.
“Um, sir this a Wendy’s”
The state should have to eat every wrongfully tried case's legal defence. They need to focus on bringing only legit cases first then try to "win" as a prosecutor. This system of young prosecutors trying to win every case or they get reprimanded is broken and life changing for many wrongfully tried and convicted people.
As a libertarian all I have to say is "you're on your own."
look at that. the libertarians at the front page again.

&#x200B;

haven't seen r/conservative or r/democrats on the front page...ever.
Why was this guy talking to a psycho with 40,000 messages?
First name ‘Law’, Last Name ‘Yer’
**LET'S FIND THE BOSTON BOMBER, REDDIT!**
Do better
I am sorry. Those two individuals need to face charges for what they did to you and others.
I’m going to kill Darrin DeCoster in Minecraft :D
The only word you should ever say when it comes to the police is “lawyer”.
Crazy! don't forget to post this in other places. I'm far left but police misconduct affects all of us. Post this in the left sub's too, y'all know we love a good protest :)

Stay safe right buddies.
What can we do to help?
How does this post have almost 27 thousand upvotes but the petition has less than 2,500 signatures?
Good luck to you.
 [https://mclynasforsheriff.com/about-james-mclynas/](https://mclynasforsheriff.com/about-james-mclynas/)
No thanks
Why was the OP's account suspended???
I’ll do anything I can, PM me. I’m resourceful.
33k upvotes only 2.7k signed the petition.
Whatsup Victor. SAS FA14 here. Hope you get the justice you’ve been looking for.
I see 30k upvotes but only 2.5k signatures on the petition. Come on people! He isn't even asking for money, just a signature...
This video says it all. 
https://youtu.be/d-7o9xYp7eE
I regretfully signed this, knowing full well that I'll be receiving a metric ass ton of spam from change.org for months to come
Omg. What a freaking story.
I know Rep Presley proposed the End Police Immunity Act, maybe you could speak to those Reps about your experience. Your article could be pushed to the New York Times/larger media orgs for more exposure. 
Non-profits serious about ending policy immunity could help you get in contact with lawyers offering their services pro bono for this cause. I'm so sorry you had to go through this.
Solved= DeCoster is banging Jenny
So the polygraph was done by someone he hired and he got off over a discrepancy of the dates... what if it was a year later than she remembered and that’s why her texts were normal, bc it hadn’t happened yet?
Does anyone have a list of people this had to?   The whole talk to police while innocent and have your life ruined thing I'm talking about.  I'm thinking of putting something together for either a copy pasta or something to share to law enforcement when they "encourage" people.
How can you not countersue for the $60,000? Seems like that would be easy?
You need an attorney and their good advice, not invisible internet points.
Which candidate are you supporting in 2020?
How is it this post has 37000 upvotes but the petition still hasn't reached the 5000 signatures needed?
You should file a 1983 action in US District Court. Seems like the attorney who charged you $60,000 should be indicted for theft
What if your friend is chief and another is a lieutenant, would you show them your weed grow, if they asked nicely?
#BeliveAllWomen wants this to happen to you.
Who's ready to watch the GOP act like they never supported Trump?
You can see the rats fleeing the ship right now. This is going to be great.
I'm just excited to see the GOP suddenly care about the federal debt again.

Edit: pretend to care*
Well Trump was them forgetting about Bush 43. 

What will they put on stage for us to forget about Trump?
If they totally ostracize Trump after he's out of office, they will likely lose a ton of supporters. Might be a good thing for the LPUSA though
Fox is bailing, Limbaugh is bailing, Chris Christie is out, Drudge was gone a long time ago.
The scapegoating blaming libertarians has already started.
Modern gop is dead imo.  Most decided to go all in on identity politics instead of having a actual base.
I'm interested to see how many libertarians pretend they didn't support Trump
There is no loyalty just whatever makes them hold their cushy job
It's already happened on fox news, they've accepting defeat and are distancing big-time.
Eric bitching about 2024 candidates not taking action...as if they had any power to do anything to stop democracy. Can't wait to see that whole clown family in jail.
If trump would have lost in a landslide yes.  But he barely lost and republicans kept the senate and won seats in the house. As much as I dislike the man he’s not going anywhere and neither are his supporters
Remains to be seen how possible that is.  Trump is still wildly popular with Republicans, and the GOP all still have primaries to come.  Will rank and file see Trump as a loser, or a winner betrayed by the backstabbing GOP establishment that failed to fight when the Dems stole the election somehow?
I think if Trump runs again in 2024, they'll keep blowing him, if not, some will ditch him
More like bitch about things they had no problem with Trump doing or saying. 

Here comes the debt being our nations number one threat again.
Right now some of them are doubling down.
The look on Trump's face and his body language are signaling defeat.  He knows it.  At this point I think he's putting on a show for his loyal followers.  He's done for though, and now I will not be surprised to see some charges coming his way from the state investigations he's the target of.
Need to see how many do. Lindsey Graham has already put his own money in to support Trump's legal battles.
[deleted]
They'll ~~diefy~~ deify him the same way they did Reagan.
I remember posting to r/Conservative once asking what made Trump a conservative. *Crickets*
I doubt it. He could run in 2024 and they would back him again.
Oh no, Trumpism is alive and well, unfortunately.
I am just disappointed that my grandfather switched parties and voted for Biden this year,  he never would have done that while he was alive.
They don't need Trump anymore.

Remember, the Republicans didn't want Trump originally.  They **hated** the dude.  But Trump kept trouncing every other candidate in the polls.  So they bit the pillow and allowed him to take over.

Of course, the orange idiot managed to beat Hillary and the Republicans stumbled into the Presidency and gaining multiple SC seats.

And that alone would have been enough for them to have made out like gangbusters on the deal.  But now, we're finding out that the American people aren't even going to punish them for backing Trump.  They're going to keep the Senate.  They've gained a ton of seats in the House.  Biden is going to squeak out a win versus Trump for the Presidency, but no blue wave happened.  In fact, more minorities voted for Trump than any Republican candidate since like 1960.  This was a major push back against the far left and their crazy bullshit.  Hell, Democrats spent absurd amounts of money to oust idiot Republicans like Lindsay Graham and lost miserably.  

So why do the Republicans need Trump now?  Cocaine Mitch, in the words of Palpatine, is the Senate.  He's going to stop any legislation Pelosi and her razor thin majority in the House tries to pass.  Biden has no mandate and he's a senile old idiot.  Even assuming he can hang on for his full term, he ain't getting shit done.  In two years, more Democrat held seats are up for election which gives the Republicans a great chance to take the House.

And look, it ain't like Biden has the easiest job in the world now that he's won.  He's facing a continuing pandemic, loads of people still out of work, millions of Americans thinking he stole the election and all the unrest that will bring, BLM and antifa continuing to protest and/or burn shit down, etc.  Plus, he's got to fend off a revolt in his own party from the far left folks like AOC.  He's **fucked**.  It won't be hard for the Republicans to paint him as a failure.

Trump was a thorn in the Republicans' side who turned into a useful idiot.  Now he's not useful anymore so Mitch and Co. are going to leave him out in the cold.  They'll pivot right back to the Obama-era policies of obstruction and blaming every thing on the Democrats.  And it'll fucking work.  Come 2024 they'll find some politician that can push the populist rhetoric of Trump w/o all of Trump's character flaws and bullshit and they'll be right back in charge of the White House.
Divided government whewww! I think this election was probably the best outcome that could have happened
There will be two types of gop: whinny snowflakes who are engaged in a boot-licking contest, and those who never ever supported trump.
I'd love to think a return to relatively normalcy in government, where the POTUS isn't a troll doing their best to be an insufferable jackass would make these people dump Trump.

I don't see right wing media allowing that to happen though - the people who support him are in an entirely different world than the rest of us, and they'll be goaded and pushed further to extremism in the same way they were during Obama.
This made me laugh. But my gosh it’s true
They will also start acting like the deficit is a critical issue... after four years of silence.
Actually, I’ve seen most if not all Republicans scream voter fraud. So fuck them
I mean the Trump relationship with Republicans was like most of Trump’s relationships. Pretty Forced.
And also more than half of you here...
support who?  never heard of him ...
I can't wait for this to start.  The Republicans stood a better chance if they removed Trump when they had the chance and Pence ran for office.

It's the same stupidity that happened in 2000.  If Clinton was removed from office, and Gore became President, he probably would have easily won the 2000 election.
But the sad part is that their base won’t care.

As we saw in the other election, trump loyalists held onto their seats.

People, or at least half the country, is more concerned with hating the other side than justice.
It's not over till the lawsuits get settled
I'm interested to see how far they push in the knife into Biden's back when they're done with him. I'll be surprised if he isn't on his way out by March.
I think.more and more will bail and they watch him unravel, he's only getting worse, and as the world predicted, he will not leave gracefully. I think that is going to turn a lot of the GOP off. His cult will still bitch though. Unfortunately I think they will shout conspiracy theories for their entire lives 🤦‍♀️
Won't happen.

Trump will either 1. Start MAGA TV 2. Set up a "Shadow Government" in Trump Hotel DC

2024 nominee will be Trump 2.0.  More palatable but holds the same views.
We can't let them do that. Any and all evidence showing they did needs to be front and center.
They're all part of the system and he is not, it was to be expected.
You think Trump is the next Iraq War?
GOP: I never had supporter relations with that man.
I'm excited for the return of civil debates and an environment in which compromise might be more possible.
They’ve also acted like you shouldn’t pick justices on election years...
I hope he gets the “Old Yeller” treatment if you know what I mean...
I'm waiting for their 180 on needing a more serious response to the pandemic.
Who's ready to watch the libertarians act like they never supported trump?
Center-right here. Never voted for Trump and have been horrified that he was ever a thing.

Curious to see what Fox News does though.
Seeing this thread re-enforces how much better I get along with and like libertarians more than conservatives. As a more centrist dem, y'all ain't so bad in comparison. Like I told my friend (who is libertarian) I may not agree with you on everything but holy shit at least you're not extreme right like these morons. (Trump and his base)
Just like the libertarians are doing?
Before they locked conservative to flair only users they started shifting to being gracious losers and hoping Biden would unite the country. Why the fuck wasn’t your shitty president doing that? I say fuck all republicans (and most democrats) and let’s redistrict all those red states into perfect squares
I keep seeing them say on r/conservative "nobody votes for him because of his character, but despite it. We just hate liberal policies. Literally anyone else would have been better".

Ok, then why did YOU vote him through?? As if there were no other candidates.
Lmao it's going to be soooo funny xD
Who? Donald Trump? He was a low level coffee boy. Never had any interaction with the GOP, and the leaders in Washington didn't even know who he was until his name appeared in the press.
For some of us who really did never support Trump, this is a welcome breath of fresh air
I'm also interested to watch the democrats suddenly forgot about police brutality and reform.  Because that only happens in 'Trumps America', amirite?
Didn’t we see this 4 years ago with HRC, to a different tune?
[deleted]
They are already doing it. Did you see that press conference with not a single Republican senator or congressman to be seen?
They won’t cause they can’t,  he owns the party now.  How many GOP flags have you seen?
Yeah, this isn’t happening. Trump made inroads to all sorts of minority groups that were pure Democrats just a few years ago. Trump populism has been a very successful strategy.
[deleted]
Gonna be so many deleted Reddit accounts...

I guess the right no longer wants to talk about the laptop. The story goes poof just like the migrant caravan.
The moment Trump's a lame duck, they no longer have reason to toe the party line. They'll throw him under the bus, and it will be delicious to watch.
Trump isn't going anywhere. He got almost 70 million votes. The second Joe Biden takes office Trump will be on the campaign trail for 2024. His clout is massive. Republicans will continue to support him. As soon as they don't, they get a nickname and a 5 minute sketch at a rally in their state.
It's politics.  The left and right would support Satan himself if it benefited them.
Some say Breanna Taylor was unjustly killed by police, some say her boyfriend is to blame. When will someone state the obvious... she is another needless casualty of the long midguided, violence based, 'War on Drugs'?
When?
I've been saying this for years. We need to demand an end to the War on Drugs. Now. 50ish years in, still not working, still dividing and destroying this country. 

Sure, drugs are bad, but the second and third order effects of this misguided and militant attempt at prohibition are exponentially worse.

**Edit**

When I say "Sure, drugs are bad," I'm conceding, for the sake of the argument, that drugs are bad so as not to allow the conversation to be derailed by those with a moral objection to drug use.

My point is that even if you are are absolutely against recreational drug use, you can still be absolutely against the drug war.
No knock warrants need to end, drug war needs to end.
Who would blame someone for fighting back against people breaking into your home? 

Wasn't it a no knock warrant? They are supposed to be disorienting. Why are we surprised when the person is disoriented?
Her boyfriend was exercising his second amendment rights and defended his home from armed intruders. Nothing more, nothing less
They didn't even find drugs. Or cash. Neither of them had criminal records.

r/DefundPolice/comments/j02pgx/legal_gun_legal_right_to_protect_your_home_vs/

He had a legal gun and a Constitutional right to protect his home. No-knock warrants for no good reason are the bread & butter of 'War on Drugs'. This is the failure of government in America. Laws that contradict other laws. You are allowed to defend your home but if you do it is **used as justification to shoot at you 40 times**.
The people who say her bf is too blame have never been robbed before and should shut the fuck up
Jo Jorgensen said exactly this.
> You understand what I'm saying? We knew we couldn't make it illegal to be either against the war or black, but by getting the public to associate the hippies with marijuana and blacks with heroin. And then criminalizing both heavily, we could disrupt those communities," Ehrlichman said. "We could arrest their leaders. raid their homes, break up their meetings, and vilify them night after night on the evening news. Did we know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did.

The War on Drugs is explicitly racist and authoritarian. These are all interconnected problems. It accelerated the police state and the prison plantation, but the police state won’t go away if we legalized all drugs tomorrow. They’ll swat black kids with toy guns on Zoom instead.

I’m pretty sure everyone who hates cops also hates the War on Drugs. And I don’t just mean legalizing weed and DMT. I mean legalizing cocaine, molly, amphetamines, and opiates, too. Maybe we legalize Adderall instead of meth, and methadone instead of fentanyl, though. Just seems wise from a harm reduction perspective. But fent possession shouldn’t be a crime in any case.
[deleted]
A lot of Democrats do talk about how the war of drugs was at times specifically targeting black communities and still effects them way more, but yea I don't hear it specifically with this case much
You either support the 2nd amendment and the right to defend yourself on your property, or you're a bootlicker who supports extrajudicial executions.
The war on drugs hasn't been any more successful than the prohibition of alcohol in the 20s, and both created massive organized crime groups that only made things more deadly. The war on drugs was created as a racist republican crusade against 'immorality'.
[deleted]
I could be wrong but I don't believe the legality of a drug has any bearing on whether or not someone does them. I've never heard anyone say that if meth gets legalized I'm gonna get wasted or I guess since heroin is illegal I'll just take a pack of cigarettes.
Long story short, conservatives need bogeymen and bad guys for their "good cop" routine to work. They scare people with stereotypes of lazy, entities and bad people who their constituents can feel "better than" by "backing the badge" and enforcing draconian criminal policy.
It blows my mind that this isn’t what’s being talked about more than anything else. End the war on drugs and cops won’t have a reason to harass communities of color anymore or people in general. They can’t search your car because it “smells like pot” or raid your home because you “received a suspicious package”. The WOD has always done more harm to lives than the drugs themselves.
Literally her boyfriend shot at bad cops in plains clothes executing a no knock warrant on the wrong house he did the right thing.
Honestly her BF was in the right, if a motherfucker busts in my house in the middle of the night I’m fucking blasting no second thoughts
They aren't mutually exclusive. The state and individual police can fuck up at the same time. Pretty sure that has happened here.
The war on drugs and the persecution of minorities by police are correlated. That’s why the war on drugs started. To crack down on “hippies and the blacks”
Non-libertarian here that actually favors gun control, but.... isn’t using your gun to defend your own home from assailants breaking in sort of... the most cut and dried case of self defense imaginable? Like, how could anybody blame the boyfriend? 

One of the many things that is just so fucked about the whole thing. OP I totally am with you about the stupidity of the drug war. I hope people in all political parties can start to see it for the BS that it is.
You are correct. BLM isn't talking about the war on drugs enough and conservatives love it and want it to keep going. In the mind of conservatives, any injustice that results from it is justified, because drugs are bad m'kay.
I would just like to take this moment to congratulate DRUGS....
For winning the “war on drugs”
I'm still wondering how shooting Breanna Taylor is part of the Interstate Commerce clause, the supposed legal justification for the War on ~~Drugs~~ Americans.
ALL DRUGS SHOULD BE LEGALIZED
Didn’t someone in Nixon’s or Reagan’s administration eventually admit that the war on drugs had nothing to do with drugs? He said it was an excuse to disrupt blacks and hippies. I’m pretty sure it’s declassified on the CIA website now, and that means we are perpetuating a war that we now know was designed to hurt citizens based on race and political affiliation.
They came in the night. They were at the wrong house. They killed an innocent person. 

Manslaughter at the least.
How do people not look at prohibition in the early 20th century and say “yeah that didn’t work, why would it work with drugs?”

I feel like I’m taking CRAZY pills
The fact that so many people have said "this is what happens when you hang out with drug dealers" is insane. Even if there were drugs in the house, the fact that association with the sale of drugs is worthy of death sickens me. 

Not to mention half of these people are just making up false shit about the victims or framing hypothetical scenarios as what happened. Like the god forsaken monster that is Candace Owens said    "well what, so if the police raid a meth lab they have to hold their fire when being shot at in case they hit someone?" Sure you godamn troglodyte, if you turn the innocent nurse into fucking Walter White, MAYBE it gets slightly less bad. But guess what? Making up completely ubrelated scenarios and asking what might have happened there is not a fucking argument.
 Can the mods correct the spelling of her name in the title? This post should be seen but it bugs me that OP didn't get her name right.
We need to end “middle of the night” search warrants. It’s much better if you just go in broad daylight (and greater chance the house is empty.)
The war on drugs is the pretext; the racism is the goal. Getting rid of war on drugs won't stop this, but will make white people feel better about it.
Sure, but that doesn't remove the fact that cops are not being held accountable.
With the street price of a gram of heroin, you could make it legally AND pay for an uber, social worker to check up, and medical supervision.

By making it legal, they pay the full price and the rest of us have to pay more for law enforcement and some bystanders get killed.

Its bad to have externalities this large that can easily be internalized.

Of course, cop unions would hate that because the war on drugs is big $ for them.
That War on drugs is shit, people should be able to do drugs if they want to, that's something called freedom, so this war on drugs ain't really attacking drugs all these countries they are attacking the freedom of millions of users which thousands now lay on jail, see for example LSD, that drugs causes no greater harm than alcohol it could even be said LSD is safer than alcohol or tobacco so if the gouvernements reason on war on drugs is to protect us and our health from these harmful drugs, they got no argument good enough to explain why many psychedelichs like LSD or stimulants like weed which make little to no harm, are ilegal while alcohol, tobacco and caffeine aren't ilegal.
Never. Because pharmaceutical companies are rich enough to become controlling stake holders in pr firms and media companies as well as super PACs and troll farms. Controlling the narrative away from the policies that protect their profit margins produces maximum profit. If their CEO does not pursue maximum profit, that is grounds for removal by the shareholders.
Nice spelling.
The war on drugs focuses too much on punishment instead of rehabilitation and it's only making the problem worse/stagnant.
Why are they storming a suspect’s house guns blazing when he is moving drugs in USPS sized parcels?  I mean, sure, smash Pablo Escobar’s door down if you have to, but a low level dealer? Really?  The risk:reward is a joke. Human life for a kilo? Just stop.
Thank FUCKING GOD someone said it. People look at me like Im crazy when I urge protesters to demand the end of the war on drugs.

Ever since Nixon started the war on drugs it has been used arbitrarily to disproportionately persecute african americans by huge margin.   I agree police brutality is bad, **THE POLICE ARE NOT THE CORE ISSUE.**  This cycle of violence against police is just going to continue until people target policies that they are ordered to carry out.

Fuck the prison system too.
Again, r/libertarian with a good argument and good question 

No /S or anything, this is just good
The only witness the AG cherrypicked to say they heard the police announce themselves changed his story after 2 months after initially stating the opposite
This isn't a new thing, people have been talking about it since it started. The war on drugs started as a political tool and destroyed countless of people's live.
Oh, it's not misguided. They know exactly what they're doing, they have since the war on drugs started all the way back in the Nixon administration.

It was always about race and demographic. That was the point. We're just so brainwashed by the propaganda about most drugs (especially cannabis) that we think it's some demon shit.

Well, maybe "we" is wrong, but the point stands
Drugs war is dumb. Alcohol kills more 

[drug deaths ](https://www.drugabuse.gov/drug-topics/trends-statistics/overdose-death-rates)

[alcohol deaths ](https://www.caron.org/blog/alcohol-is-killing-more-people-than-the-opioid-epidemic)
People only focus on the users of the drugs, but they are ignoring the people who are selling and transporting the drugs. It notoriously breeds crime, dealers fighting over areas, people assaulted or killed for not paying drug debts, whole areas go to crap because people don’t care. In my area, they put a safe injection site. Once, a normal, big city neighborhood, turned into an area where everyone has had their houses broken into, their cars broken into or stolen, being assaulted for being at the wrong place at the wrong time, homeless aggressively begging for change already fucked up on drugs, pissing and shitting themselves, garbage piles everywhere, dealers fighting each other...you can pretend like just doing drugs isn’t a problem but you would be ignoring all the criminal and addiction aspects of it.
All research and successful drug policies show that treatment should be increased, and law enforcement decreased while abolishing mandatory minimum sentencing.  - SOAD
I am all for protecting civilians against no knock warrents. I am all for ending the war on drugs. I am all for getting tougher on bad cops. I am all for making this a country where black lives matter just as much as any other race's life.
Plenty of people say this, they just use the words "systemic racism" which is synonymous.
Anybody else going to bring up how Breanna was alive for 20 minutes and was not given medical attention in time unlike the cop who had a non fatal wound and the boyfriend was calling 911 for help only to get arrested?
To be fair, I have not heard *anyone* claim that her boyfriend is to blame! Except maybe "bootlickers", who just support the cops no matter that they do.
And there you have it folks. It’s not about defunding it about reallocation of service. We are not building a rocket ship! What we need is better involvement on a human lever.
We can all be thankful to Nancy Regan for waging a war on drugs while refusing to acknowledge AIDS, an actual epidemic that was decimating the gay and black communities.  But seeing as this was "God's punishment" for those undesirable communities who has clearly earned it, a crusade against Marijuana was clearly the  moral obligation.

But, all that aside, the war on drugs has only succeeded in stigmatizing and criminalizing addiction and addicts making drug use the problem, as opposed to recognizing it as a symptom.
What happened to Breonna Taylor is truly a tragedy. No matter who or what she was doing in that moment or beforehand. It’s despicable that this country cannot just be sad and mourn over something that’s sad and worth mourning. Instead her death turns into a political bit. I can’t believe so many Americans are so easily swayed and so easily influenced. It’s scary cuz I’m an American and I can’t even trust my fellow citizens to have the ability to differentiate between a truly tragic and unjustifiable act and an easy chess piece. 😔
Legalize drugs and prostitution.
That's part of what people have been protesting, and one of the foundations of BLM. The "war on drugs" is one of the systemically racist programs we have, and its impact is felt by both whites and POC.
The war on drugs really triggers me. What is the purpose of it? To battle drug addiction? If that's the case then not only is it ineffective it is counterproductive. Just because something is illegal does not mean people won't find a way. (Considering prohibition and currently marijuana use) I don't do heroin not because it's illegal, but because i know how addicting it is and how detrimental addiction can be on your life, because i'm educated on the matter. Investment in education would be a better way to combat drug addiction. 

Having illegal drugs makes patients less likely to disclose their full medical history. They will not report use of illegal drugs due to stigma or fear of being imprisoned. This limits the ability to properly diagnose and treat. Additionally, when someone develops a substance addiction, their mental priorities and perceptions are warped. Addiction is a mental health problem and we are lacking on mental health resources too. Only recently have more people come to recognize a mental health problem as problem contributing to a patient's overall health. We need to have affordable resources to help rehabilitate those whose recreational drug use has now become a drug dependency. It's hard to quit and harder to do alone. 

Additionally, substance abuse and addiction is one of the top contributors to divorce. If people had the resources in order to get help they needed, this could change the outcome of their marriage. This is important because every experience shapes us to who we are, but especially our childhood experiences when we develop the most. Divorces do not mean the kids turn out terrible. In some cases divorces are the better option, but if we can strengthen the family bonds by getting help for the addiction, it could benefit the children later in life. Another main factor in divorce is due to finances. This is why it's so important that these resources should be provided at an affordable rate. 

Indirectly the war on drugs has created an entire market for illegal drugs. People can make significantly more money selling illegal drugs full time than working a 9-5. The govt loves to portray drug dealers in such a negative light as if they arent the ones who created their jobs for them lol 

Stop inhibiting our choices. Drug laws are in place not to benefit us, but to benefit the private prisons which almost 50% of the prisoners are incarcerated due to drug offenses.
I agree, but I'm upset that I was led to believe it was a no-knock raid this whole time
The war on drugs has two purposes:


1- To keep minorities down. See the [CIA Contra report](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_involvement_in_Contra_cocaine_trafficking).


2- To fill prisons with cheap labor for companies like Unicor. Prisoners make less than a dollar an hour working for Unicor, and make everything from license plates to Kevlar combat helmets for them. (See the [Prison Industrial Complex](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prison%E2%80%93industrial_complex)).


Fun fact, my last Kevlar I was issued on deployment was made by Unicor.
It’s not even that. The guy they were looking for, for whom they had this no knock warrant, was already in their custody. I repeat, the they already had the man they were looking for. These guys should have never left the station. Dispatch should have said “hey wait what the fuck are you guys doing?” 

The war on drugs is inherently racist but that’s not the problem here. The problem here is that police have been purposefully hiring unqualified officers for decades because stupid people are easier to “command” than intelligent people who might feel some moral dilemma when asked to do illegal things that would get a supervisor or fellow cop in trouble and that violates “the thin blue line” which police unions are so desperate to maintain. 

We stopped chasing criminals and started hiring them.
Being a libertarian is a lonely place of reason.
I think that's a factor when people say she was unjustly killed by police
Imo the law is the main fault; the fact that the were doing a no knock raid at all
r/basedlibertarian
I said that 2 days ago... it's the truth. Along with a militarized police force.
I agree. Even if they had the right house and people (which they did not), I don't understand the response. They were investigating drug related charges. A nonviolent charge. 

In the military we are taught proper escalation of force when in theater. How is it that members of a military force in a combat zone is expected to treat potential enemy combatants with greater restraint than our police do to the very citizens they are supposed to be protecting.
It is time for society to allow citizens to make their own decisions. Drugs will always be around - the opioid epidemic is LEGAL for the most part and facilitated by health care professionals. If someone wants to traffic and sell meth/crack/heroine - let them.
If anything drugs are a health problem. Atleast where I live overdose deaths are outpacing covid deaths 2 to 1 since March. Part of the issue is shitty supply due to closed borders so more fentanyl. As radical as it seems, treating them as sick people and not criminals is the best way forward. 

We’d have to actually train police to help though and I don’t think they’d like that too much.
[deleted]
It's already been stated. Most Americans aren't all that crazy about drug policing. Only a small fraction want drugs to be not only outlawed but heavily policed, usually conservative soccer moms and boomers who watch too much evening news.

The problem is that the majority doesn't feel like they have the power to change the laws. And big tobacco/big prison love to lobby for heavy drug laws. So you have a minority that pays well, and a majority that does little beyond blog about it, and this is what you get.
The War on Drugs generates too much revenue for them to abolish it. It generates too much attention from the right as well as the moderates of both parties and negatively impacts the younger generations in regards to voter rights (for felons specifically). You are too right here and the sooner the War on Drugs can be ended, the sooner the non-violent offenders can be pulled back into society. FFS at the end of the day some of the drug dealers in the world have obtained better entrepreneurial experience than college can offer. We could bring more business and taxable income to the country while greatly decreasing the prison overpopulation as well as cut off a massive amount of income that is misused by government entities. And that's all I have to say about that, except for Fuck Nixon and Reagan.
Yes and No Knock Warrants.  Why the hell can't we unite as a nation and say no more to this practice?
I'm just incensed that the cop got time for endangering the neighbors but not killing her.  How does that make sense?
I’ve been watching Cops on Pluto TV a lot and the major thing that I have noticed is that there is a ton of police time wasted on catching people that have a little baggy of weed or meth or cocaine. Let people make their own bad choices. The police should be out stopping real crime.
Her boyfriend was using the 2nd amendment for it's intended use. Real shame that they try to twist lawful action as a reason to kill someone and brand them criminals.
Her name was Breonna, with an O.
Complete with a no knock warrant. How are these legal?
Let's not forget that with just a little bit of homework before serving the warrant and the police would've learned the guy they were looking for was already in jail.
I do believe this is inherent in the defund* the police movement in that the police probably should not be the ones who deal with drug addiction issues.

*People see "defund" and for some reason read "abolish" and while there are some people who do call for full abolishment of the police, defunding the police is to free up money to spend on social workers or addiction treatment specialists to respond to our social ills rather than putting everything on the backs of the police force to deal with. 

The police does serve a purpose in society, but it's a *very* narrow purpose that we need to get back to them focusing on instead of silly things like drugs.
War on drugs and no knock warrants. Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t her boyfriend a legal gun owner? Because of the no knock the cops didn’t identify themselves and he defended his property. The fuck kinda twisted shit is that?
The people that blame it on here boyfriend for shooting her have no actual interest in preserving rights, they just want to preserve their beliefs. He did the right thing shooting at unknown intruders.
The people saying her boyfriend had his name on the warrant are either lying or repeating misinformation. Her EX boyfriend was on the warrant and was already arrested. And you know what? If a bunch of plain clothed cops barged into my house without announcing their presence, my first instinct would be to grab a weapon and fight back too.
Yes and also no knock warrants. Those are a clear constitutional violation.
The "war on drugs" lead _directly_ to the the [militarization of police](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOAOVbyfjA0) _and_ "for-profit prisons".
Drugs won already, some cops are like the Japanese soldiers still fighting the second world war in deserted islands in the 60s.
The War on Drugs = The War on Untaxed Products.
War on drugs is war. War is what makes all-powerful lobbies in the US go $$$. 

In other words, war on drugs exist to make some people richer and richer and that's why it won't go away.
[It has been said for a *LONG* time.](https://www.cnn.com/2016/03/23/politics/john-ehrlichman-richard-nixon-drug-war-blacks-hippie/index.html)

We know what it is, hence the "Defund The Police" chants, which is to [stop militarizing the Police against the same communities referenced above.](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/06/us/what-is-defund-police-trnd/index.html)
Some say her name was spelled Breonna.
Drugs in my community have ravaged it. My neighborhood of south Los Angeles is full of RV style campers. These people come from out of state due to the relaxed drug laws and warm weather. I’ve volunteered at many places and spoken to many of them.  My cousin has also fallen victim to heroin. He comes and goes only to shower every few days. We have stopped allowing him in. 

They don’t need help, they just want drugs. The side walks are littered with needles, feces, and meth pipes crime has shot up. 

There may be a war on drugs, but for me it feels hopeless seeing my community get worse. The little ones in my family are not allowed to go out, nor do they want to. 

I can’t afford to move out. I can’t afford to defund the police, they do what they are told from higher ups anyways. We need more officers, I can’t wait at a bus bench due to fear of being robbed. We need more police and higher police pay. Officers/ fired fighters emt in LA have explained to me how they get lice/ parasites from arresting people some taking it back home to their family. Ask our civil servants they will tell you. Yet, they continue to work. Drug addicts are victims, but so am I and my community. 

I must be honest if my neighbors sold drugs, and they had been next door, I would have reported them to the authorities. The more I read about Breanna, the more I understand what happen. She knew what was going on. She is a victim of her own actions, however we all are entitled to the opinion. I’ll link the grand jury decision if you think I’m completely wrong. 

Reference Venice beach, and DTLA skid row.
BIDEN & HARRIS plan to legalize marijuana!  VOTE Biden/Harris!
How is the war on drugs in Mexico going?
Bad news for Biden if him securing your vote means ending the brutality of the war on drugs. Or just war (you know like the 5 petrodollars regime change conflicts he helped prop up as VP), or coming up with a good environmental plan, or maybe pledging to improving access to healthcare, or how about job security? 

What is he offering except not being named Trump while being part of enacting, writing and championing similar policies throughout his 50 year career?
So again it s the fault of the State/  that is what people are protesting.
This is intrinsically tethered to Black Lives Matter.

When Nixon first started the war on drugs, his admin was clear that it was so that they could target 'hippies and blacks'.

If you are wondering why no one is talking about ending the war on drugs, you haven't been listening to Black Lives Matter.
He used her as a human shield. He himself said he heard them knockin “beating” the door. He also shot first which caused then to open fire.
I struggle to imagine a greater affront to justice than breaking into the house of a man who committed no violent crime and murdering a person adjacent to him because he brandished a weapon against an unidentified home invader.

Could you imagine being on the jury for a vigilante who killed an innocent bystander in their own home after breaking and entering? They'd get a life sentence for first degree murder. Yet we let the cops go free when they do this shit. This is not due process. This is vigilantism and murder. That's what the war on drugs has always been about.
Our leaders aim to use a large portion of our country as slaves. If they can't take their freedom for having drugs how else will they imprission so many people? It's never been about drugs, its about taking peoples freedom.
I don't think the war on drugs is the primary issue in this case, the fact that the police served a warrant in such a manner as to make a reasonable (and innocent) person think they had to use deadly force to defend themselves is the problem, even without a war on drugs the police will sometimes serve warrants and they need to do so in a way that doesn't lead to death if they get the wrong house
Everyone knows it's pointless.  The reason it continues to exist is in a large part because it's billions and billions of dollars in business.  Private prisons, equipment vendors, training organizations, and even the law enforcement unions themselves will continue to lobby against  the decriminalization of drugs.
*Some* say Breanna Taylor was unjustly killed? Who is saying she wasn't and why?
I fucking love this post omfg
Yes, it was bs. The whole thing was bs. They even had the wrong address too.
Yeah most substances, like cocaine and marijuana, should be allowed to be sold over the counter, as they are things that cannot hurt the handler and that only could hurt the user, if abused. Hard substances like fentanyl and other opioids for example should still be illegal, only because handlers can die from just touching it, let alone using it.
Legalize and tax. Sad part is crime would go down bcs there would be no need for the drug trade. Overnight you would cross off two or three of the biggest ten issues we have right now. Find a President with the balls to do that and you just found the next assignated president of the US.
It's an extension of jim crow laws and is keeping the radical right infected police departments  satiated on the dead black men quota.
I agree with you.
Drug abuse and addiction is a public health concern, not a criminal concern.
That's part of it but it isn't the whole enchilada. The overly jacked, hyper-militarized, white-supremacist infiltrated, army of low IQ numbskull, navy seal wannabes we call the police force play a HUGE part in the problem.
As long as we will let pharma companies ruin lives and communities with opioids for profit I don’t want to hear anyone else support “the war on drugs.”
I lean conservative on just a tad more issues than I lean liberal, but if Biden “promises” a solid stance on legalizing recreational cannabis on the Federal level, it will be enough to sway my vote.
Pretty much everyone is saying this.
[deleted]
Everyone on the left is already saying this, numbnuts.
I’m pretty liberal (and seeing this in popular), but I’m glad we agree on this. Fuck the war on drugs and anyone who’s ever supported it.
Because even when drugs aren't involved the police will still use excessive force with black people? It just happened the police were after her ex for his drug dealing, it just as easily could have been for any other crime.
When the CIA along with the NSA stops working with the cartels to sustain a highly lucrative business model.
I think it goes beyond race but of course the racial bias must not be ignored. Minorities receive bias of different degrees, as well as the poor and mentally challenged which don't have a voice or massive crowd to shout justice for them. It will all boil down to abuse of power. Cops should in no way have a reason to open fire on your property unless you open fire on them. But that situation shouldn't even be a scenario, no knock raids should not be a thing. They can find options to extract the suspects.
The best way to end the consensual relationship with drugs is to shoot and kill everyone involved. That’s justice....
My question is:

Why execute a search warrant at 3am??? Aren't you just asking for someone to get killed? Why couldn't they wait til the next morning when she's at work?
It's funny that the majority of all deaths in the war on drugs are committed by drug enforcement agencies. When comes to drinking that's okay even though there's more deaths attributed every year from that then all the drugs put together and usually all the victims are other people. Whereas drugs usually kill the person who uses them at home and never leaves the house let alone drive
Her name is Breonna Taylor.
Just had a discussion with a buddy about how the War on Drugs has led to so much suffering. From our bloated criminal justice system, to the overcrowded prisons, and the immigration issues at the border with Mexico being cause by the decimation of not just Mexico, but a lot of Latin American countries by the cartels bolstered by our criminalization of drugs. Throw in an opioid epidemic having gas poured on a fire by chinese pills crossing the border and we can wrap up a lot of suffering in a war started because prohibition ended and our government didn't want to get rid of the guys in charge of rounding up illegal alcohol.
  camera eyes see what physically happened but the ones who are on the screen could be wearing a Silicon disguised mask of a different human.3D measurement scanner reads your depth and head shape and clones you image for others to wear you .Black woman disguise in whitehouse fooled President Bush.She took notes  in oval office meeting who was a (white woman) secret agent, and pretending to be a (black woman) .Look up CIA undercover masks it's possible that we are all being tricked into visual effects causing riots and  race war tactics to start chaos with a uncertain future of police state takeover and constitutional blindsided  ..... Creating jobs for controlling populations and criminals in politics to steal tax dollars and smoke screens for a temporary grabbing at  emergency funds  all in all ends up in justice court lawsuits with rich gaining the upper hand on the legal system while poor struggle to feed family pay bills and fight the system that let it happen for control of system of a down . What is always going to be flooding courts with injustice outcrys .....who will be the winners = Lawyers and judges
The most dangerous thing about drugs is prohibition.
I said this exact same thing. It’s a tragedy that only perpetuates violence. For nothing. Nothing.
It pisses me off how much I agree with posts on this sub. Fuck you guys for being right all the time.
Everyone is saying this
Breonna
Thank you jesus so true. I’ve been saying this. I’m from Louisville my protest sign says every time END THE WAR ON DRUGS. It’s like people can’t see the forest for the trees.
That...and like, cops being undertrained and misguided.
Fentanyl should be illegal.
Beautiful to see this from the libertarian community

I’m a pretty cut and dry progressive but firmly believe in the legalization of all drugs. It’s great that we all have common ground
>Some say Breanna Taylor was unjustly killed by police...   
>  
>she is another needless casualty of the long midguided, violence based, 'War on Drugs'?

These mean the same to me. The war on drugs involves people being unjustly (beaten, arrested, or) killed by police. The war on drugs is the excuse cops use to use strong arm and lethal tactics against their victims. 

"I smelled marijuana in the car."

"We found an ounce of weed after I shot him to death."
Who are these "some" who say the boyfriend is to blame? I've never heard that one and it obviously falls apart on a moment's thought. Guess I'm just lucky to not have heard from such a stupid fucking moron yet.
[deleted]
The war on drugs won’t end because it’s political and profitable. 

Politicians can use it to suppress certain groups and bolster their image they’re tough on crime. 

It’s profitable. An addict liquidates their assets and the sellers of drugs spend it on goods outside their community unwittingly suppressing their tax base leading to smaller coffers for public services. The seller are then caught and their assets are liquidated to pay lawyers or lost to the state. Addicts and sellers are then used for cheap labor by corporations that pay for tough on crime laws. And all this is subsidized by the fear of the public for their need to stay safe. The reality is most people incarcerated are non-violent offenders. The offenders go on probation and spend all their assets to pay and be free and they can’t even vote to stop this abuse. And because areas are more economically depressed they have higher crime to subsidize themselves. 

To quote Morty, “that’s just slavery with extra steps.”
The rich people want the War on Drugs, it keeps their plantations full of desperate poor people and their prisons full of slave labor.

America is vastly inferior to our peer nations.
Frankly, what everyone should be talking about
Isn’t the obvious systematic racism? Why wasn’t anyone charged? But in the same instance with a black officer, the officer was fired and jailed
What a novel thought. Guy I some kinda brain trust.
So the first one then
For once, a libertarian post that's actually libertarian and not conservative. Two completely different ideologies
A lot of people have said that!
I never thought I'd agree with r/libertarian but here we are.
AMEN!
 
Can’t blame the BF for exercising his rights during a home invasion.
  
Hard to blame the cops for returning fire not knowing the situation and in the heat of the moment. It would have been wise to charge involuntary manslaughter and let it be argued in court, though. People will die and cities burn for this lack of consideration.
  
Easy to blame them for incompetence (for which they are paying millions of dollars)
  
And it all could have been avoided if full grown adults could decide for themselves which chemicals to ingest.
  
But, we Also KNOW FOR A FACT Nixon started the war on drugs as a war on black folks and hippies. Racist war=racist results.
To be fair, this is at least the third post on this sub saying as much
Welcome to the war on drugs, where if the drugs don't kill you the cops will
I mean, several months ago? People have been saying this forever. The fight against police brutality is coincident with the fight against the War on Drugs. At least to lefties, this is so obvious it doesn't even need to be stated. But everyone agrees. I'm pretty sure Tupac rapped about this exact connection in Changes.

EDIT: Maybe this was to aggressive. You are 100% correct in your observation, and it is critical we more actively seek to end the War on Drugs.
She is particularly relatable, since she was literally asleep when the government agents burst through her door.
[deleted]
I'll agree there's an ingredient in that part of the recipe of this, though it's not the main one.
The War on Drugs is a _context within which_ agents of the State kill us carte blanche. It is a HUGE problem, but the bigger problem it the State's monopoly on violence, exercised in _multiple_ contexts. Drugs are one of several societal issues we address with poorly trained force actors.
Darwin enforces just fine, but make narcan illegal.
The war is profitable to both the cartels and lawmakers.
The left has been saying this for 60 years boss
They will say it when you can spell.
Sending in armed officers without marking into a house where there are people was an exceedingly dangerous (and dumb) decision. Not only did it risk her life, but also her BF's, *and* the cops'. 

Is it worth it to risk all those lives just to find out if someone has drugs?
Have you been listening to any of the protesters? They've been saying that since the end of May. There's more than just "riots"

Also, *Breonna

Edit: sorry for the saltiness, I'm just fucking fed up with "libertarians" taking this goddamn long to start having realizations about who the actual tyrants are.   
But seriously. [This](https://i.imgur.com/CtqEK8m.jpg) is from an [article](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/06/03/no-knock-warrant-breonna-taylor-was-illegal/) published June 3. People know this. We've already realized this and a whole bunch more shit. Are you ready to listen to us?
Libright and libleft often disagree on much but this is absolutely something we can come together on. No more plainclothes officers, no more no knock warrants, no more war on drugs, no more lengthy prison sentences simply for possession, expunge the record entirely
Libertarians disagreeing with conservatives. What's next??
Thank you! 

This has sort of been on my mind and I never considered it until the term "War on Drugs" came from a libertarian subreddit and not the drudge of some "other" subreddits that prefer to ramp up the police force. 

If we at least decriminalize all drugs like what Portugal did, plus legalize some drugs like marijuana, mushrooms, or at least LSD, then crime and casualties would be greatly reduced and the law enforcement can focus on other things that don't involve stealing people's assets or money for any reason as well.
I would argue that the war on drugs is a means (excuse) to an end (the police state), rather than a militarized police force being the result of a domestic war.
It's a health crisis, and should never have been a law and order crisis. If the government wants to target large scale traffickers, that's one thing, but this war against United States citizens needs to end. This would also reduce prison levels, prosector/public defender burden, overcrowding in local jails, and cut spending by billions of dollars. 

If you go by the data and the expert opinions of healthcare professionals/researchers then this is an obvious conclusion.
Ok so I’m lib soc. This is 100% correct.
Socialist here. Even if we disagree on most things,  its nice to see that we atleast agree on one thing

Fuck the war on drugs
Not a libertarian but this is something I fully get behind and glad to see more people banding together about this!!!!!!
Her boyfriend who isnt charged with a crime is to blame? So the city of Louisville paid her family $12M because it wasn’t the police’a fault? Clearly the police has lost sight of their objective to protect the public. A no knock Raif in the middle of the night for money that could have been there? They found no money or drugs and killed an innocent front line emergency worker. How is the anybody but the police’s fault?
I believe New Jersey wanted for legalize marijuana like 4 years ago. It sounds like they want to push something through this November to legalize it because they need more tax revenue. Pretty much the same reason why prohibition ended- the state somehow needed more money so they legalized drinking again. Wouldn’t be surprised if this happens nationwide soon but then again, I would be
Yes ty. The war on drugs approach does not work, we know this for a fact. Rehabilitation and mental health services, even basic shit like free meals for kids prevents drug use. It’s just a way to enslave people for being poor, POC, or just having mental illness. WE KNOW THIS FOR A FACT. There have been endless studies and even just looking at other countries models it’s painfully obvious. So why, what possible excuse can people have??
The problem being in this case is the excessive force (which is the 30 something rounds blatantly fired into her apartment). They went there looking for Breanna's Ex who was not there obviously as she had moved on, and they supposedly broke the door down with no announcement of themselves (conflicting reports on this). Her boyfriend was a legal gun owning citizen who did what anyone else would in that position and shot at intruders in her home (this is where the announcement doesnt matter cuz why are these cops in plain clothes? The couples asleep they probably didnt here them announce themselves becauze typically they announce and then break in, and all they here is the door busted in and the boyfriend grabs his gun and sees three people in plain clothes. His reaction was 100% justified). Now where people hate what im gonna say, the cops shooting back makes full sense. Idc who you are or what youre doing if someone shoots at you and you are armed, its should not be a surprise to anyone that youre protecting yourself in that instance whether in the right or wrong for the entire situation. Where the cops royally fucked up was just blindly shooting. They were completely reckless in discharging their firearms which is what led to Breanna Taylor being killed. Imo all three of those officers should be charged with whatever that charge was for recklessly shooting into that apartment and start treating cops like everyone else and charge them w manslaughter because thats what it was. The problem is we are protecting cops who are doing wrong. Any cop properly doing his job no one has a problem with or is calling to be fired or arrested, but the ones who carry out a search warrant in the middle of the night in plain clothes, and just three of them and they kill someone? why the fuck are you backing them if you are the police union or the system. To get back to ops questions, yes In this certain happening she is indirectly a needless casualty but I think its more the problem of certain policing tactics and of course the few bad apples, its not even close to being all cops. The biggest problem today is that its all or nothing with the media and these radicalized people who seem to have the spotlight evermore so. Just remind yourself that they are a vocal minority and that no one normal likes whats going on rn, from the cops shooting unarmed innocent people no matter the race, to protesters looting businesses, burning buildings and shooting cops, NO ONE with a properly functioning brain is ok with any of it.
To all the boyfriend shot at cops and is the problem type people.

https://amp.courier-journal.com/amp/3552007001?__twitter_impression=true
Non-Libertarian but you all are spot on about this.  Heck, while the racial aspect of this case has been focused on, the War on Drugs in general is largely used as an excuse to go after minorities.
It's about fucking time I see some sense in the world.. thankful for being reddit proof that not every single person in this world is a one sided opinionated sociopath with no regard for human rights.
Alcohol is much worse than something like weed.  Alcohol makes people aggressive and violent - weed does the exact opposite.
I heard about her murder back when George Floyd was murdered,  I  didn't understand where the outrage for her was and I've tried to follow. I know we will never know the whole truth but I saw this article today. [https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/09/27/ballistics-report-breonna-taylor-boyfriend-kenneth-walker-shot-louisville-cop/3554995001/](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/09/27/ballistics-report-breonna-taylor-boyfriend-kenneth-walker-shot-louisville-cop/3554995001/) I know it's kind of off topic but I feel strongly about justice for her murder.
For awhile r/Libertarian was a group of reasonable white people complaining about the government. Well, it still is, but better.
We've been saying that but no one listens
I feel the system itself is to blame. We need to do away with no knock warrants.
You want it over? Vote out Republicans. Get them out any way you can. I don't like Democrats but as you can see there is a theme going on with states that legalize weed and push ro reduce/remove sentences for drug charges.

Republicans know that whole "law and order" bullshit is how they hold on to their base so they will never back down on their War on Drugs.
Cough Biden cough. I love how people think that the person who helped create the problem is gonna make it better.
This.
This is the point with BLM too.
Right, everyone loves stoking hatred for the police instead of the politicians who made the laws.... 

Go after the fucking politicians. The cops just enforce the laws they make. Everyone thinks their a badass for ACAB and screaming in people’s faces while their eating at a restaurant. 

Which is hilarious BLM wants police reform without actual reform... demonizing people trying to help like Rand Paul... yea we know what’s going on here.
Trump is calling for military occupation of American cities

Third amendment finally boutta get action
My libertarian jimmies sure are pretty rustled at this point.
We did it guys! Martial law!
[removed]
As a dem who creeps r/libertarian just want to commend r/libertarian for holding true to its principles and being against the attack on our rights. You guys rock.
>Step 1: Declare Antifa a terrorist organization

>Step 2: Label all protestors as Antifa without evidence or proof

>Step 3: Use the military to reign in and bring the "terrorists" to justice <-- you are here

>Step 4: Sentence the "terrorists" to a few years of prison

Congrats. You just successfully eliminated your political enemies while most the country watched and cheered it on.
Most protestors are nonviolent and they are getting caught up in the state’s aggressive actions. If you were down to defend Virginia from 2A violations we have to help our brothers and sisters here. This is a war on the people
I know this comment probably won’t be seen by many of y’all here, but I genuinely want to thank the vast majority of /r/Libertarian for your overwhelming denunciation of President Trump’s actions here.  

Once upon a time, I considered myself a fairly staunch libertarian, raised in a conservative family, but over the years, my perspective (and consequentially) my personal politics have changed quite a bit.

While I’m not of the opinion that every action President Trump takes is negative, I’ve just been utterly dumbfounded by the seemingly blind acceptance and celebration of what I perceive to be remarkably increasing authoritarian behavior throughout the administration.  I’ll frankly admit that I half-expected the response here to be akin to that of conservative subreddits and individuals I know in person.  I’m frankly overjoyed to see how wrong I was.

As a former (active duty) Army infantryman, I can’t imagine being deployed in such a manner against my fellow countrymen, and seeing so many Americans praising such an abuse of the U.S. military just utterly sickens me.

Anyway, thank y’all for your patriotism.  I truly needed to see kind of response from somewhere outside of more liberal and progressive media.
Everyone should read up on "the Bonus Army" if you ever had any doubts that the US military would actually take action against American citizens peacefully protesting their government.
The entire reason this started is because the State cannot stop their own agents from indiscriminately killing. And the system they're working in punishes "good cops" from reporting "bad cops". 

*Trump's solution? Send in the national guard and the military*.

He's an "ally of peaceful protesters"? Where the hell is he speaking out on the cops teargassing and running over peaceful protesters? 

If this doesn't help Conservatives and Trump supporters that this guy *is* the establishment and supports the police/surveillance state, nothing will.
I'm on the streets of DC right now. Peaceful protesters are getting shot at (edit: rubber bullets, sorry I didn't mean to sensationalize things) and teargassed. There weren't any rioters all day.
r/conservative all like *Tread on me harder, Daddy!*
We are not immune to what happened in Germany and Venezuela.
Maybe he should have admitted that the state's have failed to address police brutality and called an emergency meeting of Congress to pass new laws that charge police with federal crimes when they kill or shoot unarmed people and establish a taskforce and courthouse to carry them out.
And half this sub wants us to be talking about rioters and looters over state violence, because as we all know, rioters and looters are there 24/7/365 and have qualified immunity...
Remember those memes when Trump got elected about the steps towards a dictatorship? Calling the army on your citizens is pretty far towards the end point of that list.
This entire action is against the people who are actually protesting and not rioting. Impeding on our freedom is impeding on our rights! In Austin there are mass protests and evidence that police brutality STILL continues. Innocent protesters getting nearly killed, a kid was shot in the head by an APD sniper for standing! None of these actions are acceptable. You want to prevent riots and business from being burned? Arm the people. The government is really trying to push the button, especially from someone who’s only solution is to tweet and fight fire with moonshine.
One of the governors said on the call with trump that he was worried that the rhetoric from the white (edit: house) is inflammatory and making things worse and trumps response was "well i dont like your rhetoric about covid". An 8 year old is more mature than Trump
[removed]
The guy who openly praised every authoritarian he met is an authoritarian?
It's almost like people like me totally warned this would happen and were regarded as fools. No wait that's exactly what happened.
Whether or not Posse Comitatus still means something here is going to be the true test whether this place is truly libertarian or just proto-fascistic / far-right authoritarian instead.
This is how democracy dies. With thunderous applause
Donald Trump is the biggest, by far, threat to peace in this nation.
This is war on the people.
Alot of my left friends are surprised how much I am against the police brutality because they link being a fucking libertarian and an honest person as "right leaning". I call out bullshit on both sides but to them I'm a trump supporter lol shits rough but at least they see me in better light especially since ive been protesting while they have twitter fingers.
The gas that is being used is outlawed in international wars
National guard and police should undergo the same legal process as regular citizens when someone is injured or killed. If there is body/dash cam footage showing the officer acting to protect the safety of others then they wouldn't have anything to worry about in front of a jury. Police and the military are above the law and it is not okay
Martial Law. This is how democracies turn into dictatorships. Well his whole presidency is, really. This is going into the endgame.
[deleted]
Dang we finally violated the 3rd
"Most libertarian president ever" apologists. Where you at?
I'm a civil libertarian and not so much of a regular libertarian. I have had my issues with this sub before. I just want to say I am really relieved and respect you guys more seeing this. This shit is not okay, and I am glad that you guys are on the side of sanity and are sticking by your ideals. It is scary in America right now, I am glad we are sticking together.
Still so many boot lickers in this sub
The President refused to invoke the Defense Production Act to mobilize and save lives quickly against COVID-19. But he won't hesitate to invoke the 1807 Insurrection Act to deploy the military on American streets against protests.
This is really the culmination of the trend that was accelerated after 9/11. Libertarians have been saying this is where we were headed for years. 

Trump's a moron constantly throwing gas on the fire and leadership on both sides is failing.
[removed]
Don't the military actually have a code of ethics that they're held to? If we trade the police for the military, it'd probably be a lot more peaceful.
Some of y’all sound awful fucking authoritarian for being ina libertarian subreddit.
Please reassure my idea that citizens should own guns to defend themselves. If I see more videos of the military shooting into houses and balconies with no consequences I will lose most of my faith on the ownership of guns.
Fuck Trump and all his dumbass supporters. Every single one of them.
As a veteran I am deeply saddened by this. I do not want the military to be used as the police. All military members should resist orders to bring violence to civilians. We, as military members, took an oath to protect the constitution from enemies foreign and domestic. When the police attack citizens peacefully protesting, they are enemies of the state in my eyes.
Can you believe, some people are still going to vote for him in November *whatever the death toll is by then* simply because they don't like Biden and don't see another option?

If there were ever a time the United States *needed* a third-party president, it's now. The only way to put our people back together is to rip them out of the divisionist hands of Republicans and Democrats.

The Republican party has come out in favor of authoritarian despotism, and the Democratic party has condemned itself by putting forward, twice now, candidates that no one cares about and who are known to go against the values of the voters they're targetting.

Enough is enough. Don't be a fool, throw out two-party rule.
Liberals : I never thought I would die fighting side by side with a libertarian 

Libertarians: how about side by side with an American?
im about my wits end with everyone
Where are the people that claimed that Trump was the most Libertarian president ever? We did it guys! Martial Law
No pressure on you guys, but I think at some point you guys are gonna realize that leftists are probably the best allies you have in protecting civil rights and stopping authoritarians. We’ll of course have a bloody falling out when we have to decide whether private property matters, but let’s just be friends until then.
"wE nEEd gOvErNnEnT oR tHeRe woUlD bE cHAOS!"
Are conservatives loving this?
What's the plan guys?

Seriously.  We're watching you, our neighbours to the south. What is your plan?  Let him do this?  Go back to your.....whatever it is you go back to?  Watch his enablers cheer him on?
At least the National guard has rules for engagement. Better than commando cops
So I guess  this is how we get a boogaloo
[deleted]
>If the last and worst act of the whole regime had come immediately after the first and smallest, thousands, yes, millions would have been sufficiently shocked—if, let us say, the gassing of the Jews in ’43 had come immediately after the ‘German Firm’ stickers on the windows of non-Jewish shops in ’33. But of course this isn’t the way it happens. In between come all the hundreds of little steps, some of them imperceptible, each of them preparing you not to be shocked by the next. Step C is not so much worse than Step B, and, if you did not make a stand at Step B, why should you at Step C? And so on to Step D.

>And one day, too late, your principles, if you were ever sensible of them, all rush in upon you. The burden of self-deception has grown too heavy, and some minor incident, in my case my little boy, hardly more than a baby, saying ‘Jewish swine,’ collapses it all at once, and you see that everything, everything, has changed and changed completely under your nose. The world you live in—your nation, your people—is not the world you were born in at all. The forms are all there, all untouched, all reassuring, the houses, the shops, the jobs, the mealtimes, the visits, the concerts, the cinema, the holidays. But the spirit, which you never noticed because you made the lifelong mistake of identifying it with the forms, is changed. Now you live in a world of hate and fear, and the people who hate and fear do not even know it themselves; when everyone is transformed, no one is transformed. Now you live in a system which rules without responsibility even to God. The system itself could not have intended this in the beginning, but in order to sustain itself it was compelled to go all the way.” 

-Milton Sanford Mayer, They Thought They Were Free
Wow I like you guys way more than r/neoliberal.  -YangGang looking for a home
If I see one more dumbass fucking boot licker supporting Trump and claiming to be a libertarian, I'm going to fucking lose it.
We need to start talking about how the military needs to disobey orders in the event they're called on to crush protests. Make it part of the national conversation.
We don't need feds, every state has a militia (or two).  

This is also a set up.  Cops have been given stand down orders across the country.  Riot police alone could solve most of this.
Posse Commitatus Act. Passed 1878 by President Hayes

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1385

No president may deploy members of the Navy, Army or Airforce against civilians to enforce domestic law.
General William Devereaux:
The Army is a broad sword, not a scalpel. Trust me, senator - you do not want the Army in an American city.
My political believes are the opposite of libertarians - I used to believe that the a strong, rational government is the best way to ensure the safety and prosperity of a country by eliminating inefficiencies and allowing for good long term plans. I still believe this is valid - compare safety in Singapore vs the US.

&#x200B;

For the first time however, I can see the point Libertarians make. Too powerful of a national government is so incredibly dangerous if corruption sets in.
Dear Libertarian,

If we can agree on this, then I can’t wait till this is over and we get to go back to a place where we can argue like Americans again.

Love,

A Fully-Automated-Gay-Space-Commie
Rioting violates the NAP.
Because the best way to calm people down is to shoot them.
It's been wild to see liberals suddenly understanding/respecting 2A rights and neocons suddenly realizing they've been propagating an authoritarian regime at the same time. 

The looting is the only thing keeping the balance of power from shifting into gen pop hands. Folks have gotten a 2 year college degree in government spending between Rona virus issues and then getting mobbed by the most well kitted police forces in the world.
MAGA!  /s

Anyone else have Martial Law on your how bad could it get with Trump Bingo card?
