Bdubs baby is born!

this is how i know its been 9 months since minecon
I like how Mr.S bdubs looks less worn out/stressed than Bdubs in the pic :P Congrats to them both though, going to be great parents!
Ha! So epic! Best part: Bdubs looks like he just had the baby. Nicole looks like after a walk in the park, hehehe. Cannot wait for the whole story. Bdubs gonna be a great dad!
So when is Genny taking Skeletor to Bulgaria?
I can already see the baby saying "hells blazes!" Congratz Bdubs!
Ariana Castille DoubleO
I honestly think that Bdubs is going to be a great dad!
[**@MrsBdoubleO**](https://twitter.com/MrsBdoubleO):
>[2014-07-17 02:25:28 UTC](https://twitter.com/MrsBdoubleO/status/489596718640410624)

>Meet our little princess! Ariana CallisteðŸ’—ðŸ’žshe's so perfect [*pic.twitter.com*](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/BstlnvQCMAEJbOQ.jpg) [^[Imgur]](http://i.imgur.com/yCJjRdo.jpg)

----

[^[Mistake?]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Error%20Report&message=http://reddit.com/2ax2g6%0A%0APlease leave above link unaltered.)
[^[Suggestion]](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=TweetPoster&subject=Suggestion)
[^[FAQ]](http://np.reddit.com/r/TweetPoster/comments/13relk/)
[^[Code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster)
[^[Issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/TweetPoster/issues)

Must be a nice sub you have, with considerate people. I was happy to find the answers to my questions near the top, thanks to your post. Thanks for thinking of us r/all folks.
Enjoy the moment mate, I'm 9 months deep with my daughter, and i've loved every moment of it. You will be an expert in poo filled nappies before you know it XD
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5620444894482564 
 > This comment has been overwritten by [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) to protect this user&apos;s privacy.  The purpose of this script is to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. It also helps prevent mods from profiling and censoring.  

  > If you would like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension [TamperMonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo), or the Firefox extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) and click Install This Script on [the script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite) page.  Then to delete your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use [RES](http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com/)), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
quite the exotic name for the child of 'john'
Unfortunately they missed a golden opportunity. If they had named her Jennifer, then she would be Jenny B. Also going to be a joy of a time learning the alphabet with the initials ACB. 

But seriously, congratulations to them on being a fuller family!
Congrats Bdubs! Seems like only the other week you announced it!
Ariana, is that her name?
Bdubs is gonna have to do a lot for the baby. I guess you can say "Bdubs doin' the work, do-do-doin' the work"
Congratulations to both the proud parents!
Ariana!  I love that name. <3 Congrats to the pair of them!
Yay! SO EXCITED FOR THEM! Bdubs is going to be such a great dad! I'm so emotionally attached to this it's ridiculous. :') 
Congrats! Look at how tiny and adorable she is :3
Congrats Bdubs! Hopefully this means more videos on the BDoubleOlive channel!
Too bad the baby is being brought back to a house with an ugly cotton candy door; laughingstock of the neighborhood I tell you.  
  
Obviously kidding, I actually am a fan of the color of the door. I think it brightens up the porch.  
  
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lun8uijbVGE) for contex for our [/r/all](http://www.reddit.com/r/all) friends.
Congrats bdubs!!
Congrats to Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs! She is already beautiful and you are both going to be amazing parents!
**YES! YES! YES!**

So much **YES!**

Oh my God I feel so happy right now!

BDubs will probably not have a few videos anytime soon, but oh my God this is just amazing!
As a straight guy... BDubs is fucking hot. Jesus that woman is lucky, congrats on the baby tho!
Beautiful name! Congrats John and Nicole :) You'll do great!
[SKELETOR UP IN THIS MOTHERFUCKER](http://www.obviouswinner.com/storage/post-images/skeletor-billboard-up-motherfucker.jpg?__SQUARESPACE_CACHEVERSION=1290106008396)
The baby's name will be PdoubleO as that's what Bdubs will be looking at along with $1000s of Huggies over the next 2 years. 

congrats!
Mods this has to be an announcement!
Congrats! Skeletor is a lovely name. May she be happy with her new father, Generikb.
I want a special baby bdoubleO flair lol
Congratulations! She does look adorable, I hope you can all go home soon and take some time off to enjoy being a family together! :D
Saw this on r/Pics and thought of you!
http://i.imgur.com/U7qj5l8.jpg

But seriously, Congrats you guys.
Babies all look like potatoes to me.  No exception here.  I guess since it's a girl, Bdubs doesn't have to worry about the potato having a stick, though.  ;P
\#1 ALL time post on /r/mindcrack, holy shit!
Congrats, Bdubs! She was also born at the end of UHC17, coincidence? 
Bdubs is going to be an amazing dad.
Congrats Bdubs!
Looks like the beach ball worked! 
What better way to celebrate the beginning of a new Mindcrack season?
It's the minecon baby! (Get it? Remember?)
So happy for you guys.
Man, BDubs looks like a quintessential suburban Dad, it's really cool.
I kind of wish that BDubz still used reddit, so I could congratulate him (and he might see it).
Congrats to the BdoubleO family (should be tripleO now lol) and Bdubs remember spent all the time with her, we can wait for videos Nicole and the Baby come first.
But the real question is: what fruit is her size most like?
Congratulations Generik with your new baby!
congrats bdubs and family! <3 July has been a great month for Mindcrack!
Wow Congrats! Can't believe it's been 9 months already
This picture makes me so happy. 

It's amazing that someone I've never even met, and I watch just to laugh at him, can have that effect on someone. Honestly, my eyes glossed up a bit.
I think that's the first time I saw a /r/mindcrack post on /r/all before seeing it on my front page. no finer occasion that could have happened for, congrats to the family!
Awesome! Happy Birthday to baby Ariana "Skeletor" Calliste. You are super lucky to have an awesome family. 
I absolutely love the name! And I couldn't believe I found this on /r/all and not my front page! Congrats John and Nicole, you two will be great parents. :)
Congratulations Bdubs! I'm excited for you and your new addition to the family
Congrats Bdubs! He looks so happy! :D
Congrats Bdubs and Mrs.Bdubs!!!
Congratulations BdoubleO! You'll be the most kick-ass family ever!

Yay BabyDubs!
Adorable
Congratulations Bdubs!
Woo! 'Grats bdubs!
All congrats to the now-larger BdoubleO family!
WOOOOO!!!! Congratulations!
Congrats to John and Nicole, you two are going to be great parents! :)
Proud Papa!...Congratz, Life will never be the same from this day forward. Stay strong, fair, and consistent. I have no doubt that you will be nothing less than a great father. Now go get some sleep, while you can.
Congrats to the DoubleO family! 
If only there was some way I could give them the biggest damn congratulatory hugs in the world...

Congratulations Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs!
Grats <3
She's sooooo cute. Congrats Bdubs & Mrs Bdubs :D
Now BDubs is gonna talk about her more in each of his videos!
Grats!! She's a beaut!
They tried to time UHC with this, so Bdubs didn't have a gap of videos.

I think they missed the mark. Anyways, Congrats!
Congrats to *new* the BDoubleO family! Enjoy the first 2 years while the kids are adorable. lol
Awesome!
Grats m8
So freaking cute I am so happy for you guys ^_^
Huge congratulations! I'm so happy for you both. :)
Congrats to Bdubs and Mrs.Bdubs :)
Dayum..its seems like only yesterday it was the annoucment..i cant belive its been 9 months. Congrats bdubs,i hope you be a great and a proud father.
Aww, Congratulations Bdubs and Nicole! It's so amazing to think that I've been following this guy for 2 Â½ year and now he has a daughter. :)
gg
Remember, everyone, we already decided her Mindcrack name is Skeletor100.
WHAAT it feels like it was just 2 months ago that they announced the baby anyways congrats bdubs.
Congratz Bdubs

Congrats!
Oh my gosh :D congratulations!
Yay!Congratulations!
Congratulations!! What a beautiful name. Bdubs is going to be such a good dad!
Congrats! Best health to you all!
Adorable family!
Mr. and Mrs. Bdubs both look so happy!!! Congratulations!!
Mark my words, there won't be as much Bdubs vids out... xD
Congrats! :D
Congratulations, Bdubs! I wish you all the best, to you, your wife and your daughter! :)
Congratulations Bdubs!
Congrats! Ariana is lucky to have such amazing parents as bdubs and Nicole!
That is a loving fathers smile (and mothers smile) if I've ever seen one, Congratulations on the daugther Bdubs.
Super congratulations Mr & Mrs Bdubs, and welcome to BabyBOO :D
Mango habanero 
Congratz. That is one cute baby

Yay, now 7,046,594,495

woot?


Congrats Bdubs!!! ;)
Do your best Bdubs! I know you and your wife can be great parents for your girl!
Wow, time flew by since Bdubs annouced the pregnancy. Congrats!!
Yes! Congrats BDubs and family! You're gonna be a great dad, John.
Amazing!
Congrats Bdubs! You'll be a wonderful father.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!!
Super Happy Congratulations to all Three of You!
The name really sounds nice with their last name :) Congrats, Bdubs!
Congrats to both Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs. Going to make great parents and Bdubs is gonna' be an awesome dad.
congrats Bdubs, and don't worry so much you'll be a fine dad.
Congrats BdoubleO! or should I say, Btripleo? haha
She is going to be a great youtube commentator.
When is she joining the Mindcrack server? I expect some interesting commentary. (but seriously, congratulations)
This post is now battling with Generik's ''Why I roleplay'' post for most popular post in /r/mindcrack's history. 

Baby hype!
I'm sad that some people down voted. Even if you don't like bdubs (not me, but there are always haters) you shouldn't down vote something like this. This is a happy moment.

Also, Congrats bdubs! You'll be a great dad!
Congrats! so cute!
Awwwwww! So cuteâ¤ï¸ Congrats Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs
We need an Ariana flair!
Guess who's sharing her birthdays? This guy!!
Congrats to the bdubs family!
Wait really?
~~Ariana~~? I think you meant Skeletor. Jokes aside congrats Bdub family!
Who is this?
[We made it to the front page!](http://imgur.com/cm9xB79)
Very exciting! Also weird because I know a girl named Ariana Castillo, which is close.
Congratulations!
Congrats Bdubs! Don't sweat it, you seem like a great guy, and will make the best father little Ariana could have!
Yay! Congrats! :D


How many of the Mindcrackers have kids? I can only think of Guude, Aurey and Bdubs. 

Edit: Looking at the list of members, I forgot PSJ(Duh!), and I *think* Avidya has a kid, not sure. 
Is this the first minecon baby, no in all seriousness Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. BdoubleO you'll be great parents. ;)
I love the name Ariana! Congrats bdubs! She looks cute :)
Congrats to Mr and Mrs BDubs! Shes so beautiful. Youre going to be great parents.
Congrats and good health to the bdubs family :D!
Aww I love the name! Congrats Nicole and Bdubs!! You're going to make amazing parents! 
Bdubs your wife is very Photogenic :D

Congrats on da babby
Congratulations BdoubleO Family!
Congrats Bdubs!!!
Yay!
Oh so wait Skeletor will be the her middle name then I guess thats fine....
Congrats Bdubs, and Ms. Bdubs on the baby. :)

Congratulations!
Congrats!

Congrats!
Congratulations Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs!
Congrats Bdubs! 
I wonder how many pounds of gel Bdubs uses to spike up his hair?
Yay Bdubs and Nicole!
Congrats Bdubs! :D
Awwwwwwww ^.^ Congratulations!!! So freaking cute X3
Bdubs can now look at her and be like "I made that" 
I dub thee bbbdubs.
Congrats Bdubs!
Congrats to them both. I'm sure they will be awesome parents!

Awesome :D
She's so cute congrats bdubs

Congrats to the b-dub family!!
Congrats Bdubs and Mrs. Bdubs!
Congratulations!! Beautiful name as well.
Congrats BdoubleO100, i know your wife did all the work, but for you it is exhausting too, because you cannot do much and you are just as hyped up in those hours, with nothing to spend the energy on. 
Congrats!
Congratulations BDubs and Mrs BDubs! 
Ohmygosh the little cheeks.  She's adorable, congrats!
Congratulations Bdubs! You're going to be a great dad!
So cute, can't wait for the baby update video :) Bdubs will be such an awesome dad!
What a beautiful name, for a beautiful baby! (She's got the attractive genes from both her parents for sure.) Congrats Bdubs and Nicole!
Congrats, Bdubs!

Congrats Mr and Mrs Bdubs
Congratulations Bdubs and Nicole!!
Congratulations Bdubs and Nicole!!! :D
Eeeeh, congrats! :) She looks lovely, and you both look well, so I'm hoping it was an easy birth <3
Congratulation Mr and Mrs BdoubleO!
I just noticed, #34 on /r/all, kinda nifty.

Congrats you two, best of time to come.
Congrats Bdubs and Nicole! Such a beautiful name as well.
Congrats Bdubs! I hope she will be happy and healthy!
Ariana is such a beautiful name for such a beautiful baby, born to a beautiful mother and a handsome father! Congratulations guys, all the best for the future!
Dubs Bubs!! Congratulations, Nicole & Bdubsâ€”you'll be awesome parents! Now, after all that hard work, Bdubs, you look like you need some rest! ;)
Yay, Mrs. BDubs!  Hope Ariana is healthy and doesn't keep you guys up too much at night.
Achievement get! 
Congratulations to the happy parents! 
Wooo! BDubs!
YA it's my birthday to, so happy for them.
Congratulations you two! She's beautiful. 
Congratulations Bdubs! I wish you the best of luck with your new baby girl. :)
Congrats Bdubs! Hope you had some extra time to sleep these last months  'cause it's gonna be hard now :)
Little BabyDouble0
Grats Bdubs. Your a dad!
Oh my God she is gorgeous! Congratulations Bdubs and Mrs Bdubs as well of course! May the little princes be happy and healthy and bring you tons of joy!!!
Congrats :D now time to hand Skelitor over to Generik!
One day bdoublebaby will be the third in his family to join mindcrack! Congratulations! 
Hype has reached climax. Can we get a flair for just [Baby] now?
Congrats! Welcome baby BOO!
Congratulation to both of you =)
Many Congratulations to the Bdubs family! :D
Congratulations Bdubs and Nicole!
Feel like making a cross-youtuber-group-reference (if that's even a thing...) CONGRATULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATIONS!!
Welcome to the world, Skeletor!
Congratz!
Ahhhhhhhh, I'm so happy for them. She's gorgeous. 
Congratulations John and Nicole and baby (Arianna) Skeletor x
Congrats Bdubs!
she's so cute! congrats!
Congratulations Bdubs!
A huge congrats from my part to Nicole and Bdubs :D
Congrats bdubs! hope you enjoy your little bundle of joy :)
congrats to the baby! (hail the baby)
Congrats to the Bdubs family! She's so adorable. :)
Congrats!! :D Can't believe it's already been 9 months
I didn't realize how excited I was for her arrival until this very moment. She's beautiful, and I have no doubt you'll raise her to be strong and thoughtful individual. 
Congratulations Bdubs!
At times like this I wish Bdubs (and generikb for that matter) wouldn't have left the subreddit, just because this proves we aren't all bad guys..
I'm predicting that she will do great things because we share the same birthday haha 
Congrats!! :)
Congrats guys!
Congrats guys. Good to see your all well. A little stressed Bdubs?
Congrats! Ariana is such a pretty name too. I bet Mrs. Bdubs and Bdubs are going to be great parents ^ u ^
Congratulations to the both of you!! :D
Bdubs?
We're on the front page!
[deleted]
Wow, never expected this to show on reddit at 1:00 a.m!
Wow, two humans procreated. World keeps spinning.
[removed]
Is this real?
Why is this garbage on the front page, and why should I care?
[deleted]
Get the fuck out of here...how bout you make your own babies

I just discovered an Easter Egg. Type in the Konami Code, and a Guude will glide across the screen. (RES)
Up Up Down Down Left Right Left Right B A Enter

Note: Only works with RES
[For those who don't have RES and are wondering what it looks like.](http://imgur.com/ZE63JkF) He slides along the screen from top left to bottom right, though I wasn't able to capture a gif to show that :(
Well that took all of 30 minutes for someone to find.
all I'm seeing is the built-in RES easter egg: flying bacon
Lol that didn't take very long... I tried to sneak that in. Credit goes to /u/palpt :)
I knew saving this image would come in handy. I don't remember where or when it was first posted, but here it is.

http://i.imgur.com/svEcteO.png
Guude didn't glide across the screen for me.  It was [Thomas the Train.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/dc/Thomas_Tank_Engine_1.JPG)
[deleted]
All I get is bacon.

Edit: Apparently doesnt work on Firefox :(
Holy shit this got to at least 56 on /r/all. Front page win
I'm only getting bacon, even with subreddit style turning on. Any ideas?
Not working on RES 4.5.0.2 (Pale Moon)

Is working on RES 4.5.3 (Chrome)

possibly why other people are having problems.

Edit: the squaredcircle one is working in pale moon for me, so it could be something to do with this subreddits CSS.

Edit 2: It's working for me now, my guess would be that some cache needed to be cleared.
Holy crap that was amazing.
Is this part of RES or part of the subreddit CSS? Because it's bacon by default.
Just an FYI for the mods and everyone, i double checked and it remains bacon for all subs, even this one, in firefox.
Nice...automatically upvotes this post too.
I don't get the train, I just get something that spins from the top left to the top right.
Stupid question, but I just downloaded RES recently; do you type this just on the screen? Into a comment? In some special RES bar?

It also works with vogue UK
what's RES?
I got a Thomas the Train.
Usually it's a piece of bacon, props to the mods (Ruby apparently) for changing it!
What's RES? Where can I make this happen?
Sorry, I'm new, what is RES?
WHooaaaaaaaaa
Not seeing anything from here, just the RES easter egg popup.
I saw this #60 in /r/all!
Awesome.  Cool to see /r/mindcrack on /r/all :)
I got a Tomas the Train with Guude's face on it

What is RES?

[deleted]
Where exactly do i put this in?
I don't see it, my page just refreshes after I hit enter :(
What is Res anyways?
well uh, that was unexpected
I am currently on a Ipad so I cant do this. My internet is so rubbish at the time too, took almost 7 hours to update Minecraft on the Xbox 360. Why Cant I live somewhere like America where they have great internet, not in the more country side of the UK :(
Why I Roleplay
With today's recent posts about B-Team's roleplay-heavy videos, and seeing so many comments like "pandering to kids", "doing it for money", and "being fake"...I figured now would be a good time to explain a little bit more about me, my background, and why I do the things I do on my channel.



disclaimer: This is about me, not bdubs.  I won't speak on his behalf here.



As a child, Mister Rogers was my hero.  For those of you too young (or from another country?) to know who that is, he had a children's television show.  At the beginning of every episode he would come in, change sweaters and shoes...while singing "It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood".  He had the most calming, nicest voice imaginable.  And pretty much every episode he would talk to his friend Trolley (who was, as you can guess, a cable car trolley) who would then go through a little tunnel and into the land of Make Believe.



It was the most amazing thing ever when I was young.



My other childhood hero was/is my father.  He is a cowboy, a comedian, a zen master, and the greatest dad a kid could ever have.  He taught me how to be kind, loving, respectful...and gave me my sense of humor, patience, and self-worth.



I don't have kids myself.  My wife and I are 38 years old, and I love her more than any boy could ever love a girl.  But children unfortunately aren't in the cards for us.



But I like kids a lot, and when I started my youtube channel (well more accurately, when i realized people were actually watching my videos), I knew that I wanted to be as kid friendly as possible and as entertaining to kids as possible.  



I wanted to be Mister Rogers: an inspiring, friendly, educational, wholesome entertainer.  And I think on the whole I've stayed true to that goal.  Sure, there might be a swear word here and there during B-Team episodes...Call of Duty or Leisure Suit Larry for sure aren't meant for a 5 year old...but on the whole I'm pretty close to my goal.



Which brings us to the role playing...



Role playing isn't about being fake, it's about telling a story.  It's no different than watching some of your favorite TV shows (what, you thought Game of Thrones was a documentary?).  Minecraft specifically is a perfect platform for roleplaying too.  You can build your own sets, dress up your character, and do practically anything you want.  And the kids *love* it, which going back to the beginning of this post is exactly my goal.



But I also recognize that I have "adults" who watch me as well.  You don't watch Mister Rogers, and I wouldn't expect you to (unless you're high or something).  That's why only a percentage of my stuff is role play.  

 

Some of you in the other thread were complaining that there's too many "Wars" going on...but if you really look at it, the majority of my Mine Wars and Emerald Wars have been about building things.  



In Mine Wars, I built a unique minecart elevator, a power drill, an automatic sissybar and charcoal maker (the last two thanks to designs from my fans).  



On FTB during Emerald Wars, I built a very compact industrial TNT machine, showed you guys a ton of bee related stuff, and even went into detail of some lag inducing things we found that might help others with similar issues.




As a final thought, I want to share with you part of an email I recently got from the mother of a 5 year old that is a huge fan of mine:



"I homeschool my kids, and this year I made up a little geography curriculum for my son (who adores/is obsessed with you) called "Around the World with GenerikB". He loved it because I used your Minecraft skin on the worksheets I made up and it was about the-hermit-that-knows-nothing being thrust upon an unknown country and he doesn't know what to do. It was up to my son to teach Genny about the country he was in. It worked very well for us.



I am actually going to be doing something else this summer called "On the Road with lil Genny" - we are going on a couple long road trips and I will require him to take photos of a little stuffed GenerikB I made and create a photo journal with them, perhaps making a story with the pictures. I haven't completely flushed out this idea yet. I am hoping this keeps him occupied so I don't hear "Are we there yet?" every 30 seconds."



I'm a grown man, but that really moved me.  This would make my father very proud of me.  And as long as I keep getting feedback like that, I know that I'm on the right path.



I don't do it for money, but I'm thankful I can make this my full time career.



I don't do it to pander to kids (definition of pander is "To cater to the lower tastes and desires of others or exploit their weaknesses").  Mister Rogers didn't pander to me, he loved his job and he loved kids.  I'm no different.



And I'm not being fake or untrue to myself.  If you still think so after reading this, please unsubscribe from my channel and never watch my videos again.  I don't need or want you as a viewer.



TL;DR - nope, reading is FUNdamental

edit: if someone can tell me how to add spaces between my paragraphs for easier reading that would be swell.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Regardless of people's viewpoints on the subject, the fact that you've taken the time to write all that is much more than any of us can ever reasonably ask for, and is why the Mindcrack community is what it is.
Genny, I think i speak for everyone here when i say "Wow".

The fact that you even took the time to write all this out is truly unbelievable, and reinforces the fact that you guys are still some of the greatest guys ever, even though we may have our fallouts. 

Keep doing what you are doing, don't let your dream go just because a few people don't like it.

That email was very touching, and it even brought tears to my eyes as i read it, as i realized how influential you guys are to us fans.
Scripted or not, hearing Bdubs burst into "Praise the Lord" is one of my top moments in B-Team history. I've thoroughly enjoyed B-lazing Saddles and hope there is more in store.

Keep up the amazing work.
I decided against getting involved in the other thread but I really feel like I want to say something here. 

GenerikB has been one of the nicest guys I've ever had the fortune to "meet" & work with. From when we first started together on HermitCraft through to today he's always looked out for and looked after his fellow YouTubers. 

I realize that some of his content is not for everyone, well that's YouTube! Some of my content isn't for everyone, watch who you like :-)

To be able to provide entertainment for people, even for 20-30 minutes can mean a lot to you (as a YouTuber) and to them (as an appreciative viewer) and if that comes in the form of Role Playing, fun & hi-jinks then so be it.

Fun & Entertainment make the world go round, brighten our days, make us forget problems for a short while and lead us into worlds of make believe and japes. 

Keep it up Mr.B :-)
Thank you for this reply. I think many people will be glad you took the time to respond to the post and accepted the criticism kindly. 
I once made an ignorant comment back when BTC joined the server, and he and Nancy Drew created their roleplay story to reveal the new guy's indentity. I made some cute little comment about not liking the "Yogscasty" way they did it, and Guude ripped me a new one. I think both of us has grown since then and can look back and laugh, but after today's events, I want to make a belated apology. Having preferences or being a cynical critic is one thing; telling entertainers how they should cater to you is another. I just feel guilty for the times I put my personal enjoyment above theirs, when it should ideally be equal. And while I am personally not a fan of some of Yogscast's stuff, or some of Genny's, or WHOEVER, I now have a greater appreciation of what they do for their viewers. And when there is criticism, that they'll listen. (though not always respond how we'd expect, lol) Seriously, thank you, every single one of you.
Some people love watching B-team role play videos with multi-episode story arcs. That's fine.

Some people don't like scripted episodes, role play or multi-episode stories. That's also okay, they aren't paying to subscribe to a channel, and are under no obligation to watch.

Someone took to reddit to express *his own* opinions about LPers he was *and is still* a fan of.

Why everyone is making such a big deal out of this I've no idea. People have opinions about things and people that others don't. Who knew?

P.s. Good read, super interesting email too. Appreciate the calm & collected response.
Well said, brother! Anybody can play a game and add commentary but Role-play takes a special talent that many commentators don't have.

We have enough "normal" LP's anyway... time for some innovation. 
To be honest Genny I think you summed it up before when you explained the breakdown of your channel's material (with the small percentage being B-team stuff). It's awesome you've taken the time to feedback to the viewers and that's one of the reasons I love Mindcrack in general. It's not like TV where you watch it and you're totally disconnected from it, you're here, you read the comments and twitter etc. It sucks that people got all shirty on the other thread and I can see from the posts by /u/guardax after that he only meant to comment constructively. 

As a 24 year old male, in Medschool (thus I should be slightly grown up),  I can honestly say the B-Team sketches make me laugh and cheer me up. That's what I need after 4 hours of lectures, 2 hours of rounds and then another 8 hours or so of revision, I just wanna chill. You guys are perfect for that. The 'stupidity' and humour/ interaction between you two guys is perfect, it just cracks me up! The same goes out there to Bdubs, thank you guys, and keep up the good work :) <3
> My other childhood hero was/is my father. He is a cowboy, a comedian, a zen master, and the greatest dad a kid could ever have. He taught me how to be kind, loving, respectful...and gave me my sense of humor, patience, and self-worth.

Dangit man, Avidya is your dad?! I'm jealous now.
You're a good guy
I personally enjoy roleplaying videos to an extent, I would like if you guys weren't very scripted it would make it a lot more enjoyable to watch IMO. Where you guys create your own story as you go along? I'm not sure. That's what I'd love to see than just a script and competitions because that's what it only seems to be for me. I might be making myself look stupid now, but oh well :P

I'm not sure if B-Team mafia and such were scripted but I really, really enjoyed your commentary in that the myaahhh and such always made me laugh. You guys didn't seem so stuck into one story and one goal. It was really enjoyable to watch because it was something different now it only seems to be scripted. But from the other thread they didn't want you to **stop roleplaying**, they wanted it **not to be as scripted** as it is right now.

But thank you very, very much for doing a personal reply to the thread and taking your time doing it, it was very interesting to read from where this roleplaying of yours started.
I might be representing the minority when I say this but I'll throw in my two cents. I am one of the younger viewers. My parents and I prefer that I don't expose myself to strong language or mature jokes. I'm hope I'm not coming across unappreciative but in videos with mature content (e.g. numerous RTC episodes) could you include a warning at the beginning of the video. Again, I appreciate the child friendly content, and this is just a suggestion, I'm not trying to be demanding or mean to video producers.
Aw man, you shouldn't have needed to do this, Generik.  Just keep bein' awesome.  You aren't specifically pandering to kids, the roleplay stuff just appeals to people with active imaginations.  That group just happens to include kids, but let's be honest with ourselves...this subreddit is a bunch of kids at heart.  We're all watching grown men play the computer game version of legos.

It honestly annoys me that people are up in arms about the emerald wars being "scripted".  I think scripted is a hilariously exaggerated term for "predetermined", but at the end of the day it was all in good fun.  If people were watching the emerald wars solely because they wanted to see a specific member of the b-team drink a nasty cocktail, they're watching for the wrong reasons.  You guys are richer than everybody on the server other than Guude at this point with all the emeralds/iridium produced as a result of emerald wars, and you did it in a way that didn't dilute the entertainment factor.  That's tough to achieve.

Good on ya, Genny.
You know what?  I am 44 and I am loving the roll playing. It is a bit like a kids' show. But why is that bad? It's fun, clever, creative and actually has a setting. It's a hell of a lot better than most of the stuff on TV these days, certainly more humorous. You can tell that Genny and B'dubs are having a ball making these, and people who can do their job and have that much fun are some of the luckiest people on earth. The fact that they can have a blast, make people laugh along with them and actually have a positive effect on children's (and adults') lives is something to be envied and admired. my work is a long slog of going over old documents; it gets dull, it gets heavy, it gets overwhelming. To be able to take a 25 minute break and watch the antics of Genny and B'Dubs is a godsend to me sometimes, I can relax and laugh like a kid again. Thank You G and all the guys in Mindcrack, thank you for making my life that much easier and bringing back fond memories of carefree laughter.
My kids and I love what you do. It shows them that you can never be too old to play and pretend to be something, or somebody that you are not. Do not stop being who you are! And, man, if I was your dad, I would be very proud. I hope that when my kids get older that they will help to change peoples lives which I am sure they will, no matter what their career choice is. You sir, are a good role model!
Generik, I cannot thank you enough for taking so much time to do this. That was one of the most heartfelt things I have ever read that a Mindcracker has posted. My already massive respect for you doubled with this post. I'd like to throw this post in the face of people accusing you of being a sell-out. I'm not that into roleplaying, and maybe wish there was a little less of it, but I also respected you and BOO for doing it. It's something different on the server and as 500 comments later can tell petty controversial. You are one of the best YouTubers out there, and that post made me look at things from a different light. If you read the good posts on that thread, it's that we really love you guys. Me and some of the others were motivated to do that really, because we were looking out for you and BOO. That's a weird thing to say, but we didn't want you guys to lose your charm and we're scared about it. In the end, some people disagree, but you guys are making entertainment we can watch for free. It's such a great blessing that I have such great content from you and all the Mindcrackers. I've not always agreed with you Generik, but what I've never lost is my respect for you. And after this post have waaaay more respect than before, and that's saying something. You are a *great* YouTuber, and don't let the accusations get you down. I wished I had never posted that thread, and dead to rights hope you aren't angry at me. Because you are great YouTuber and you should be proud of the content you make. I am very happy to have you in the community. So, Genny, <3
Big ups for writing this all out. I myself may not enjoy the role play heavy moments, but I love those moments where something happens that is unexpected. Regardless, after reading this I have a newfound respect for those RP moments. Also, at the end of the day, you're still one of my favorite youtubers out there right now, so I'll be watching still!
I'm a guy, and I honestly shed a tear, keep doing what you're doing, Rogers Mk2.0! 
Make your videos the way you want to. As long as you're enjoying it, you'll be happy and making good content, and that's what's important.
that's pretty dang cool. awesome story. though I think you missed the point of the post. 'Constructive criticism' was the keyword. nobody said you should stop the 'role playing', people just gave their opinion and that's that. of course you had the casual trolls, which you for some reason included in the first paragraph of your post, but nobody really asked to stop the role playing. 

that's why I'm getting a little frustrated with what Bdubs is posting on his twitter. I bet he only read the title and then immediately labeled everyone in that thread as a hater. 

Anyway, glad you took the time to write this, but please understand the reasoning for the post. 
Genny, I really don't have any words. I'm very touched that you took the time out of your day to respond like this, even when some people were starting to take the criticism right strait into complaining territory. I've always liked your channel since the day I saw your crazy hermit self kill Guude on the Mindcrack server, but today I feel like I appreciate it even more.

I mean that email you got? Hit's one right in the feels, and goes a long way to reminding us of some of the more important things.

I'm still going to have an issue with competitions that seem rigged, it's the main reason I am not a wresting fan to be honest, but you can bet your behind that I'll keep watching your videos every time I see them in my sub box.

Have a good day man.
GenerikB, this was fucking beautiful.
Wat?

Generik is 38? He looks like he's 25!
Generik, I love you. This set the record straight on multiple levels in a way that was not offensive or attacking and gave reasons for every point you brought up.

I'm 21 and personally have no problem with "scripted" stuff - in fact, a lot of the B-Team Wars content has been some of my favourite, by setting an end-goal for yourself and all your viewers and producing little side-projects along the way. I learnt so much from the bees during Emerald Wars and watching you and Bdubs design your mines is really entertaining.

I'm starting to get tired of the people who moan incessantly about how the content they're watching doesn't whet their palate, like it isn't individually catered for them or something - it drives me almost as mad as 4000 people suggesting 4000 different things for Bdubs to do on SimCity - you're not going to get your way just because you're contributing so don't expect a personalised episode for yourself, y'know?

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to write this and demonstrate how you put your fans first.  
I'm trying to figure out what mindcrack is based on this thread alone and I feel like I'm failing miserably. 
GennyB,

I have followed your channel for a long long time now. I'm an 230 pound big-ass fit fisherman and nothing makes me happier than sitting down in the weekends with my niece and watch your videos.

Your style has changed, I remember a little vulgarity in your early days ;) But this isn't a bad thing. I still love watching your videos, even on my own and can't believe how great the chemistry is between you and Bdubs. Its just the best feel-good television for me at the moment haha.

Anyway, since I started typing, let me just type out everything I wanted to say and been dabbling to even make posts about ;)

I freakin' love how you respond to every piece of fan-art that is posted here. I love how long you been able to combine Mindcrack and Hermitcraft, although I miss the Joli texture pack stometimes still.

Although I have never met you, you are one of those people I wish nothing but the best and would love to have a drink with.


I have no idea what I'm trying to say actually and I might have had a little bit to drink....


Keep on doing what you do and please do what makes you happy. Your joyfullness(?) is what makes your videos one of the best there are :)

The best to you and your family, especially to Nana! <3


Love you genny. :) 

As for Bdub's comment, could he have handled it better? Absolutely.

Did he deserve hate for it? Absolutely not. 

Think about it. This gets brought up nearly every thread that has any mention of the B-Team. Both he and Genny (and Guude when OOG gets involved) have explained many times on reddit and on video their thoughts, but people still say things over and over. I've seen people say that he hates Guude now, and other ridiculous things like that. It has to get frustrating, hell even I get frustrated seeing them again and again. I've never known someone who tries harder to please everyone, yet people seem to think he owes them. This is a job for him, think about how scary that must be, when your income relies on something could end in a month. He's stressed. It happens to us all. Give the dude a break and enjoy his content. If you can't, don't watch. Don't try and make him put out content just for you, that only adds to the stress. 


Damn, that was long. Sorry. 

**TL;DR**: give Bdubs a break, the guy is stressed and tired of seeing the same things said over and over, some of them ludicrous claims.
Are you aware that this is on the first page of /r/all? Probably the first Mindcrack post to ever make it that high. 
Genny, we love you and your humble, hermit ways. Please don't change.
Generikb, i think even when we criticize we must be careful and polite. I think most of most important thing is having YOU guys fun. On the other way it would make no sense. I did make a couple comments about the post but i tried to be respectful because no matter what you have done, good or bad (i think good), you have put hard work on it. And thank you for this detailed explainasion from your view. Keep on hard work buddy! <3
Thanks for everything you have done for us, GennyB. You are a great inspiration to many people :,)
You didn't need to do this, but thanks anyway. You are a good person :)
Hey Genny, not to go into the matter "children unfortunately aren't in the cards for us" too deeply (for it is none of my business), but have you considered adopting a kid?
First of all best TL;DR ever. I don't even know why somebody invented that.

You summed up what I think characterizes the B-Team and your channel perfectly. You are a really family friendly entertainer. Most of your videos are aimed at or watched most by children. I think a lot of people here on the Reddits are older (me inclusive) and this separates the subreddit from the average audience. Edit: Additional thought: A lot of people here are probably Mindcrack fans for a longer time than the average viewer. Some people are very nostalgic and something new like the roleplaying B-Team stuff on the Mindcrack server feels weird. I don't exclude myself.

My thought was you were doing the roleplay stuff, because you are bored by "normal" Vanilla Minecraft. You don't want to loose the huge audience that seems to only watch Minecraft and therefore you are trying to spice your Mindcrack series a little up to make it more fun for you and the viewers.

Seems like I was a wrong.

Will I watch you more because of your post? Probably not, it seems you try to reach a younger audience (at least with some of your series). But I am perfectly fine with this and it says nothing about the quality of your content.

To defend this small other thread: Most people, who posted there and criticized you (I am one of them) were trying to improve your content, because they care. No reasonable person really thought your videos are fake, you just do it for the Ca$h Money or tried to spread hate, because they don't like your videos.

Your post shows that you are a really great person. It explains a lot to me that I already thought and also some things I didn't realise until now. Thank you for taking the time to write this. Please keep being awesome and make a lot of great videos in the future. Don't forget your older audience, even if they are not the average audience. Do what you have fun with, that defines Mindcrack for me.

<3
This Is why I love you Genny. I mean I'm not exactly a 5 year old kid but your commentary and videos are really special to me. I can always guarantee on feeling better after watching one of your videos after a hard day at school. Love ya man!
Well...that was really sweet. :)

Calm, clear, measured and professional. Nice work, Mr generikb.

~~~~~~~~~~

As to the actual content, I can only speak for myself as far the role-playing stuff is concerned. I returned to watching BdoubleO just a few days ago after watching the whole of the horse livestream - I loved the 'cowboy' role-playing in that, it was funny and in keeping with the job at hand, but still had a strong flavour of your own personalities. I enjoy it more - and this may be an adult vs child thing - when the role-play is less structured and more improvised. I'm working my way through the more recent Mindcrack episodes, so we'll see whether I enjoy the rest... :)
Thank you for this, Genny. I learnt a lot about you. Keep it up and I'll keep watching.

- a 24 year old kid.
I'm in the same boat as you Genny. I'm 37 and my fiance is 40, and neither of us have kids, even though we would have loved to have been parents. Much of my childhood included playing "Pretend" even though a lot of it was non-standard: I always wanted to be a scientist and a lot of my make believe as a kid revolved around being that scientist. I am lucky enough to have made that dream reality, and it is a big reason why I do outreach such as modding /r/Askscience and my love of teaching. There are a lot of folks out there like us and people don't always get it. When I play Minecraft I am always making my little science labs and still playing pretend even though it is solo.

This just cements in my mind how I've always felt about the LPers, Mindcrack more than most, you guys have a special gift to really touch people's lives and that's why you do it. I hope that in the future people will remember these words, or remind people of this post, for a reality check when they decide an LP is "doing it wrong." 

I honestly don't know very many people who laugh like you guys do. It is really amazing to witness. It seems that weekly, something makes you laugh to the point of not being able to do anything else. Anyone who cannot appreciate how you two enjoy each other is really missing the point. They're seeing what most people will never experience, two people so in sync that one word can cause laughter for the next half hour. I have never enjoyed anything as much as Race to Commander because of the fun you guys had. Watching other people play CoD just pales in comparison. It's magic how you two can make most anything fun. 
You know, Genny? You're a nice person.
Right this is going to be tough. (god damn you dyslexia)

I don't think that the problem from earlier was role playing or why you do what you do, more a case of how it is done. 

How much structure is the to the wars' role play? Is every B-team Video role play? 

As a fan I love your interactions but I feel a bit miffed when the air of the video feels like a bad play. I think the needs to be natural stuff just goals and means not whole scripts. I think half the problem is the audience at large not understanding the context and meaning of the videos. (just look at the whole Pause hates Etho think. Same thing IMO) Do you need to be more up front like PSJ who labels his videos. I don't think so, but some where lines have crossed and the audience aren't on the same page (vocal audience) just give them a poke and let them know its all in good fun.

I'm kind of struggling to get my view/point across but in short keep up the good work.
I'm sorry to see that children aren't in the cards for you Genny, you'd make a wonderful father. I was never in the age group (or country) for Mister Rogers, but I think the care he had is clear in his [talk to Congress](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q). I'm also not in the agegroup for a lot of your content and I will admit that I find some of the b-team stuff grating- but I don't watch it and that's my way of dealing with that. I love the entusiasm you show, especially for bees, given that my computer refuses to run minecraft well, let alone all the FTB stuff.  
End of the day, if you love doing what you do, keep doing it. The posts can question your morals all you want, and if you continue to answer the questions as eloquently as you have, they shan't be questioned very often.
Even if you do do it just for money, I would be okay with it. You are extremely entertaining, which is my benefit, so in return you deserve something big, too. But the best part is, you do this strictly for our entertainment and only view the money as a bonus, which is truly amazing.

As for the scripted thing, people like watching those big wrestling events, but every single thing there is scripted.

Just wanted to say this. :)
I never doubted you would do it for the money, I actually really enjoy the roleplay lements although iÂ´m 15 years old...
You're an awesome dude, Genny! I wish I had your wits and people skills, so I can bag me a fine lady like you've got ;)
Thank you for taking the time to write this. I can tell you are a great guy with a good heart, and I never questioned that. The fact that you took the time to explain yourself for the people that might not have understood where you were coming from proves that.
Wow Genny you are trully amazing, i never looked at you this way. You are a good and an entrataing person, i want to thank you for entrataining me aswell. You are on the right path Genny, you completely touched my hearth with this post. 

Keep making videos and keep being entrataining! Also you can visit that 5 year old kid thats a fan of yours :)
 Don't ever change. As a fan of watching live Dungeons and Dragons sessions, I totally love your videos. 


Hope that thread didn't get you or bdubs down too much :(

I'm not a big fan of the RP, but i'll quite happily watch leisure suit larry until the cows come home ;)

RP or not, you've still got a fan here.


Thank you Generik for actually caring for us fans and responding! I appreciate you writing this as well to clear things up! <3
A true inspirational hero! These are the things why I love you Genny, and these are the reasons why I will always stand up for you. What a guy, talks to his fans, works around the clock to bring them content, and doing his best to be an inspiration to all, and an inspiration you are indeed! 
Never stop being you. :D 
wow. 


Also, I love your "RP" because it is different from everything else. It is different from the generic build build blow up think talk build kill. You have these amazing challenges etc. 

I wanted to comment it to the other thread, but everybody there were against the RP. 
A tear fell from my eye ;( Keep doing what you do Genny!!!!!
I must be a kid at heart, because there is not much content you put out that I don't hesitate to watch. If it wasn't for your and Bdubs silliness I don't think I would have made it through this past semester in college. So, thanks and please continue what you do. 
You have very obviously had a very long think about this issue and I'm glad you stick to your guns. 

I've always enjoyed the majority of your videos & find that the B-Team Roleplay stuff, like B'Lazing Saddles, if I am the mood to snicker at hidden dirty jokes and laugh along with the silly-ness, are some of the best MC LPs in the world. I also love your academy stuff (you taught me redstone) so please don't stop doing things like those series (loving the Bee one at the moment).

Always stay true to yourself & your vision - this is your happy hermit ride and I, for one, am happy to have a ticket.
I gotta say even as a 26 year old adult I love your role play stuff. Naysayers be damned!

I crack up at your little quirks and southern sayings (I'm guessing you got them from your dad). Saying 'son of a biscuit eater' is infinitely more hilarious to me than just saying 'son of a bitch'.
I'm 23 and the RP stuff you and bdubs do are my favourite videos to watch on YouTube. It may not be for everyone but it certainly isn't only enjoyed by kids. Keep up the good work gennyb!
I would like to add a little something, in the hopes that it won't get buried in the hundred of other comments, but even if it does I'd like to say it. First off, I want to thank you, Genny, for everything that you do, including taking the time to write this post. It really is amazing that this is a medium where the fans can talk directly to the entertainers and discuss what they think about the videos. I'm not subscribed to you, but I do watch most of your FTB videos (the Beecademy is awesome!), and always love seeing you co-op with other people.

As for what I wanted to say: I think the reason many people are complaining (or maybe just bringing up the topic, complaining is a bit too strong a word) about the whole B-Team thing is that a lot of them are long time Bdubs fans, who aren't too happy with the direction his channel is taking as has been taking for the last few months.

I'm not saying this has something to do directly with you; of course, Bdubs is free to do whatever he wants with his channel and his videos, but some of his fans aren't too happy with things. Many of us watch(ed) his videos because of his down-to-earth style and his shenanigans with Guude. As time went on, that changed. He became more kid friendly, if you will, and the B-Team and the roleplaying series only added to that. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against RPing and making family friendly videos. I don't usually enjoy those as much, but if other people like them then I can't really say anything.

The issue many people have with the roleplaying is that it took away that trademark BdoubleO style, where he would talk to you like he was a friend just discussing life, or where he would get extremely drunk with Guude and insult random ethnic groups while failing at a Super Hostile map, or where he would spend an episode building a cool house without a "Hell's blazes" and a "Get a []-job" every five minutes. Don't get me wrong, he's still one of the best there are, but his style have changed, and a lot of people think that the B-Team had something to do with that. If you guys like doing what you do then by all means do it; all I'm saying is I think the issue some people (like me) have with this whole thing has more to do with Bdubs than with you.

Anyway, I've rambled on quite a bit. Just my two cents.
Anyone with any questions as to whether or not Mr. Rogers is a valid role model or not, or whether GennyB is right to emulate the Mr. Rogers style of entertainment in his videos, you should see this video where [Mr. Rogers testifies at the 1969 Senate Hearing on the future of PBS](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q).

I think minecraft in general, as a sandbox game, really becomes a lot richer when you are able to create theme, backstory and a role for yourself in whatever you're doing.

The way you do it is the best!
Um, as a roleplayer, I'd like to say that your videos are pretty freaking hilarious.  I love and enjoy them.  I don't really get why everyone is getting their knickers in a twist, and yes, I've read the other thread in its entirety. 

Its your channel, you do what you want to keep it fun and enjoyable for you.  The fact that you got the choice to make it your career isn't something that -anyone- should be bashing on.  Especially since most of us are just plain jealous of that fact.  

Keep doing what you do GenerikB and BDubs.  We'll still be here to watch you, laugh with you and have fun enjoying the content that you produce for us.
I'm an adult and I enjoy the roleplay and non roleplay videos.  It's fun seeing content being acted out(especially when it goes wrong).

Keep up the good work. :)  

[deleted]
I think viewers sometimes forget that their is a difference between television and someone's channel. I mean, every critique is valid but I think viewers and commenters forget that you, Bdubs, and everyone else is just the same kind of person, there is no writing staff or meetings for B-Team stuff. When people make topics about the B-Team they think they are being constructive, but ultimately that's not how it feels because it's about you and that is hard to take, and shouldn't have to be took.

But- In that regard, I feel like every time this happens you and Bdubs just look for something to latch onto to deflect it and just assume victim status. That's 100% fine, but it doesn't solve anything and really probably causes both you more grief than anything.

There doesn't have to be a compromise, it's your channels, You make the content. But I guess I just wonder why it always has to come down to "You are wrong, Here is why, shut up and go away." Instead of "Yeah you are right, The RPing can get a bit kiddy and obvious at times, but at the same time it can also lead to great moments, and ultimately I can't always please everyone."

Because really, While people love to complain, I don't think they think they are doing it to hurt your feelings, and that's something I think youtubers need to keep in mind. (And that for every vocal complaint you might have 100 silent fans).
This is inspiring, and amazing. However, let me make my point here. You said : "You don't watch Mister Rogers, and I wouldn't expect you to. That's why only a percentage of my stuff is role play." Yes, only a percentage of stuff. But that percentage is huge for those who prefer only to watch minecraft and maybe even only vanilla. What I would simply desire is a series to know which ones would be RP or not. You wouldn't expect to find Mister Rogers when you tuned it to hear the news. Even if the news are conveyed in Mister Rogers style. It's not what you expected and not what you came for. Even though personally I don't watch much of PSJ's stuff, he is extremely child friendly. I can watch his family survival and know that I would find what it says on the tin. A family playing minecraft. Or I could watch his silly role-play and I know I would get what I asked. A silly role-play. But with your series, it started off as another source of genuine, un-scripted entertainment. 
 
I'm not saying you should stop RPing. If you enjoy it and your younger fanbase does, by all means please go on. Just leave some of your mindcrack for us maturer folk.  I'd like to see you do some redstone not because of a competition against Bdubs. I'd like to see you work on bees because you enjoy it, which I'm sure you do. But at this rate me and maybe others are getting confused on what you do because you feel like it or what you do because it's in some script. Impromptu ideas are still arguably the best ones. Are right now it's a bit of shortage on that in your mindcrack. A shortage of the feeling "yes, I know this guy is genuine, I can trust him". The ending to emerald wars was so painfully scripted it mentally hurt and shattered my trust in the B-Team a bit. I understand you put up a show for various reasons. But not all of us want to see that show.
Keep on keepin' on (and Bdubs as well).  As I said in the other thread I don't enjoy the roleplay stuff to quite the same level as otherwise, but fuck -- do what makes you happy.
GenerikB YOU are a great man and truey very inspirational anyone that has something against what you do should stop complaining and just not watch because frankly I love to watch your adventures...I truly believe that you are turning into Mister Rogers (from your description of him I'm too young to know my self) and I just wanted to say thank you and I'm very grateful I feel like I am a part of your builds and your ingenuity, I wish you, your wife, your cat and your fans the best :) please never stop doing what your doing and dont listen to those that bring you down because when you really look at it their just jealous of how great of a person you are :)
 So glad you took the time to write out a response, I personally enjoy the videos but I can understand why some people would want some sort of reason as to why you do what you do. Keep up the great work <3. 
You are one of my favorite YouTubers, not just minecrafters. I watch most of your videos and I'm sorry for all the hate you've been getting today. I just wanted to say that you are one of the most entertaining people on youtube and I really enjoy our videos, role play or not, and I think you and Bdubs make a great team, but I do miss your solo vanilla mindcrack stuff too.
Genny, thank you for writing this up.

I've never had any issue what-so-ever with anything you do in your videos (as a fellow LPer and Mister Rogers fan, I understand completely) and truthfully, often times, it can seem like people are "faking it". 

There's a huge gulf between role-playing and kind of molding that role around your own natural personality and pretending to be something you're not. Most big-name LPers may do some of the former, perhaps, but few to none do the latter because they get found out really quickly.

And let's face it; we all do embellish and exaggerate ourselves sometimes, not just in playing games. 

Do what you do. As you said, if folks want to unsub because "OMG UR NOT LEGIT" then that is their loss, not yours. Keep up the fun coming and remember that folks of all ages enjoy your work in Minecraft, Prison Architect, Leisure Suit Larry, Blops 2, and so on. :)
I could always pick up whenever Genny and Bdubs were "role playing" but hey I didn't mind at all, it was fun to see how everything was going to play out at the end and its funny the way that they play (or act) it out. I don't mind that somethings are a little bit "scripted" here or there, its always a pleasure to watch Genny's videos and ill always support him and Bdubs! Great job you guys keep up the good work!
I have watched a few of your videos here and there but will now be subscribing. It's great to know your able to do something you've always wanted to do and be supported so well along the way. Keep up the good work.
Thank you for writing this. It's always interesting to know a little more about the persons that are behind the videos.

Keep up the good work! :)
I'm really happy that you wrote this out. I was honestly very on the fence with the whole so called issue. I never believed that either of you were doing it 'just for the money', but there is no denying that the tone of your videos have changed.

Good, I say. Roleplaying or not, there is no denying that you are being genuine in what you do. I am a big fan of your Don't Starve series as well as the inventions and scenarios you put together in Minecraft. And you know what? I'm not even a kid, I'm a 20 year old person.

All in all, thank you for doing what you do - and thank you for writing this up and clarifying to all of us why you do it.
Thank you for this Genny, you handled this whole thign really well, as you do with most situations. :)
I don't really understand how anyone could perceive what you've been doing as pandering. Even with the cowboy shit on the vanilla server it is still pretty obvious you're just having fun with one of your closest friends. It's pretty obvious you just have a bubbly personality and it is super enjoyable to watch it. 

Fuck those guys who think you're being condescending. Keep doing what you're doing.
Right. It's done. Now can we all just be friends and watch some UHC?
Thanks so much for taking the time to write all that, Genny, to respond in such a grownup and articulate manner. 

I don't think anyone has a problem with you "roleplaying a character" (I personally love the whole crazy hermit in Minecraft schtick, and I'm an avid RPer in several other games) so much as the scripted nature of some of the B-team videos. You guys are SO FUNNY and genuine when you're being spontaneous, that it makes it seem a little off-balance when you're constrained by scripting. I hope that made some sense.

Regardless, thank you again SO MUCH for being mature and respectful enough to respond like this. Whether or not people agree with you, we really appreciate you taking the time to do this. <3
That's amazing.

Still. The whole catfood eating thing. You were roleplaying that too... right? ^^Right? 
I'm 27 years old and I love the roleplay. I think it's ironic that your name is generik, because you're anything but. One can only watch so many generic playthroughs of a game, but with the B-Team it's always fresh. Keep the hermit rollin.
I love Generik more and more every time he becomes honest like this (or being true to his character would be a better way of putting to it, I guess).  

After reading this, I don't think anything else could make me love him more.  Generik is just an all-around genuinely good person.

His positive influence rubs off on all of his viewers, old or young.  I wish I knew how to put my gratitude and respect for him into words.

Genny, you are the best type of person, please never change.  
Well *of course* Minecraft LPers are going to aim some or all content towards a family audience, Minecraft is a family-orientated game. Thats why, for instance, Minecon was full of families.
There is no shame in knowing your audience and tailoring your content to them. Its probably more difficult than going down the 'screaming man-baby' direction of LPing.
It doesnt matter what people do as longer as its well-done and entertaining, I'll sure as hell watch it.
You sir, are why so many of these webshows and lets plays are tops ad better than what's on TV now.  Wouldn't change that for anything.
tl;dr: The role play is a facade behind good intentions

I think the reason you do this is great, and now I feel pretty guilty for seeing it so one-sidedly 
I'm a teacher at primary school level (5-11 years old). It's really obvious to me that you'd be great with kids - your mannerisms, your sense of humour and your lack of fear of being just plain silly all contribute tremendously. 

Teachers have to script almost everything beforehand but still have to try and make the lesson fun and engaging. Within that there's always going to be moments that you don't plan for that catch you off guard, but you roll with it and make it "part of the action" as it were. 

The reason that I compare my job to your own is that if you don't prepare your lessons (or in your case, videos) in advance, then it's just not going to work out. You've gone a step further than most in your preparation for the videos and it really shows. I don't think many people understand how difficult it is to keep things fresh and interesting.

You're in an industry where standing out is important and if you want to stand out by being Mr Rogers then I'd say you've more than earned the right to wear a knitted sweater during your livestreams. I may be a teacher but you're one of the people I use as inspiration for phrases to say, noises to make or ways to act with my kids and they love it.

Keep it up, Genny.
I'm really happy that you mentioned all of this. I love the B-Team stories in the recent minecraft videos, such as the new B-lazing Saddles series. I loved Mister Rodgers as a child, and I do see him in you and your videos. I hope people understand that you are just having fun online making videos for people who enjoy them and of course yourself, this doesn't have to be anymore than that. 
I've gotta say Genny, I'm 17, I suppose maybe a bit older than your "Target audience", but I absolutely love the way you do your shows and roleplay.  Myself I play D&D, and theatre(I act and tech).  I couldn't find a more perfect entertainer than one who is willing to put on the mask to allow people to have fun.  The fact you went the bee route so quickly really grabbed my attention and forced me to dust off my Biology textbook for a catch up on good ol mendel.  FTB is a huge favorite of mine, and I hope you never stop being such a fantastic role player and enterntainer
Generik, I want to sincerely thank you for taking time out of your day to produce this. To put it simply: <3
I don't know about appealing to kids, because I'm older than Bdubs and I love your sense of humour. I've also played a ton of pen and paper roleplaying games in my day, and I know that it doesn't replace the character of the player, it brings it out in new and creative ways. You're doing all right by me ya old coot!
"It's a lovely day in the neighborhood..." You'll always be welcome in my neighborhood GenerikB!
I think your father would be proud of what you've achieved, Genny. Not only in your appeal to kids, but in your appeal to your older audience, too.

When I watch your videos, I don't feel like I'm sitting down to watch someone on Youtube play video games and talk for a while, I feel like I'm spending time with a good friend. You treat the viewers with respect, and rarely "talk down" to them. You don't act like "I'm gonna do this, and you're gonna watch", you act like "We're gonna do this together" and I really like that. It feels very personal, and it makes the things you say far more relatable to me as a viewer.

You're a role model, an entertainer, and a friend to thousands, all rolled into one neat little Hermit-shaped package. Keep doing what you're doing, Genny, because what you're doing is great.
Genny, im a younger fan of yours and i personally love your videos, your humour, and overall attitude, you're 100% accomplishing making videos with a young to "old" target audience. I upvoted the other post because of the fact that well... The competitions were a bit too many but with an explanation of how it helps inspire you to create more things in the game and work on systems more its sort of redeemed itself, except for the punishments in the end. I find that the punishments... well honestly i don't know the problem with them it's just i feel that instead of punishments a reward from the loser would be better. Also I wasn't involved in the other thread because i completely thought that you really weren't making scripted videos, all you're doing is setting out the base of what an episode will be like most you-tubers say, "okay today im gonna work on this and this" and thats the episode. they planned it out for the base and let the commentary go where it goes, like you. So overall <3 you Genny, great videos as always, keep going :D
You were one of the first mindcrackers I subscribed to and for good reason. I don't care if what you do could be considered ridiculous. You're awesome Genny B. :D
Genny,
I'm 30.  I get a lot of the references you throw out and I love the LSL series.  Brings back memories.

I watch you because you are Mr. Rogers, but for adults.  When I see one of your videos I go "yay!  Time to be a kid again."  All worries are gone and I can just submerse myself in the story line.  From gangsters to cowboys.  Your chemistry with bdubs is amazing and genuine.  Even if the story line is out there, when you two get together it's gold.  I wish I had a friend like that.

Reminds me of when I was a kid and my friends and I would play pretend.  As you get older you just lose that.

Also because of you I have found others like Biffa and other hermits.  And ElyBeatmaker.  Freeking genius.  Also because of you I've picked up both Don't Starve and Prison Architect. 

I've come to care about you and your family.  Watching every video to get a tidbit of info.  (I'm glad your kitty is ok and I love hearing that fluff ball meow.  I wish I could remember the video you told her to "shut your fluffy pie hole and I hope your MIL is doing ok)  

Anyway, F those people that say negative things, because for every negative comment there are at least 20-30 people who LOVE and enjoy your videos.  We may not say so all the time but I do my part and leave a like and down vote those comments on youtube.  Keep doing what you are doing. 
Amazing Post Genny!
I felt a bit alienated with some of the later bteam stuff but itâ€™s nice to see story progression and thought put into it. There is also plenty of other stuff to watch.

Bdouble0 had every right to respond the way he did as well. Why? Because everybodyâ€™s opinion does not need to be vindicated 100 percent of the time.  Just because you have more access to these guys thoughts does not give you the right  to direct answers to your own view of how they are producing content. And itâ€™s cute how it got under so many peoples skin.

It comes down to the â€œ I like your old stuff better than your new stuffâ€ argument. You think of any band you follow when they get past their first album, their second is more produced they started getting money and pressure. Some bands stick to what they know, some bands streamline what they are doing and some bands try something creatively different so they donâ€™t get bored.

These guys are producing content every day, they are in the spotlight every day. They are dealing with shitty comments every day. If creating stories is motivating them to keep producing content that they like then more power to them.

A lot of the arguments are that they are becoming more like the Yogscast, and as a balance to that, from my perspective a lot of the fans are becoming like Yogscast fans. More demanding, more aggressively critical. Demanding responses and apologies is not making it any better for anyone.
Check yourself before you wreck yourself.

All I can really say about this has already been shared by others in this post. I love the stuff you guys do, both as a team and solo. Scripted or non-scripted, it's still great! Did I cringe a bit when Genny started counting seeds in the middle of the final spurt of Emerald Wars? Yes, that would be the one instance of the top of my head where I really felt it took away from the episode... as I by then knew that GennyB had already won and it felt a bit forced. But in general even their recent stuff like B-lazin' saddles is genuinely funny and enjoyable with great moments of hilarity and wit. 

I can agree that the most fun stuff in their videos are the unexpected, unscripted stuff. "Any problems?" is a great example. The problem with unexpected stuff though is that it is, well, unexpected as in, you can't expect it to happen all the time, if you could then it wouldn't be unexpected anymore. To me the scripted stuff is a great frame for letting the unexpected happen. Sometimes it does, and hilarity ensue, sometimes it doesn't and we still get a great episode filled with heartfelt humor and character by two of the greatest comedians I know. 

People complain that the B-team act out characters and aren't themselves in their videos together, but to me it's only natural that they do. With the amount of content they produce and the time it can take to set up a video I can understand that the "funnybone" might be a little strained, and to have a "script" to frame the episode with is a great way of making sure they produce solid content. It's not all "scripted" and "acting out" though. Many times the real GenerikB and BdoubleO shine through, especially when the unexpected happens as I wrote above. So we still get, in my opinion, a lot of pure GennyB & Bdubs moments, and the fact that there's a frame that they follow just makes the unexpected even more powerful and hilarious.

Watching the B-team is like eating a great choco chip muffin. You might not get that sweet choco chip with every bite, but you enjoy the flavor and taste of the muffin all the same.
I kept my silence in this whole argument because I was in the middle, I wasn't getting annoyed and was having a good time eventhough sometimes it felt a little fake. 

I think one of the reasons this happened was the fear of you guys becoming sth like yoggscast where very high pitch voices are a custom.

But with this post genny, you got my massive respect, giving this much time to clear things out and telling everything by heart, not everyone could do that and i really appreciate it.
Thank you genny for  all your attention :)
lol you're cute :)
It's funny. I'm 20 years old and I'm going to college. When I get home and see a new B-Team episode was released, I get excited. It's not just for the kids, anybody can enjoy your humor. And same goes for all the MindCrackers.
Just don't forget about your adult followers. A occasional cocktail tuesday (with alcohol of course) couldn't hurt. And also I want to point out that this is the way you answer to a community discussion. Not the way bdubs did. I still love him though :)
I just want to say as a minecrafter and father I love your videos. My daughters and I can watch and be worry free (most of the time) that the content will be kid friendly and good natured. I'm almost certain that the majority of people complaining that your videos aren't grown up enough are kids still eager to be considered adults and adults that have forgotten that being an adult does not mean you have to abandon your inner child. Have fun making your videos and people like you and I will continue to enjoy them. That's the most important thing really. 
I for one love the role-playing between you and BDubs it is very funny, and when random stuff happens along the way it makes it even better. Just keep doing what you love, if you enjoy it i will aswell.
There are always going to be people who will like your content and some people who don't. Don't let those people get to you. It doesn't matter what you post, I'm sure you're an inspiration to everyone. Keep doing what you do, Genny.
We love you Genny, keep up the good work. Your entertaining and fun to watch and you make people happy. 
I bet the kids are learning a lot from your Leisure suit Larry series, I surely am. ;)

You don't need to explain yourself but thank you for taking the time to do so, and for reading (/not immediately dismissing) the feedback given to you earlier. You're a good guy, and if you happen to get the most views doing things you want to and enjoy doing, then you're deservedly lucky.

Also, I really like how, at the time of writing, none of the comments on here showing appreciation and respect for you are from people with generik/b-team flairs. I'm sure it says something... what it says, i don't know, but its something!
Personally, I never minded this. I think the B-Team roleplay is awesome. People seem to be retarded sometimes and think that you just do this to trick people into thinking you're someone else. Really, it's cheesy roleplay. That's what makes you great Genny! 
Don't change a thing GennyB.  You are who you are.  Be true to yourself, and everything else will fall into place.  
.  
.  
Is it possible to separate paragraphs in Reddit?  Maybe the old period trick?  Like this:  
.  
.  
A double space at the end of the paragraph, on the next line, a period with a double space, and the same on each line you want to be "blank"?  It's an old trick I have used, since I do not know exactly how/if paragraphs can be separated either.

Genny, I love your solo stuff.  And I *totally* support your choice to do what ever you want including role-playing. And even though it's not my cup of tea, more viewers with the B-team stuff just means you have more freedom to create more stuff I could like.
 
And you are always funny, some times unintentionally:

>seeing so many comments like "pandering to kids",

>an email I recently got from the mother of a 5 year old that is a huge fan of mine

Love 'ya Genny :)

Wow, I really want to thank you for giving such a personal reply. That was very touching. 
Wow, that was a nice read about you GennyB it really shows that you're doing what you love and putting your heart into it.
I never watched "Mister Rogers" (from a country that doesn't show it) however I did watch other shows and now that I think about the shows I watched it really gives a feeling of inspiration from my younger self and you to be a better person.
However I think the reason so many people got upset in not because of the role playing or how it's "fake" but more about the reactions to the constructive criticism as hating, I don't really think it is hating on either of you but more of a way for fans to talk to you and understand.
Keep making great videos like you always do :)
I have always loved and will always keep on loving your videos! Keep it up!
That was a fantastic post.  On the subject of Mr. Rodgers, I can say that he was both a great human being and a bit of a badass (See his testimony in front of Congress).  Generik, on a personal level, I grew bored of the B-Team stuff a few months ago (don't hit that downvote button yet, I'm not done); however, recently I've started enjoying the B-Team stuff again.  Sure, I'm an adult (insomuch as I will be 21 in less than a month), but that doesn't mean I can't enjoy you and B-Dubs creating a fun little story line for us.  TL;DR  Keep on keeping on Generik.
I applaud you GennyB. Before this post I was all set out on that the B team were way too overly scripted and however much I enjoyed watching them, this annoyed me. I was afraid, like others, you would go like the yogscast, with an overly large fan base of 12 year old kids, just in for the money grabbin' ride.

However. It seems I was so wrong about all of this and seeing this post, shows me that your take on the roleplay, how much you want to do for kids, and how much just every thing means to you, well. It's just touched my heart.

I will go on watching your channel and enjoying your content and I wish you the best in the future.
Double tap space.
I started to tear up after reading about the message from the mother, That was the COOLEST and SWEETEST thing I had read in a long time.

Also if you were going to become Dad, you would be the coolest Dad that any kid would ever have.

If i ever see you at a convention, I will give you a big hug :)


Respect to you for addressing this!
Well said, Genny. Much respect for standing up for yourself.
I watch your videos for your personality and the obvious enjoyment you get out of playing. I don't think you would have the same enjoyment if you were faking it or pandering to fans, and the quality of your videos would reflect that. Thank you for taking the time to acknowledge and respond to some very harsh criticism. I have tons of love and respect for you, GennyB!
I am an adult and I love roleplaying. I don't get why some people find it stupid. I myself love roleplaying and the ones you and Bdubs do get my always laughing. Do what you like the best!
You're good people, Genny.
Tiny drops of liquid are coming out of my eyes... why is this happening to me?
Hey Genny, thank you so much for this.  I am not a huge fan of all of the roleplay stuff, however, and because of this, have unsubscribed.  However, I go to your channel often to check out some videos.  You are a really good entertainer, and a great person.  I'm just not really in your target audience anymore.  And there is no shame in that.  You are doing awesomely, and don't forget that.  Keep doing what you do.  If, however, you did want to get the teenaged viewer back, maybe, not call all of your series' "wars".  I think that even though the Emerald Wars and Mine Wars had a lot of genuine GenerikB material, I was turned off a bit because of the over-arching theme and end goal.  But, either way, keep doing what you want, and have a great time doing it! DFTBA!
this literally brought a tear too my eye
The two things I love most about GenerikB is that   
1. he really loves his fans and you can tell this in the way he presents, and   
2.that he does what he wants, none of that catering to what people want. This ironically, makes me want to watch his videos even more.
You're the man GennyB! Keep doing what you love brother.
I'll always love you, genny. Your funny, clever, witty and all around perfect. You and Bdubs are pretty much my heroes. Coming from a 13 yr old boy, keep doin' what yer doin'.

N'yeahh
Whether you read this or not Genny, know that you have people who will always support you, laugh with you, and be hermits with you :) Keep doin what you enjoy whether that will change today, tomorrow, or 10 years from now
*sniff sniff* 

R.I.P. Mr. Rogers. 

And thank you, GennyB c:
Anyone else cry/tear up?
GB, Live strong brother!
Btw, [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kl8Ax-58eTY) might make you laugh:) First 3 min are very funny! 
Love,
Simimax
N'awh brought a little tear to my eye
Can I just say that this is most beautiful thing I've read on Reddit in the short time I've been here.  
Upvoted it after the first paragraph.

Read it and scrolled to the top to upvote it again. Doh!

Love the TL;DR btw.
Love most of your videos, and I think you do a great job. Keep it up forever and ever and I'll keep watching and having a great time!
I am actually crying.  Good job, Generik.  Thank you so much for your videos - you always bring a smile to my face.
Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me, neighbor. The thing I remember best about successful people I've met all through the years is their obvious delight in what they're doing and it seems to have very little to do with worldly success. They just love what they're doing, and they love it in front of others. It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff. I hope you're proud of yourself for the times you've said "yes," when all it meant was extra work for you and was seemingly helpful only to someone else.
<3 :')
This is why I love Mindcrack. Thank you Genny B. You put a huge smile on my face this evening.
Genny I was moved by your heartfelt words, and as someone who feels the same about his father, I feel like I can relate (and I'm sure many others do as well). I'm not from the US so I'm not familiar with Mr. Rogers, but nonetheless (from similar tv shows) understand why you would admire him. You chose a very admirable and noble path, and I would say that you are achieving the aims you mentioned above. Moreover, I've never felt that your channel was in any way for children only, or targeted specifically at them. I'm genuinely pleased that in Bdubs you've found, well, a partner in crime, and I hope that you both continue to put out content for a long time. (Hopefully long enough for me to have children and watch your shows with them. (: ) - a 23 year old fan. 
All I can say is just keep doing what you are doing Generik, I love most of the content (I really only watch your Minecraft stuff) I am not a big gamer, so I don't really watch much of the other content. But I do love the way that you and Bdubs bounce off one another. Whether it is scripted or not I find it fun to watch and really enjoy it. You would make a great dad and you are a great role model, that email from that mother shows that to be true. 
Being true to oneself is the best way to go. 
Thank you for such a great response. We need more role models in our current world that responds tactfully to criticism and accusations.
Honestly. I think people get on mindcrack for being good people. If your dream is to be a basketball player and you think your doing great at try outs and you didn't make the team but somebody who did came up to you and said you sucked at try outs. How bad would you feel. The truth is pretty bad. On the Internet it's very easy to hide emotions. So in replying to this you say you wouldn't really care.... I think you would. Saying the mind crackers do this for money is a really crazy thing to say to guys that entertain US do this for US. Myself I think "you know they do get paid" But so does any other entertainer in the world. Miley Cyrus Adam Stanler. They get paid. So what makes them different. What makes them so much more different than somebody like Guude or GenerikB! All I say is if they entertain us and make us laugh. That's all that matters. Genny thank you for the videos you post and all the laughs you give me. Keep it up no matter what anybody says. -Guosh 
people have likely already said it, but Mr Rogers was amazing and for being a student of his, you have come so far and are such an amazing person. Don't stop doing what you do, EVER. I expect you to be making youtube videos even after you've died (not really, thats just silly!) and making people laugh and be entertained for a long time. Thank you, Generikb, for being AWESOME!
This really moved me, Generik. About those times with Mr Rogers; just made me pretty nostalgic.
Generik - I have to say, I'm a grown man and I thoroughly enjoy all of your content, whether it is Free Fraps, Mindcrack, Leisure Suit Larry, Race to Commander or otherwise. Don't fret about the comments claiming that you're pandering to children; you're doing fine just the way you are. :)
Even though I'm kinda sad that you decided to target a big part of your videos to children I do respect you for your decision and even more so for the great way you explain it. I'll see you in your Larry videos :3
Hey Genny,

Thanks for the post! That was fantastic. :-)


I reddit-stalked you juuuust a little bit, and it looks like you've been having to do a lot of defending from the haters recently. And I hate that for you, man. So I just wanted to let you know that I LOVE your videos with Bdubs. It's such a wonderful chemistry, and I just enjoy it because it's two friends having a great time playing games together.


I really like your other videos as well. You put out a lot of great content! Thanks for doing what you do! :-)
I'm subscribed to you, Genny, but I generally don't watch many of your videos.

Time for a change. Keep doing what you love man.
Being a funny derp is an artform in itself, and you do it better than most.  
So don't worry Genny, we love you <3
<3 We love ya Genny.  And to those who don't respect you for who you are and what you do... well then they aren't worth their weight in salt.  ;)  I am 30 years old and love the role playing stuff.  Keep up the awesomeness.
i dont understand the whole, "money-whore" thing. These youtubers, and mindcrackers alike make QUALITY ENTERTAINMENT that we ENJOY so why is it a problem if they earn money for it? not to mention, we dont pay them, they take nothing from us literally, there is no reason anyone should say something negatively regarding them earning money
As recent subscriber I just want to say keep up the good work Genny!
I think it's really awesome that you're doing what you're doing. As anyone who's had to make some big decisions in their life knows, it takes a lot of courage to realize a dream, and not everybody is willing to do what it takes to do so. But I'm glad that you're becoming the person you want to be, I'm sure that you, and your channel, are the better for it.
Clearly you have a lot of love from your fans, GenerikB. We love you just as you are. One of the best things you have going for your channel is your variety. Keep up the great work and enjoy everything you do. If you are enjoying what you are doing it comes through and we enjoy it along with you. Thank you for being an entertainer for us folks and letting us into your life (at least virtually). Fan 4 life!
And hell, another thing while I'm at it, when I do eventually have kids, do you know what I'm going to do OTHER THAN bring them up on other than NES, SNES, and other classic consoles?

I'm going to Bring them up on videos like yours and BdoubleO's, even if you have long since stopped by then.
Generikb.  I just want to say that you have been such a massive inspiration to me over the past couple of months, I don't think you will realize how much you've impacted me (and probably thousands of others as well).  I'm in high school currently, a huge nerd, and have no girlfriend.  That is not "cool", per-say, and it is quite hard at times to not just give up what I love and start doing normal teenager things.  Watching your videos has helped me to realize on a daily basis that it is not about how far you can get, or how much money you can make; it's about doing what you love.  You are the only consistently happy person in my life, and that is huge. 99% of human beings live unhappy lives.  I think so many people end up with an [average](http://www.lampitosgames.com/blog/pictures/average.jpg) life because they were made to by others.  You make me not want to be average.  You help me to remember to be a crazy minecraft geek because that's what I think is cool.  You entertain me until my sides hurt, and at the same time, are there at the end of every hard day.  I do not care what all these crazy people say about you, you are doing it right man!  Don't stop that, ever.  So from the bottom of my heart, thanks gennyb, just for making all those derpy videos
I don't know if it's because I'm reading this at 5am, or what, but damn that moved me man.

So I'm sat here on my laptop, tears trickling down my face and a perfect smile across my lips. You may not have always been my upmost favourite mindcracker, but you certainly command my highest respect for what you do and why you do it.

Love to you, Genny, and love to the Hermit character and all it stands for. <3
As a 29 year old I like being able to come home after a long day of work to watch some videos from the mindcrack guys. I don't mind the slight structure that Genny and BOO have, if anything it makes it like watching TV shows. 

The email you shared in your response was so touching and totally something I'd do if I had kids. :) Keep doing what you do. 
After months of lurking the reddit, I decided this was a perfect time to make an account and just thank Genny for endless hours of entertainment. Keep doing what you're doing. You're making many people happy :]
I was put off channels like Yogscast because of heavy scripting, and though I'm not a regular viewer of you, genny, i've been watching mindcrack since the beginning of S2. 
I myself have also played RP games and servers (to long extents) and I think it's great that it exists, it's really fun and much more entertaining. 
People getting hate for roleplay because it's *fake* is ridiculous. **It is simply another way of playing a game which many people find particularly enjoyable.** 

Keep it up, gb. We are here for you.
chapeau! and please adopt me-I'm 35y :D
New to the reddit, but this is the second post I read?  Wow.  

Genny, you and BDubs are awesome, roleplaying or not.  I watch all i can.  (Oh and I'm older than you...)
I watched Mr.Rogers as a kid and now I watch you as a man, To me it does not matter if you curse or if you dont what matters to me is how fun and refreshing your and Bdubs videos have become. Yes sometimes I can tell certain things are set up but that does not matter because the end result is great. 

Thanks for taking the time to explain yourself even though I dont think you needed to and thanks for all the hard work you and the rest of the Mindcrackers put into their videos!
I just realized how confusing it will be when people see this thread at the very top of the subreddit, without the context of the [drama](http://www.reddit.com/r/mindcrack/comments/1ekr5x/bteam_discussion/ca16xj4) it's in reply to.
Genny, I know I'm really late here, but I want you to know that I'm a 17 year old who will be attending college next year, and you fill the inspirational role for me. Hell, I skipped my prom to come meet you at PAX East! Yah done good, genny!
I think it's disgusting that you're having to defend yourself over things your own subscribers are saying. Really sad.

I may not be as young as a lot of your audience GB, but damn if you don't make me crack up when you're role playing and doing other sorts of things. :)
Fair enough. I liked that you didn't do TL;DR.
You're an awesome person generik. You have probably inspired more people than I ever will. People dont understand that it's isn't all about them and that there are other people who benefit and enjoy you and Bdubs roleplaying. Dont stop doing what your are doing because of a few people. 
[deleted]
Genny, I don't think you can put in an extra line break between paragraphs, but you can separate blocks of text another way.

For example:

> disclaimer: This is about me, not bdubs. I won't speak on his behalf here.


> As a child, Mister Rogers was my hero. For those of you too young (or from another country?) to know who that is, he 

... can be separated by adding a few - (dash) marks on a separate line - I think 5 does it, but it might be 4. Doing this appears as follows

    disclaimer: This is about me, not bdubs. I won't speak on his behalf here.
    -----
    As a child, Mister Rogers was my hero. For those of you too young (or from another country?) to know who that is, he 

and results in:

disclaimer: This is about me, not bdubs. I won't speak on his behalf here.

-----

As a child, Mister Rogers was my hero. For those of you too young (or from another country?) to know who that is, he 
Genny It's really nice to see that you took your time to right this to guys that are questioning your acts and behavior and I wanted to say that I always taught of you as like a big brother always making me feel good and cheering me up and that your videos are the funniest thing sure you can have the odd naughty word here and there but sure I think we all do some times and hope you keep up the good work and Amazing Videos!
It's good to know there are people out there like you Genny.  Everybody here has reason to be thankful now.  But personally, I was far more bothered by Bdubs presumptive dismissal of the criticism than the issues with scripting, especially when contrasted with this multi-paragraph, detailed response.  Still, thanks.  I may always be a Single Malt Scotcher, but there's a bit of B-team pride in all of us :)
Game of Thrones isn't a documentary?!?!? What!?!??!
<3
I can see where both sides are coming from. I personally think the Emerald War was a bit too obvious in how it was structured and the pace of the emerald growth. I found the olivine gag a bit contrived from day one. The actual competitions themselves are good ideas, though. I just wish they were more genuine. I also like the vanilla "reboot" you guys have done since the horse snapshot.

It must be said though, there's something lacking from recent B-Team videos compared with the early videos messing around with Etho. I think it comes back to the same issue that the early videos felt like they were actually made on camera, as opposed to reading from an outline.
53rd on /r/all, holy crap.
All I can say is I would watch a Mindcrack Dungeons and Dragons game.
Everyone loves you Genny <3
I've seen a nice cartoon on reddit today that made a huge point in my opinion. Take the views of your vids as 100%, even if only ~10% from that complain, they do it as if they were the 90%. The truth is, the majority likes and loves your videos but they don't speak up. The ones talking shit and complaining aren't the majority, or you would not have the viewerbase you have.

Sorry if this not as readable/understandable as I imagined it in my head, it's quite late over here.
Ehh, some people still think, that if they dislike a video/series it must've been done for money/fame. 

Keep up the good work B-team, the Mine Wars finale was very entertaining and it made me laugh.
I was pretty ashamed of this sub-reddit by the way you've been treated in the other threads. I agree that sometimes we have a tendency to treat the mindcrackers like gods in this subreddit and very rarely is there any criticism made and that in a way is wrong, but the way your content was slandered just for making a few scripted videos that a large majority of your fanbase enjoy let alone you and bdubs enjoy making. It broke my heart a little bit to see that you had to reply to it like this.

Thanks for the great content GB - from a fan.
<3
<3 :)

Thank you sir.
If you're too young to remember Mr Rogers, you're too young to be on Reddit.
A Very Well said Thread, Genny your my favorite Youtuber for reasons like your child friendly and your channel has mixed games and ways you can play games differently e.g. Role-play and Tutorials. I think Role play is entertainingbut i hate the way its purposely done like the Yogscast do it but its much more funnier when its unscripted you and Bdubs make such entertaining videos that i have to keep watching your videos. What makes you more awesome is that you care about your fans and interact with them e.g. Livestreams and ask people for video responces. its a real bigg shame you can't have kids cos your would make a awesome Dad.

From a Big Fan
VenisonHD aka Joshua
Interesting that people take issue with you enjoying playing a game with friends. I'm a grown ass man and am enjoying B-Lazin' Saddles a great deal. "We's fishin' buddies." Also funny that these people demand you stop "pandering to others such that you can pander to them. :P 
Hey GenerikB,
I'm a 20 year old fan of yours, and yes, I do see you doing the roleplaying quite a bit, but I absolutely love it.
When others complain, I just laugh at them for being ignorant and not understanding you are a great person, and Roleplaying can also be a lot of fun.
Let's just take a look at your latest Mindcrack Vanilla, they are by far the most entertaining episodes i've seen so far, and yes, they can be kind of childish, almost like a kid playing Cowboys and Indians (Just pretend Guude and Beef are the Indians, and you should hunt them for fun ^.^) and that's just amazing.
I'm also there every single tuesday to the stream (Even though it usually starts at about 00:00 or 1AM for me) and just hang out from 8PM GMT+1 just to hang really. 
Even during the streams there's some roleplaying going on at some times but that doesn't really matter, it makes it even more entertaining for people who've got at least a bit of a good childhood and a sense of humour.

Also, I have to point out, the stream has some amazing moderators, with whom it's fun to talk to.
(Yes, that's a shoutout to ElyBeatMaker, Bondismo, Yami and Lady)

Genny Dude, I love you, I love your Videos, and I hope to see a lot more of you!

The moral of this story: The people who complain don't know how much fun Roleplaying can be.

Keep it up! And have fun during the recordings! (And maybe work on a lovely GenerikKid! :P)
Generik by any chance are you a philosopher in your off time? Thanks for the kind words man, means a lot! :)
This post is the second most upvoted post on the mindcrack subreddit. Either there are becoming more members of this community or Genny is just amazing. I'm going with the latter. That is great.
(Repost from my reply on the b-team finale comment that Genny posted.)

 Generik, thank you. Thank you for doing what you love and not letting others push you around or devalue your dreams. I admire you more than ever at this moment! 

When you're older, and you look back at your life, I want you to be able to look back at your life and say "Dang, I really lived the dream, didn't I? *I did exactly what I loved and aspired for ever since I was a kid!*" I'm still a teenage kid, but I hope I can be even **half** as admirable as you are in your current position! You know this, but let me remind you: **Never let anyone tell you that your dreams are wrong or misguided.** I would hate if such a joyful and happy person like you looked back at his life and though "Damn, I wish I hadn't compromised so much for all those outspoken, criticizing people, now I'm someone I don't want to be, and I'm unhappy." NO! *BE WHO YOU LOVE TO BE!* This earth needs more people who do what they love for better or worse, and don't let this fallen world tear down their spirit.

Thank you for re-instilling me with faith in humanity, and inspiring me to continue living for passion and not for pleasing others.
You shouldn't have to explain yourself, but we appreciate the effort you took into doing so, GennyB. Thanks for sharing your side of the story.

Maybe some people who didn't give criticism and just complained will understand if they read that. If they don't, well... You still make quality content and that didn't change because of a couple of discussions, so you still win in the end, I guess.

I feel like some people act like they did at my last job. We were closing down after so many years. (This'll make sense) We were a shopping center, the only place in town you could go shopping and pick up some other random stuff. Closest places were miles away, At the end of the store, people felt like they were owed something, despite the fact that we did all the work and effort to give them our best. It doesn't make sense, but we just continued to do what we could until the end. Now, they miss us.

That's how I see this situation. You do your best but because it takes up people's time and you're benefiting from your hard work, they feel like they should get something. All you can do is keep doing what you can. (And in your position, what you love.) You won't please everyone, but it's more about pleasing yourself. Think of all the people who are enjoying it. Let the others just watch whatever they want to. :)
You're cute.
Sorry genny, but your videos aren't child friendly... You guys say bitch and bastard all the time. I was going to watch you and bdubs doing the whole cowboy thing with my little brother but would get ripped to shreds if my parents hear him hearing swear words.
Thank you Genny for this very touchy post :)
I think what generated all the flames is that some people don't fully understand that you are doing what you do to entertain people (and why not, get some money from it for all the hard work you put into it), but most of all you have to enjoy what you do, following your desires and dreams! And if that means staged episodes, different kind of gameplay or whatever else, than let it be!

Sorry, i had to put [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBIDiQnIoNE) out there, if you don't know The Big Bang Theory show you're not going to understand it, but hey, it's a good series that you should watch anyway :P
I just wanted to let you know that last thread does not speak for all of us. While there will obviously be haters and critics everywhere, being a "Youtube Celebrity" seems to draw more than the fair share. 

I have been watching your videos since there were only 6-7 guys on HermitCraft and I would guess that a lot of your subscribers came after you joined the Mindcrack server, so they dont know that how you are in your videos is not just an act to get views. 

The videos you have done with BOO have been some of the funniest things i have ever seen. I have been brought to tears on more than a few occasions because of the two of you. 

Keep your head up mate. 



I think people just don't adjust well to change. For good or bad, 'shows' evolve and move in different direction in time. For all extensive purposes, Generik what you do is a show, despite what connotations that word may or may have. You produce 20-40 minute episodes about 4 times a day on a daily basis. Over the span of time, people's own directive views change and how they want to produce video change. As someone who has been watching youtube since 2007, you see this all the time with every single content creator, whatever the topic, whatever the size of their audience. You can't keep the same formula over time, then the series begins to drag, and sometimes changing the formula slightly may alienate viewers.

For example, I am a BIG Doctor Who fan. However, I don't like the direction Steven Moffat took the series once Matt Smith became the Doctor. Don't get me wrong, I still LOVE the series and I think Matt is a brilliant Doctor, but my personal favorite era of the Doctor is Tennant. I felt the episodes better and less convoluted, I think while Moffat has good episodes, he's really stepped away from what I loved most about Doctor Who. I still love the series, but I think we've already peaked. This doesn't take away my enjoyment from watching Doctor Who, but I'll always have my own preferences.

For good or for bad, content creators can do what they want with their creative property. Do I like the B-Team stuff? Of course I do! Do I enjoy scripted or role played sequences? They are fine for me, I can tell they are in good fun and are more suited for a specific audience, but I do have  a slight preference for a different style. That, however, doesn't take the enjoyment away from watching a B-Team series video or any other video Generik produces. Just because something changes, doesn't make it any less enjoyable, we all have our own preferences, and while Youtubers are MUCH MUCH more approachable when it comes to telling them about how you feel, at the end of the day, it's their creative vision. I can put in my own two cents about how I feel, but because I still enjoy the content, as long as it doesn't take a turn for the worst, I personally think everyone should take things as they come. In the world of youtube, content is ALWAYS evolving, if they stay the same, there is no real growth and you kinda get sick of it after a while. Youtube is always changing and as a result, content creators change and their creative vision changes. They can do what they feel comfortable with. 

Generik, I'll keep watching you as long as you keep making videos. I didn't make this post to try and pander or suck up or something of the like, just my ideas. People don't like change, I think everyone knows that, but people are always changing and you can't stop that. I like to keep an open mind and I hope everyone else does too, the last thing we need is a community rift between those who like and dislike certain aspects of mindcrackers. I feel like I may have ranted while not hitting the nail exactly on the head, but hey, my own stream of consciousness on the matter. 

TL;DR: I relate to Doctor Who, creative visions change and evolve over time, everyone should take any amount of change openly.
its sad that there are people who are critizing you roleplaying. its your channel, do what you want. are tv shows not roleplay?

i am 39, and also loved mr. rogers. it was a big part of my childhood. i also love your roleplay videos because youre having fun. i have fun watching them. 

theres always going to be complainers, unfortunately most people who dont like something will comment on it. dont take it as the majority of your viewers.
Well someone just earned a new subscriber. 

EDIT: Where should I start?
My girlfriend and I are both adults and we love everything you do Genny B. B team stuff is hilarious, whether you're role playing or not. I don't see it as a childish thing at all, it's just... you; that's what we like. And if there is ever something we don't enjoy as much, who are we to tell you that you're doing it wrong? I know that is what a lot of people have been doing lately, and I doubt it will stop. Please just never ever let it change what you do, cause Mindcrack and Minecraft in general would be completely different if everything was left in the hands of people who complain about free, quality entertainment. We love you! And Thanks, a lot.
Just stopped by to show support. I love you & bdubs :-)
Thanks Genny for nearly making me cry. Seriously.

I didnt understand all the hate on the roleplaying stuff, to me your still just as funny as ever
I love you genny, to take the time to tell people who may not know or think they know you but they really don't, to tell them about the real person behind the videos is awe-inspiring. This is what I like about mindcrack, that you leave everything on the table just so people watching enjoy a video, that take hours upon hours of work. And at the end of the day you don't know how a new series or a certain video will go until you get the results. Keep on keepin on Generik do what you do and you will be happy. 
"He taught me how to be kind, loving, respectful...and gave me my sense of humor, patience, and self-worth."

And that is truely showing Genny! I'm a 20 year old student, and love what you do. It kinda adds to the occassion, with the cowboy scenario you are going through. YouTube is about entertainment and that is what you do. 

Thanks Gen
Genny, there is a reason you're my favorite youtuber. A lot of it was explained here. You're one awesome dude. 
I'm 18 years old and would consider myself quite mature, but the role play stuff is my favourite, it's a lot more entertaining and gets you coming back to see what's happening next. Keep it up Genny. 
I was put off channels like Yogscast because of heavy scripting, and though I'm not a regular viewer of you, genny, i've been watching mindcrack since the beginning of S2. 
I myself have also played RP games and servers (to long extents) and I think it's great that it exists, it's really fun and much more entertaining. 
People getting hate for roleplay because it's *fake* is ridiculous. **It is simply another way of playing a game which many people find particularly enjoyable.** 

Keep it up, gb. We are here **for** you.
This moved me, a lot. I'm proud over you GB!
I'm 18, and I know that ain't super old, but I like to think I'm a mature being, and I love it when you put on voices - It's so funny, and that's why I watch your video's, for entertainment.
Them Feels.
For people who think GenerikB is "Fake" I suggest you go and watch his 63rd FTB episode from 35minutes onwards, If that's "fake" then damn GB is a good actor.
Total respect for Mr. GenerikB.
I have a 5 year old and 8 year old boys watching right at this moment. After they go to bed I put on the more adult orientated LP's. So I appreciate the B-Team stuff, and the stuff more geared towards adults. There's something for everyone here at mindcrack. Thank you genny/bdubs, and thank you mindcrack crew.

I also have a 2 year old girl that watches Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood the spiritual successor to Mr. Roger. Great show on PBS Kids.
As an adult who has, frankly, a bit of a problem with kids (I don't like them - thought I'd make that clear before anyone pointed out that could have gone either way...) I love the content you put out. 

Sure, the odd bit feels a little contrived to me but you are entertaining, and I feel like I have got to know you along with all the other LPers I have been watching over the past few years. As someone else on this thread has said, a small proportion of your fanbase think they can own you and tell you whats right and wrong about what you are doing, but they fall into the trap of thinking that creative content is a commodity that can be demanded. 

I, for one - though I suspect I'm not alone, like the fact that you vary what you do and make it accessible to all ages - and know that even if I am not into 100% of everything you do, it is still my choice to watch it, and completely your choice how you make it.

In short, or TLDR as the kids seem to say these days, Fuck the haters. This is your creative output, and you do a damn fine job. 
Genny, I am 20 and enjoy all you put out. I don't always watch everything as I have to work and all that other stuff to do but when I find time, I'll flick on my sub feed and find something of yours to watch or listen to just to wind down.
I do not believe that you are in the for money or are aiming your whole channel at kids/a younger audience than myself as the effort you put in would show you care a lot about your subs/fans (whatever you want to call them) and that means a lot. 
Thanks for all the work you have/will always put into the content you put out for all of us.

do you generik :)  keep it up
I for one (20 years old), find your content hilarious! That might be partially because we have a similar sense of humour, but mostly because I know that it is 100% YOU and not some act you put on. If people cant accept that this is the content you enjoy making, I don't think they deserve to be amused.
So from one hermit to another, keep up the amazing content brother :)
Genny B. I'm 21 and I love what you and Ol' B-Dubs do in your videos. You're creative and funny. Really awesome to watch. I feel that anyone who has a problem with your role playing has a stick up their you-know-what. They need to understand that no they're not the only people watching your videos and YOU are having a good time. I love watching your videos because you're having a good time and I'd hate for that to change. I'm so glad that you won't change and will continue to stay true to yourself. Thanks for being a good role model, even for someone my age. 
GenerikB, that was one of the most heartfelt things I have ever heard. I would like to say that I truly respect your motives. I hope that everyone would agree with me. Thank you for being a good person, striving to make every person smile every day.
If there was a way to define the kindest, most humble person; the person who never thinks of themselves, only of the ones who love them, then I am a hundred percent sure that I would put you first.
Thanks you GennyB, for Being my Mr. Rogers, I still live with my dad, but he is never really there for me so despite the fact that you and Bdubs have never met me and I've never met either of you, you have basically filled the whole in my life, I got my sense of humor from you two along with my self confidence, patience and respect for other people. I know you said children are off the cards for you and mrs. B but I'd like to tell you you are already a great dad and I really hope you never stop doing what you are and Bdubs are doing :)

-your son who isn't.
the feels.
mad respect genny
Generikb, when I watch your b-teams with bdubs, I quite often catch myself getting way too caught up in a video like children do (i'm 23 myself) and I love it.  It's not very often I find myself actually laughing out loud.  I'm not talking about a little giggle like we all do with something funny.  Actually laughing out loud.  Please don't stop doing what your doing.  I haven't read any of the comments to this post, but I'd be willing to bet practically every one is providing praise to you and your videos.

I enjoyed reading your story, but you didn't need to explain yourself.  The vast majority enjoy your videos, no matter why or how you make them.
Personally, I didn't have any problem with the role-playing. I rather enjoyed it, but I was upset at how seemingly obviously scripted the B-Team has been. It's like if they had a staged UHC where they decided iin advance that a certain team would win, and made it exciting along the way. 

I think the role play is great and you should take it further, a B-team LP with a short story line would be great, or playing adventure maps! If people dont like it they can watch something else!
(what, you thought Game of Thrones was a documentary?).

OMFG, my sides :').
Anyways.. I as a.. well 14-year old, but I am mature for my age, so I as a ''mature for my age'' person really enjoy watching videos. My adult friends that I play Minecraft with also do. You bring good entertainment for both adults and kids. We love you Genny <3
I'm 15 and as a kid Mr. Rodgers was on TV and I had always watched it (they were re-runs). After a while of watching your videos I began to get to understand your personality, and immediately began to think of people you're like. Of course, you were most like Mr. Rodgers.  
You're really entertaining, and very kid-friendly. You are, no doubt, the Mr. Rodgers of the internet ;)
Hello Genny, roleplay is best improvement since inventing b-team for you both.

Â 

Also, try to add invisible char (alt+160 - for example) between paragraphs like here to do spaces between?

 

OK, paragraph - doubleenter - invisible char - doubleenter - next paragraph worked for me :D
I just realized a way to gauge the extent of the scripting in a B-Team (or anything really) video: in the Hunt for Slimey Sammy, when they look at the wanted poster, Genny pauses for a couple seconds and goes "They call this guy...Slimy...Sam...Jenkins".  He clearly isn't reading off a paper, they just make up a basic plot and wing it.
Honestly Generik, I did not think you needed to explain yourself as you do what you do and enjoy it so we don't need an explanation. I do however greatly appreciate that you decided to come out and tell a bit about your childhood and why you do certain things. 

When I met you at PAX, you were one of the nicest people. You hung around the fans and made sure to get some talk time in with each one of them. Don't let anyone get you down and thanks for all the content you provide whether it be PG or R, its a great variety of stuff that everyone can enjoy. 
Hey GB I've been watching your videos since the time you joined the MCS. I just want to say just keep doing what you do brother and be yourself! I watch your videos before I go to bed after a long 12 hour shift (grave yard) and my best friend (my loving wife) tells me "are you tubing already? Let me guess the hermit? Or anderz? Beef? Double0?" No lie haha. Well just wanted to put my 2 cents in as a viewer of the age of 23 I love your videos brother keep up the good work and say hello to your cat for me haha 
As an actor, I agree with one-hundred and one percent of my emerald-encrusted heart about your paragraph on role playing.
I don't know about you guys, but every time I hear "We was fishing buddies" I go to a happy place and I stay there for the rest of the episode. After a full day of college classes, couldn't really ask for a lot more. It's the same with movies, TV shows, etc... "Make-Believe" it's quite literal: they make, you "believe". If your not willing to believe, then be more selective, and only watch what you like, which from I've read, seems to be the stuff that doesn't evolve a lot of effort to step in the same universe as the video.  
And Genny that is exactly why I love you and your videos
I know I'm a little late to the post, but I'd like to say that as a person who doesn't read much; this post really moved me. I want to start getting into YouTube'ing as a hobby, and you and BDouble0 really inspire me. About a week ago I started watching your and his FTB series, and I must say that, I love the collaboration episodes. 

Thank you very much for this post, and dude... Keep on keepin' on.
I love the RP you and Bdubs do. It's fun to see you guys as the mobsters or cowboys of the server, since I feel weird to do that kind of stuff in real life anymore I usually do it online, and seeing you guys do the same things only encourage me further. ^_^
i just watched a podcast from the mindcrack network where they are discusing the difference between youtubers and redditers. 
basically they say that redditers are prepared to go the extra mile, to get to know the mindcracker better. 
 and this is basically the perfect example.
if genny would say this on youtube he would only get shit for this , but here the comments are all people who say nice things about him
wow
I can't wait to see this album of "on the road with Genny"
Just want to say love your videos Genny keep doing what your doing 

Genny, anyone with a potato for a brain can see you are a very young-at-heart person who just wants to have fun and provide others with fun.  I really enjoyed reading this and learning how much you've really accomplished by simply playing a game and having fun.

I really enjoy the storyline of the B-Team not only because it is hilarious, but it shows dedication, which is the heart of your operation.  

Stay true to yourself and stay true to your fans.  You are really making a difference in a lot of people's entertainment choices and I really want to see you go to really high places  in the world (no not skyscrapers, but that might not be so bad.  GB Inq.,  lol).  

Just keep goin' on; you'll have the support and you'll have the heart.  Thanks for the content, it is truly a privilege to have.
You can't do it right for everybody. - This is the direct translation of something we say in Germany that really fits to Genny's situation. There will always be some people who will complain about too much (or not enough of) roleplaying. But he shouldn't focus on those, he should do what feels right for himself and Focus on his Viewers, who like his style of videos.
Genny, I think the people here are more mature than in YouTube. In YouTube, there are a lot of 8 years old that think people win money by selling their poop. You should "copy & paste" this and post on the YouTube video, because all of us here know how you love people and do things to make us proud. THANKS GENNY! 
Awesome, you are the first YouTube I've seen who addressed this and I instantly respect you for it. Of course you are still playing for kids here though you acknowledge it, addressed it and I guess you don't abuse it.
I know this post is old  and my comment will probably get burried but is a good post and keep on doing your videos it really is amazing :)

[deleted]
To be perfectly honest, i don't like your videos. Not because of the overall content or i hate you or anything like that, i just don't like your voice. It's not a voice i enjoy. 

But i really respect you for putting this out there. One of my favorite youtubers, MaxximvsDecimvs, actually does an entire roleplay-in-minecraft series, and i absolutely adore it. It's about a physics (or somekind) of doctor that somehow gets sucked into Minecraft and has to learn how to survive in the environment, fight off the Creeper Horde and their minions, and try to find a way home. Minecraft is an AMAZING vehicle for doing this kind of thing, and i really like that others are daring to venture into that territory. 

Also Mr Rogers is bossmode. Srsly. Loved that show as a kid.
I guess some people still haven't realized nobody is forcing them to watch videos.
Genny you do not deserve the hate/negative comments you got in that thread. As a 16 year old who is turning 17 with in a month, I have been thinking about how overs see me and how I want to be seen as, and can easily say that I look up to the you and the gang and think that you are pretty great guys and have taught me a lot about kindness and respect. The last 12 months have not been easiest for me but the you and the guys have always managed  to cheer me up when I have been down, so I would like to thank you and ask you not to let your dream get away.
Congrats GB on creating the most popular thread in the history of this reddit.
This is so wrong that Genny has to explain what kind of FREE entertainment he provides. YouTube is different because the people making the content are more connected to the fans than those in TV or other mediums. Genny should try to please his fans but at the same time if Genny does something a little different with one of his many series people shouldn't flip the shit. Personally, I enjoy  anything the B-Team puts out and I'm really enjoying the "story" of Mudbucket. I hope this doesn't become a precedent for YouTubers and their viewers, especially for the Mindcrack guys, who put out quality content on a regular basis. Love yeah Genny!
its sad that you are unable to have children you would be a wonderful farther i dont know if it is because your wife is unable to or other difficulty but if you cant and want to have you ever thought about adoption? it would help a kid and would help yourself. my friend is adopted and though he hates his mom and dad sometimes he always says being taken in by them was the best thing that ever happened to them  
This made me tear up. Keep up the good work GenerikB!
Genny, wow, we love you man
Don't change anything guys.

let haters hate, there's always people that don't understand the difference between you putting on a show and trying to "trick" them. But ye (and bear grylls) should just ignore it and keep doing what you do best.

If you treat these people like the babys they seem to think they are they're never going to learn for themselves.
Hey GennyB, really sorry for what I said in the other thread. I guess it was a bit hurtful. You're providing free entertainment for people; I shouldn't be complaining. Thanks for your hard work!
Generik, As a 20 year old male, I find you and Bdouble0 two of the funniest personalities on youtube. The Role-playing stuff, yes, is awesome for the kids, but the episode of Vanilla Mindcrack you posted with you and Bdouble) dying like 10 times between you, was some of the funniest stuff I have seen that doesn't officially carry a 'comedy' title to its name.

From watching you and BdoubleO I have learnt so much about the feed the beast modpack, and had fun with your other videos even if they weren't intended to teach me anything about how to make complex machines etc.

You are two of the funniest people to watch as your entertaining and I always end up with a huge grin on my face. And that is even including the role-playing stuff, yeah, its a bit cheesy at times but thats the whole point of it, its funny.

A Real 'Fan' does not need to question your intent on the production of your videos, and ask if your doing it for the money. Because frankly, we don't care. You put a lot of effort into your work and you make us laugh, and in return you get a small amount of cash in your pocket that helps you get by in life. What more could a true fan of your work want for you?

Frankly, I see all the comments and accusations as mere jealously to what your able to do on a daily basis. Personally, when one of my videos got 12k views once, the sheer amount of joy and happiness I got from that moment was unprecedented, and here you are doing that on a daily basis spreading joy and happiness to people of all ages, ain't no-one on this earth that should be able to take away from that feeling man!


this is now the most popularpost on the reddit
I don't think that people were talking about you, they were talking about what BOO and Guude used to be.  Thank you for your insightful commentary to this, unlike your partner who decided to go down another path.  

EDIT:  I don't care if you do do it for money, hell I would hope to have a job that I loved not one that I hate.  People are jealous because of your opportunity.  No matter what people say it is a job, it just happens to be a really fun job.  Like playing pro sports or something.  
I was waiting for this post, that thread was the bad side of this subreddit, and none of it was true. I think it all points to the fact that people who don't make YouTube videos for people don't know what it's like to be constantly battered about changing dynamics and becoming what they think they deserve. Nothing was true about you in what they said Genny, and I know you get that, and I hope it didn't/doesn't get under your skin.
Don't let the haters get to you Genny, keep doing what you love.  
To comment on the "wars" topic, war and competition are often the greatest encouragement for human innovation. 

For example, the cold war provoked us to put a man on the moon. 
The Toldest Winter Night
[deleted]
being fake? scripted? who said that? you and Bdubs are the most natural MC comedians ever, like Guude and Bdubs on the CTM maps, makes me cry of laugh everytime and Im not a little kid. Also I love when you interact with others mindcrackers randomly, like Mhykol, Anders, Etho, Doc, etc. Im sure nothing is scripted or fake, of course you make some scenarios from time to time, but we know it, and we like it. What about raising some money for Childs Play with Kurt? i dont know, just saying...
My favorite thing to do with the new sub's upvote system thingy.

Indeed!
I think at least Indeed should be permanent.

 I find I upvote more posts and comment's after this.

EDIT: Unrelated mention, but this is on the 5th page of /r/all !!
I totally just up voted every comment just to see it say indeed. Does it say anything for down votes, I've never done one before.
For those of you with RES, press A then J and repeat to quickly upvote everything.
As a exclusive mobile user, what exactly is going on in this gif?
How does one accomplish this?


On mobile, but still taking 2 minutes of my life upvoting everything I see.
I totally didn't just do exactly that the moment after I saw this gif.
If you have RES, press A and J over and over again.
I'm so sad I can't see it on mobile :'(
This is the best change to a subreddit's CSS I've seen since /r/movies added Roger Ebert thumbs.
[deleted]
I seriously can't stop doing it. The float-text is hilarious.

But seriously, can we keep these? I'm having SO much fun upvoting, I think this is giving the sub a positivity boost. (and yes, I think the same thing will happen with other Mindcrackers. "Hello guys!" "Dang guy!" would work just as well.)

Can we keep the Kurt ones til the next Mindcracker's having their turn?
#\#92 in /r/all!
(Username)  
I love hovering over the downvote arrow. Then I immediately change it to an upvote once "No, Wolfie!" pops up.
So thts why everything has so much upvotes...
I don't get any sort of floating text of Indeed when I upvote things... I'm running Firefox, I don't get it.
I wish this post had been deleted. It is the worst post on the subreddit. It got way too many upvotes, as well as the comments on this post. 
Upvoting things before seeing what they are. huehue
This is why I love Mindcrack.

We need an adorable fan art rendition of this.
LOL WHAT TYPE OF CHILDREN IS GUUDE RAISING?

Poor, Guude. Has to raise 28 kids. xD 29 if you count his kid irl.
Those darn Orange Wool kids.... no respect for their sibling's stuff.
> "Ill burn your fedora."

i just completely lost it im sorry 
That's eerily accurate.
Surfing through /r/all and seeing this, I used to watch Pyro's videos when all he did was Call of Duty. I am happy to see he still uses that twitter profile pic.
NOT THE FEDORA
Hey, we made it to /r/all! 
Wait wait wait, if Guude's the dad, who's the mom then o_o
I feel like this kind of lends itself to the Mindcrack fanfiction community. XD
Don't make me pull this server over....... lol
No! Not his euphoria!
These guys... are the masters of improv. 
And could hear each and every one of their voices as they said all this. Bravo!
This just made my day!
I was able to keep a straight face untill Millbee jumped in, then i just lost it.
I read Guude's line, and it sounded just like Guude.

Creepy.
This is brilliant. :D
etho: MAMMA BEEF PAUSE IS TRYING TO KILL ME AGAIN!!!
Don't make me pull this server over....I'm crying lol 
aww babbies
Millbee is the king period.
[deleted]
I just died laughing, xD this is the funniest thing I've seen all night!
This was pretty funny then I died laughing once I got to pyro and millbee xD that was great
This made my day.
Family chat?
Papa Guude in the house!
Dadbee = Guude CONFIRMED!
Well that's a lot of upvotes...
Yess let the fedora burn >:D
I... I can't... Too funny... Sorry, I just can't XD
>I'll burn your fedora

Sounds like ur doin pyaro a favor dere m8
am I on /r/cringepics ?
test
[removed]
Decided to create a realistic render of Bdubs beautiful modern house! Made two images, one during day and one during night. Might do the interior in the future!

This is fantastic!! You should tweet this at Bdubs, he'd love it!
Here the high-res image of the house during the day > http://i.imgur.com/pY9UUc7.jpg
This is really really amazing.  How did you do this, and how do I get you to design my next house?  
Holy shit! This must be one of the most amazing things anyone has ever posted in this subreddit.
I'm legitimately having a hard time believing the night-time picture is a fake render and not a photograph. These look great!
Now do Etho's place ;)
10/10 would put string on the roof.

Amazing! Please tell me you put a wooden button for the doors :P
Could someone post side by side pics with the mc version? 
Amazing. For a minute I thought Bdubs had been copying a real building :D
I played around a bit with Blender myself a while back but never managed anything a tenth as good as this.
Man, Bdubs needs to use to power wash his house.
It's good, but you forgot the string on the roof.  It really adds a great touch.
You are all so very nice! Thank you :D
[deleted]
What, no string on the roof?
holy mother
I bet you went ahead and built this house IRL and took a photo of it.

^(yes I know he made it in blender)
As Pause would say, "Dang Gina!"
It would be really nice to see your rendetion of EthoCorps potion store from the server as well.
Oh yes! I agree with some other comments. I would love for you to do EthoCorp. His building is really interesting, and with all the windows if would look awesome!
Awesome!
I'd live in a house like that
Good job man, this definitely would look awesome also in RL.
10/10 would live in
I said "Wait, What?" aloud xD
Amazing!!!!!!!
what's the tp hurrrrrhaahha
That looks like Ethan's first house from Heavy Rain.
The second one honestly looks like a house down the street at night, like you went the house and took a picture 

I already saw this when Bdubs posted it on Twitter and it absolutely amazed me!
So much respect for people with this skill. Amazing.
Wow.  That is what that house (in minecraft) IS.  Beautiful.
Annnnddd I have my new wallpaper. Thanks!
Absolutely stunning. Great job.
AWESOME!
You might have forgot the poison dispensers ! =D
EPIC!
I wouldn't mind living in this house! And wasn't Bdubs in the construction business before minecraft?  
what does the real one look like
People are awesome, aren't they?
OMG, that is awesome! Have you done any other mindcracker's works? Would LOVE to see VintageBeef's! 
How long did it take to render? This is just the most amazing render I've ever seen.
Shit son. That looks awesome! What did you model it in? The lighting is spot on.
OH MY GOD... GREAT JOB! 
Holy shit! That's amazing, really nice job there. Wish I were able to do anything remotely similar to this. 
I would live the shit out of that house.
Omg that's so cool

This is amazing man. Great job!
That is sick! I hope you tweeted this to Bdubs, he'll love it for sure. 
you forgot the string on his roof ;).. jokes aside though, looks stunning :)
Dude this is so awesome. I would like to live in this house.
Holy, wow, that is amazing.
Holey Moley that is gorgeous! I would totally live there (if there aren't any zombies, of course).
Very cool! Would love to see more renders of the other mindcrackers houses
[you missed a bit](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAA7F7CDEIw)
Please do more! :D
How... It's so beautiful...
Dat lawn doe ;)
Wow, just wow.  For a sec, I thought it was the house bdubs used as a model to create his mindcrack one.
best thing ive ever seen posted on this subreddit!
What did you create this in? It looks really awesome!
Things like this make it a shame BDubs doesnt visit us anymore
Holy crap that's amazing!!!!!!!!! :D

Incredible!
awesome!
This looks incredible! Was not expecting it to look that realistic when I clicked on this post...
That looks so amazing! Great job!
On a side note, I am going to be doing a course in college that involves 3D rendering and animating... and boy this looks so awesome that I can't wait to get into this kinda stuff :)
What is this witchcraft, this is fantastic.
Amazing! Good Job M8
This is incredible, truly amazing! Great work, OP.
That looks really amazing. The house doesn't look like a bunch of random block placements anymore. 
Mmm, that's lovely. The night-time one is particularly good...
wow! just wow! Amazing! now you have to do all the buildings of Mindcrack :p
This is awesome! You should tweet this at him! I don't know if he checks this subreddit or not, i know he hasn't in the recent past

i knew bdub's house looked great, annnd now it's just amazing!  great work!
Man that is indeed really amazing, at first I thought that this was just the house BDubs got his build inspiration from, then I realized you made this using 3d Voodoo magic, great job!
Absolutely **amazing**. Great job. I want this house now XD Meticulous attention to detail, and the realism is stunning. Keep doing more of this!!! You have a gift for it.
You had better get employed in that architectural visualisation job, I say. This is absolutely stunning, looks like photographs.
Dude! This looks like a real building. You might want to find someone who could get you into film and stuff. I make videos but I havnt got anywhere in 3D stuff.
Wow! how long did it take you to make this?
amazing.
Todaly amazing. but you forgot the string....
Bdub's beautiful house

    Bdubs = more than one Bdub
Doc.. you O' us something ;-)

Crap, lol. You dang guys...I was hoping it might slip;-) Now I have to get Lederhosen. I don't even have some!
If GennyB can wear a dress, you can certainly do this!
Can't wait to see this XD
Well Doc is appearing at Insomnia in a month or so.....
I love the Internet! 
After the Bajskin dude from his aftermath vlog, I'm sure he would have fit right in had he done so yesterday.
*owe.

but yes
[Relevant Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VnKQVXtFfo)
Get the tweet machine going! Everybody aboard!
Id PAY to see that!
 #SeeDocTwerk
This must happen.
You are the real MVP. Thanks for telling us this, now we get a really interesting video to watch.
I drew a Doc in lederhosen but I don't have access to a scanner so it will never see the light of day.
More like he 1-0's us something.
Still waiting...!
Oh god... Can't wait to see that! :P As soon as possible Doc! 
maybe he will do it while watching "Die Mannschaft"  or after that
And Pause promised to pee his pants. But nooooo one remembers that!
Owe. FTFY
did you seriously use O instead of owe? i sure hope your native language isn't English...
Hahahah! Amazing! xD
21st on reddit front page
In case you've not allready noticed...Doc has allready brougth this up on his own and asked for people to make him a skin on his twitter. And there have allready been a few submissions on this subbreddit Xb
I never understood these sorts of things.  Promises on the internet mean nothing.  If this post reaches 20 upvotes, I will revive Abraham Lincoln with a zombie spell so we can go hunt vampires.
Half Life 3 Confirmed!!!
The upvote animation is probably the best thing that I've ever seen.
The upvote animations seem so appropriate, let's make it permanent except for events  
The animation makes it so much more fun to upvote. I love seeing which phrase will appear.

The mods have been doing an awesome job :D
I completely agree with this. It's so great because it makes me want to upvote people, which I almost never do
Must...see...ALL THE TEXTS! UPVOTE EVERYTHING!
I'm on mobile, so I can't see the animation :(

What is it?
I agree.

P.s Baj is awesome 
Honestly, I don't think the wording is strong enough ;) 

EDIT: It changed while I was posting What the heck! 
You know that they took it from the circlejerk, right?
[deleted]
I already posted about these a few days ago...

Whatever, more upvoting!
Yeah Baj really is awesome.

^^^Iknowtherearemorethanoneupvoteanimationm8s
Upvote everything!!
What's mine? I'll check!
You certainly got an upvote job.
It should say "P.S. Praise Lord Baj"
What

that's mah jam!
Agreed.
[deleted]
Interesting, I didn't realise it was different until now.
Whenever someone posts this kind of post, it always gets tons of upvotes.

I wonder why...
Heh. Have you up voted anything at /r/dogecoin yet? Just go there and tell me if you still think this is the best up vote animation.
ill have to up vote this to see
wut

Same as a few days ago for me,just the orange bolt and the text. What animation?
Well played...
im upvoting everything just to see the animation

I gotta see my upvote animation
  
Ninja Edit:So...you guys like stuff?I sure do!
Baj is awesome!
OP is a genius.
sorry, /r/dogecoin's is better
Another test comment. Please ignore again. Except for that one person who's gonna tell me what it says because I'm on mobile. 
this thread = Free Karma :P 
Minecon: Vintagebeef, Pause, BTC and my Wife say hi!

So much hype for Beefie, but hey look, Guudes wife!
Wow. Beef looked crazy nervous. He shouldn't be. He is a great piece of beef.
Wow he sounds exactly like I thought he would sound.
OP just won the Karma jackpot. 
Sexy Beef! 

**Edit:** Although I wonder if he brought an apron and a cleaver with him...
Awesome! I totally thought Guude was gonna troll us, if only based on the way he introduced everyone. Beef's facial shape kinda reminds me of Doc, but that may be just the baseball cap :P

P.S: Go Blue Jays!
[deleted]
Holy fuck Beef is sexy. 
Legs confirmed.
Poor Beef looks so nervous, lol. That must've been the weirdest moment ever... But brother, you look good!
beef is confirmed to be cute as heck we can continue our lives now  
^^[SCREAMS ^^SILENTLY]  
Can't wait for the First Team Nancy Drew Picture!
Beef could get it.

Also, Wife Boulderfist is a pretty lady.
http://i.imgur.com/N8sZrXa.gif
Beef is adorable. But can we just take a minute and acknowledge how freaking pretty Mrs. Boulderfist is? I mean... Dang she's pretty. 
...But that crotch though.
[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuLrku6bQAY&t=1m10s) to the correct time (if you really are in a hurry). Also, here are pictures of [his face](http://i.imgur.com/0E8DOmz.png) and [his legs](http://i.imgur.com/wqdBVmc.png), if you can't access YouTube for some reason.
He looks... Mediterranean
BEEF LOOKS EVEN BETTER THAN HE DID IN MY HEAD OMG
Not going to lie, I am dissapointed by the lack of blood stained apron, and I expected him to be a bit more blocky.
Okay, So I never realized this until just this second, but Beef looks SOO much like this [painting of Avidya!](http://i.imgur.com/C3ccKXm.jpg)
So much Beef right now. He makes me happy.
Aww. He looks so nervous. Do not worry, Beef. You look fine. Right now everyone is hyped, but I'm sure it will die down in the next couple of days.
:)
Can't believe how excited I am about seeing a bearded man. But ohh, such a handsome fellow!
History has just been made.
He is pretty good looking, if I do say so myself.
That is one attractive man.

(No one cares about anyone else in the video but Beef.)
[deleted]
His voice doesn't match his face at all. But he looks cool, kinda like Avidya.
Beef looks awesome, his beard is amazing
Beef, you are such a great sport.
Thanks for indulging our curiosities.
We can't help it sometimes. It is just human nature.
I wonder if, now that "the secret has been revealed," Beef might start adding facecam to some of his games (where it would be appropriate), or doing vlogs or anything else of that nature.
since seeing Beefs face, I have been walking around with a stupid grin all day. i feel almost complete... almost... eeeethoooo
He looks exactly like I thought he would, but his voice still doesn't match. 

Also he looks surprisingly similar to Avidya.
Majestic as fuck.
Pretty much how I imagined him!
I had the biggest smile, almost a giddy little giggle, ^^^^^and ^^^^^a ^^^^^nerdgasm ^^^^^too! ERMAHGERD IT'S BEEFERS!
Am I the only one who thinks that Beef looks like a white version of Franklin of GTA V. They look soo similair. 
Confirmed... Mindcrackers and Mindcrackers' wives and girlfriends are a very attractive group.
I am happy for Guude, he's got millions of views incoming!
He looks a lot cooler than I thought he would!
Guys, number 17 on hot on r/all on reddit! keep it up!
Wow, he totally looks like his Minecraft skin, except there's no blood.
I thought Guude's wife couldn't show her face because of her job or... something. Was that a lie?
One of the few youtubers that I believe completely matches their voice :D

I'm so hyped right now!!!!
There is a lot of people thinking "That face does NOT match the voice."
But in my opinion it does, I just don't want it to. I imagined Beef as this cute little softy with a beard, but he turned out to be this badass hipster with a beard. In my heart he is still a cute little blue-eyed butcher.

I <3 ya Beefers!
WHAT?! His face isn't square?!
I thought Guude's wife was supposed to be a ninja, you know she exists but only in the shadows.
/r/LadyBoners 
http://imgur.com/D26n9Nk
We are number 40 on /r/all! 
It happened! It finally happened! After years of LPing, Beef has finally shown his face! This is a momentous occasion.
White Franklin
I got goosebumps when I saw his face...
He's a really, cool looking guy!
Well that's that.
He's beautiful. I love him <3
What, WHAT!?

How is it already the Minecon?  I guess I watch much less content than I did before. I had no idea the Minecon was so close.

And Beef, that beard is awesome. 

-from a fellow beard-bro
Beef, you are handsome and awkwardly cute! Gah. Officially my first "Mindcrack crush". :P

And Mrs. GBF is so pretty! <3

Hope they all have an awesome and amazing time at Mindcon/Minecon!
Beef obviously doesn't have the square head I imagined to that voice but he is a handsome fellow!
Man he looks similar to how I expected him, BUT BETTER!
His style is like I expected it to be, laidback casual...
So Beef and Tom Morrello look a lot a like...
D'aww. He was so nervous, gotta love him! Not quite how I had pictured him, to be honest, but still a good looking guy regardless.
Beef is cute.
Beef looks like he could be one of the epic meal time dudes.
Woooooooo beef has legs!

O the face is nice too.
I've seen almost all of their UHC series, beef's FTB series, I go through some of beefs mindcrack series here and there, and I've seen a few of Pause's let's plays, but this is the first I've seen of any of them in real life. Didn't expect pause, and guude has such a contagious laugh. 
I had the the biggest smile on my face for the whole video...
He is freaking adorable ! 
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEF
^*Beef?*
I don't normally watch pause or beef only when they play with etho but seeing then for the first time and I've got to say pause has a sexy voice doesn't fit the face but beef is gorgeous
So, who's left on the "not yet seen" list?
I'm sure this has been said before but, Beef looks extremely Canadian!
Beef is so handsome!
The internet is about to break. ADD MORE RAM.
I JUST SCREAMED 

but in all seriousness, dayum Beef :D
beef is one good lookin guy! 
The voice matched the face perfectly, and he looked a lot like I expected.  
  
But still...DAMN! He's as cute as I expected :)
Everyone, be mesmerized! 
Beef you're a beautiful human being
He's dreeeeeeamy. :)
Who'sa handsome Beefykins? You are! Yes, you are!
I'm just so happy
I was expecting that, sorta. Like I said in another post, I didn't really care much to know what he looked like, but it's always nice. I gotta say though, Beef is not a bad looking guy, he sorta looks like a football player or something, maybe that's just his clothes. 

Edit: ADAM SANDLER! I don't know why but he kinda looked like him for a bit...until not anymore...beef?
its.... beautiful
We were really close on guessing what Beef would look like, but he is far more sexier than we could ever imagine. 
I was hardly hyped as the rest of you guys to see beefs face, but he does look pretty close to as I imagined.  Also poor Beef, he  looks so nervous 
Oh my! Beef looks totally gangsta and super adorable at the same time!)
Was this the first time they all saw his face or have they seen him on like skype before?
Beef looks amazing!

It's REAL!
OH MAI GOD
I always imagined Guude's wife was a brunette.
Omg he looks EXACTLY like what I thought he'd look like!! 
He kind of reminds me of Avidya ... or Billy Mays.
Oh, Beef is so shy, the poor thing! He is incredibly good looking though, there's no doubt about that! 
I...I just
I just don't know man. I'm So happy.
He looks just as I thought he would..
But better.
Beef looks like a bro.
"This video is probably not safe for youtube"
Now we need Etho and team Canada is complete but at the current trend how will etho look?
Beef kinda looks like a black haired Chuck Norris
Man, Beef sure knows how to dress. 
^^^beef?
First thing that comes to mind: Portugese Rapper! You look amazing beef!

My life is complete.
Beef is sexy AF! :D Love you beefy
Wow, that was so funny... 

3/4 of Team Nancy Drew in the same room! We just need Baj for a full set.

His expression when he *almost* let Pause lick his beard reminded me of my (also bearded) brother. He's pretty dinky next to Pause too. :D
OMFG Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeffffffff
Beef?
This just in: VintageBeef is [Jose Bautista's](http://www1.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/Jose+Bautista+Toronto+Blue+Jays+Photo+Day+PWmaSodqkOgl.jpg) brother.
Beef!

I can just imagine Beef walking through the doors of the airport into the welcoming arms of his friends in slowmotion. Of course with [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOFrGbuUqnQ) playing.
He's so cute!
Now we just need to see Etho..

Yes i was against it at one point but now the curiosity is killing me.
[deleted]
God, he is awesome. This moment... will go down in history.
 **718 downvotes WTF!!**
Alright to complete the Team Canada set, Etho will need to step up to the plate XD. (Only kidding, he really does not have to)
ermahgahd

The internet is fucking weird
I feel a tingling sensation down in my nether regions... 
Is it just me, or has Pause gotten... bigger?

Wasn't expecting Beef to be as tall (more like 5'11" maybe), and BTC looks like like a buff version of my 2nd cousin (and he was skinny and buff back in the day).
ETHO YEEEEEEEER NEXT!!!!!
No etho  :(((((
Pause just fed a horse his Notch apple!!!
1000 Dollars gone. [Link](http://youtu.be/xKNU7VXnkUE?t=38s) for those who want to watch it.

EDIT: Boom,  this exploded quickly. 

Context; Pause (Who is on team with Antvenom and Guude) ~~wanted to open the horse inventory.~~ Wanted to ride the horse. But he right clicked the horse with the Notch apple in his hand causing him to feed the horse! Antvenom told him to Shift + Right Click to open the horse inventory. However the horse had already eaten the Notch apple. Which they suddently awkwardly realised. (Thanks to [u/Zylo003](http://www.reddit.com/user/Zylo003) for correcting me.)
[#ForTheHorse](https://Twitter.com/hashtag/ForTheHorse?src=hash)

EDIT2: ANTVENOM FED HIS HORSE AN REGULAR APPLE! [ANTVENON AND GUUDE DIED BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE ~~THEY TOOK OUT CAPTAIN SPARKLEZ IN THE PROGRESS~~ PAUSE KILLED CAPTAIN SPARKLEZ! AND PAUSE GOT ANDERZEL!!!!! PAUSE AND THE CREW (INCLUDING COE) WINS!!!!! (Granted it is not an "Official" UHC.)](/spoiler) (Thanks to [u/4CAMan](http://www.reddit.com/user/4CAMan) for correcting me.)

EDIT3: I'm heading off (Well kinda) but of course you can still [donate](http://www.extra-life.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=donorDrive.participant&participantID=96292) for the Mindcrack marathon!
"well Pause, maybe if you played Minecraft a little more..." - Chad
$1000 horse food
"There is no way that has happened before, no one is that dumb..." -Guude
For those from /r/all

/r/Mindcrack is a subreddit for a group of youtubers, there was a PvP competition where people could donate items for money that went towards charity, PauseUnpause fed a "Notch apple" a $1000 item to a horse, which does nothing.

If you're interested check out http://www.twitch.tv/MindcrackNetwork
#forthehorse
When pause realizes his mistake:
https://www.picflash.org/picture.php?key=TVVTLZ&action=show
*Maybe if you played Minecraft a little more* -Chad

:D
That horse better shit golden nuggets.
NEED GIF
I think we can say that's the most valuable horse in Minecraft.

Edit: #ForTheHorse trending worldwide!
"Well, I'm a king, what else am I supposed to fucking feed my horse?" PauseUnpause 2014
Antvenom: "He just took out a whole team"

Guude: "We should have fed him the Notch Apple"

Pause: "Fuck off"

This is actually a pretty neat group dynamic.
coe finished in first and last simultaneously.
He is NEVER going to hear the end of this XD

I am so glad Guude is there to provide us with the best laughter.
That moment was worth $1000
I wonder what the next prank on the MindCrack server will be...
[Twitch archive for the full reaction (timestamp 3:32:35)](http://www.twitch.tv/pauseunpause/b/568221000?t=3h32m35s)
That was so dumb... yet so hilarious! 
Funniest fuck-up in UHC history.
People are joining the call just to laugh at him. This is great. One of my favorite mindcrack moments ever.
\#60 in /r/all
/r/cringepause will love this.
This was hilariously sad.
He facepalmed soo hard! Haha! Poor Pause.
This is something that Pause will never be able to live down.

Edit: unless he wins regardless...

Also a quote from Guude: "No one else would be that dumb"

Edit 2: Wow! GG Pause. Won it for the horse! 
we are at around 74k$ raised on all pages together
Best $1000 ever spent.
[Thousand Dollar Horse?](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130103021120/spongebob/images/e/e1/115.png)
Forgive me if I'm completely wrong, but why are there no spoilers on most of these UHC posts? I wasn't able to catch it live so I was going to wait until it was uploaded to Youtube to watch it, but posts like this completely spoiled the outcome for me. I'm not really mad I'll still watch it, I'm just curious
So I just stumbled on this subreddit from /r/all.

I just have one question: What the fuck is this place?
We've made the second page on /r/all !!
I bought the apple for pause... you don't know how hard I face palmed when he fed it to his horse, I didn't know if it was funny or if I was angry but I was super happy when he won.
We need a #ForTheHorse flair.
Going to be the stream's best moment
That's one for the highlight reel.
oh my god, funniest thing everrrrrr. im crying laughing 
Best moment in the whole stream! XD
Best moment ever
GG! #forthekids
Best moment ever
Pause makes history, again!
bring on the fan art

It's not gone, it still goes to charity. 
He could actually buy a real horse with that money. This is amazing.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!?!?!
AntVenom just fed a normal one to his too. XD!
Ant just fed his horse a golden apple! Guude, feed your horse something valuable!
We need to turn this into a holiday. Every year on September 13, minecrafters across the world will feed their horses notch apples in memory of Pause's blunder. 
What a game!
This is a little inaccurate. Antvenom and Guude didn't take out CaptainSparklez. He slaughtered them both and then got killed by pause when he went to regen health.
Pause getting up from the chair and walking away after he shot Antvenom was just frosting on the cupcake.
Epic part of UHC history
My brother came in to my room yelling at me to be quiet. 1000$ horse. XDDDD
Oh my god pauseâ€¦

He's so soury XD
#ForTheHorse
Ikr :D
\#forthekids
I am Dying from laughter right now.... It.. Hurts...
this will go down in history. No one's gonna let that go either.
At least he holds a new record for feeding $1000 to a horse in UHC.
This was amazing! Pauses reaction... Guudes laugh. Great Day!
#forthekidsforthehorse
I cannot stop laughing.
The Birth of a new God
Pause is the mole, it was intentional
"Call him Buzz!" - Guude
If I had 1000 dollars to donate, I would have LOVED it if this would have happened xD
Don't worry, Pause! This was really worth it!
This is the greatest thing to ever happen.
This is one of the funniest things I have ever seen in Minecraft. Not just UHC, but Minecraft in general. 
I randomly clicked on his stream because I was wondering what they were doing and witnessed it first hand so glad I did that
\#ForTheHorses
I want to see the face of pause in the moment he realized what he did!
Greatest moment in UHC history hands-down
Seems like the horse is full from that apple since it's that slow
And now a hunt for the man that bought the apple starts
T'was amazing!!
Pause and his apples. I love earlier in the stream he ate a regular apple in reference to another UHC, where he ate an apple for food (instead of saving it for a golden apple). Makes it much better. 
We should make this event the entire subreddit banner.
so glad i was there to see it live
Now Ant fed his horse a regular golden apple, too!
Ant just gave his horse a regular golden apple LOL


Pulling a Pause is now worse than pulling a Beef.
now ant feeds his a normal golden apple, you couldn't write this 
They're "Team I'm a little apple"
POOSE WON!!!!
HE WON! GG!

8/8 m8
Can someone explain to me what a Notch Apple is, and why on earth it's worth $1,000!?
We made it to page 3 of /r/all!!
This was officially epic.
Still won 
[#ForTheHorse](http://i.imgur.com/yGdcfBb.png) (pic) is trending, hahaha! 
Please tell me there's a video of it somewhere? I'm only just back from work :(
This is on page two of Reddit! ITS HAPPENING
#FORTHEHORSE  I cried from laughing so hard. I can't even!
I am so glad I stayed up for this :)
did anybody record this?
Where is our flair!
RIP in pepperoni BlingStallion
Is there a video of this? 

/r/LivestreamFails material here.. 
the moment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e5D3EuLks4
Pause is pro.
Can someone explain to me the deal with the $1,000 apple? I don't play minecraft.  He bought some apple for 1k?
A simple 1-second screw-up by Pause has lost a $1,000 Notch apple, made #ForTheHorse trend worldwide on Twitter, and reached the second page of /r/all. GG. This post, like the potato on a stick post, will become a Mindcrack subreddit landmark. That [face](http://imgur.com/UYb7Yib) he made was priceless as well.
$1000? Is this some UHC where people could donate items?
Thank you mods!!
What is the point of this "Notch Apple" and why/how is it worth 1000$ ? wtf
Upvote for /r/all please,everyone has to know about Pauses mistake
What a nerd!
I don't know what any of this is and I have no idea what's going on
Can someone explain  why an apple was worth $1000?
\#ForTheHorse
hey guys remember that time pause fed a horse a $1000 notch apple?
http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2gbhqp/a_terrible_mistake/
is there a video of this?

i missed it ;-;
I'm from /r/all never played Minecraft, but how does an apple cost 1k? I mean is it hard to mine or something?
Ok... I found this while browsing /r/all and it seems interesting. I've since gotten reasonably Schmidt Ammered and forgot the details of the thread. I then googled "horse apple $1000 reddit" and got this back as my first result. So please someone explain what is going on here....
Thanks for the spoilers, not everyone is able to watch live streams, especially when they're on pretty late. 
\#ForTheHorse
"We need more money #ForTheKids #ForTheHorse"
I'm soo glad I witnessed that first hand.
Best moment so far of the Marathon! :D
"Are you kidding meeee"
Best MindCrack UHC moment ever!!
Superb, just listening to Pause meltdown after he 'Notched the Stallion'. Most expensive glue ever!
Like a lot of people are saying, that was one of the best moments in this stream!

\#forthehorse
This was the most hilarious use. Noone would have even thought about it. Just brilliant :D

(Besides, Pause is OP either way, so it is a good thing, he nerfed himself)
Pause, that should be SethBlings horse, with all that blingy gold!
top 100 in /r/all withing 13 mins

AND HE'S THE SOLE SURVIVOR. WOW.
This has to be an omen for winning. #ForTheHorse

Horse you da real mvp.

Edit: Oh how the mighty have fallen.
Turns out he didn't need it in the end :P
He did it! #ForTheHorse
Congratz Pause
I love Pause, that is now my favourite UHC moment.  
The best part is that it's [trending worldwide](http://i.imgur.com/5Bdqnxn.png), GG Pause GG.
Annnnddddd it's dead haha
RIP horse

:(
#RIP :(
Anderps threw an ender pearl at one heart.
Way to go, poose.
I like his style.
Didn't the apple and the Wither come from the same person?
#ForTheHorse
I thought this UHC would suck with all the donated items, but damn I was wrong. This was the funniest shit I have ever seen. I kinda want donated items for every UHC now...
And then, a legend was born. 

#GodHorse!
[deleted]
I sense a lot of fan art coming from this (hilarious) tragety! XD
To be honest, the guy who gifted it to him probably isn't all that upset. I mean, he shells out $1000 so Pause can gain an advantage and ends up making a viral hashtag phrase and a MindCrack legend.
#forthekids
I'm waiting for the animation at Ant wants!
I hope the minecraft devs make that a thing. Increase the stats of a horse using notch apples.
[A little bit of meme that fits this...](http://kimsufi.takerudavis.net/ifihad1.jpg)
Well thanks for spoiling that for me. I was hoping to watch it later because I have to sleep and work.
Well kids like horses soooo.. $1000 to have a player ride a pixelated horse *Shrug*
[deleted]
Wow, pause just shot ant with the flame bow and almost rage quit. If he would have shot the horse the Internet might explode.
If the next snapshot doesn't add a Indian headdress to any horse that is fed a notch apple I will be very disappointed.
ForTheHorse
#forthehorse
#ForTheHorse was trending worldwide for a short time on twitter!
LOL
#forthehorse
Gr8 M8 8/8
Gifs incoming
#forthehorse
hashtag forthehorse is trending worldwide I'm crying
\#ForTheHorse
#ForTheHorse. GG Pause!
Pearls before swines.
http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Horse#Foods
Pauses notch apple horse > Baj's wheat
Now there NEEDS to be a Minecraft feature based on this.
I'm am so happy I was there to see it.

anybody have the gif of it?

That has to be the highlight of the UHC!
Someone should prank Pause on the Mindcrack server and name a horse *$ 1000* :D
"Just came in to laugh at you pause" -Pyro
This is the most beautiful thing ever happened the history of UHC
Now AntVenom fed his horse a golden apple.
anyone get a screenshot of said spoiled horse?

'Are you kidding me?' 
 They are the new Golden Team.
Highlight?
Still less salty then baj and blue ^^^^^Sorry
LOL. pause's team doesn't deserve the win, imo. They killed 2 players, while anderz's team killer almost 5 intire team, that's 20 players....
Wat
Ant just did the same but with a regular one :/
http://prntscr.com/4mj5m1 Trending worldwide XD
Pause is a brony: confirmed.
For people that have absolutely no idea what the hell is happening here, this reads like a mentally challenged child screaming about things happening at in the imaginary petting zoo in his head.
