A ziplining contraption I created with 1000+ command blocks

The amount of detail you put into this is astounding, well done man
How in the heck, those are the best animations in game I've ever seen, didn't know you could do that type of stuff with command blocks that's insane. Well done!!!
Wait, command blocks meaning this was done in vanilla?
Now how do you get it back
In all the time it took to set up the zip line, you could have just crossed over by foot. But also, you’d lose all the *style*
My computer would deep fry itself within the first two seconds of running that
How did you make the blocks move so smoothly with a bounce also
Why isnt the whole world lagging and the pc on fire ?
My mind doesn’t even know how to get command blocks
Best in-minecraft animations ive ever seen!
That was a blast to watch.
[deleted]
this is incredible, can’t wait to see you hacking worldbank or something in 5-10 years
[deleted]
Practicality: 1/10

Coolness: fucking awesome/10
See you in hot
Jesus Christ. I wanna see the raw amount of command blocks in the background.
Who's ready to fly on a zipline?
I have no coins so here 💎 
Pretend its platinum
Why don’t you solve world hunger while you’re at it
What in the world, man, this is insane
This fits into a block like the tf2 Level three sentry fits into the Engineers tool box
The funny thing is the time this took to set up you would already be over there if you walked
All from a blast furnace
The whole startup sequence is a bit unnecessary ,it takes way too long and kinda makes no sense to actually use. But hell it sure does make it cool, awesome job
This is 100% why minecraft is still the best game
Wow
More of a chairlift than a zip line but still, damn
I feel like walking across would have taken less time
##The Engineer
You could have just bridged across...
That's amazing!
wow thats amazing give this guy upvotes this would of taking him hours
A work of art!
Now this is epic
So 990 for the animation? Looked sweet
We will watch your career with *great interest.*
brother are you fuckin shitting me right now? like my brain cannot comprehend how *fantastic* this is

like i- i don’t even have words?
When you have a little too much time
r/nextfuckinglevel
ill see you in hot, wait u already are
I didn’t know you could achieve such smooth animation with command blocks.
This man be living in the future with his pc mine would be a puddle 3 seconds in
How far does it go?
Holy shut this guy is good
You could start a YouTube channel with these animations, I’ll definitely subscribe!
This is fucking vanilla Minecraft, VANILLA MINECRAFT.
The most upvoted post on r/minecraft pog
congrats on top post in in this sub!
Jesus Christ. When I saw the title, I was like "1000+ command blocks for a zipline?" But god damn, now I see why. Amazing work dude. Not only some of the best Minecraft armour stand animation I've ever seen, but some of the best animation I've seen in general. I had no idea you could get such smooth, bouncy results with armour stands. I'm blown away.
This looks laggy.
So you're just gonna leave that there? Stop littering, you're gonna kill the planet!

/s
wait this isn’t an edit? how the fuck
Who’s ready to fly on a zip line?
Cool
When  I really like a post I'll joke "how do you upvote twice?", but this post is so incredible, two is no where near enough. How do I upvote a thousand times?
How in the world well I know who I want to be my president
TOO COOL!!
This is so amazing I would give an award if I could but I'm poor so instead take my read house
*pew pew pew pew*

Lmao that's gold
That’s absolutely bonkers
My computer would catch fire, wildly impressive, nice work
When you know you have wayyyy to much time on your hands
This game and it's players actually will never stop surprising me, geez!
This is amazing!!
Hey look buddy im an engineer
More like a ski lift. But damn this is crazy
And I just realized you could probably make any game in Minecraft theoretically
Or you could just block over like any sane person would, but hey that works too
Those Are A Lot
Take my upvote
Where does one put 1000+ command blocks?
How do you make blocks move like that and be different sizes?
Wait for it...
Was gonna say there’s a mod for this but this... this is way cooler
Cool but was way too extra
Is this real? This is insane if it is. I’ve never seen anything like this.
OH my god the animation alown is AMAZING! F###!
r/nextlevel
You sir...Are god tier
This looks more like a ski lift than a zip line
The set up reminds me of the Sentry Guns in TF2
# The Engineer
But, but that was a ski lift
Oh my gosh that's amazing!!!
My computer wouldn’t do anything cause I don’t have one.
How long did this take you? 







u/ShrimpySeagull - yes
Everything from the start of the universe has led up to this point. Humanity has peaked. The universe has peaked, we can all rest peacefully now.
I don’t even play Minecraft and that’s one of the coolest things I’ve seen in a while.
Looks more like a ski lift to me!
Chair lift*
Wtf
Reading the title, I thought “that seems a bit excessive” then I watches the video and holy shit that’s incredible
Now this is revolutionary
Can other people use this?
Best command block creation I have ever seen
I think its faster to walk there than wait for the machine to build itself xD
I haven’t played Minecraft in years and this is much different than I remember
Bruh that ain’t a zip line, that’s a full on Ski lift-in-a-block
It would've been shorter had you actually walked the distance yourself
Imagine you’re trying to get away from a creeper and you set this up to escape and have to wait for it to build up
[deleted]
Yeah okay Pâthfíñdër
God damn dude thats cool. I also love that rope throw.
Well this just seems absurd, theres no way it took 1000 *plus* command blocks to program a zipline, i can understand ten, maybe like 30 to make it smooth but—

Oh..

**Ohh...**

Well i stand corrected.
More of a ski lift than a zipline but awesome nonetheless!
This is a ski lift. Not a zip line.
Oh that’s cool. Oh. Oh it keeps going... I think it’s done. Oh wait there’s more
Looks more like a ski lift to me. amazing either way
Isn't this a chairlift rather than a zipline
99% of it is animated
How do shitty posts about politics get argentium but this King who puts time and effort into what he does gets only platinum? We truly live in a society.
u/gifreversingbot
Someone make this a data pack!
Didn’t realise there was more Halo Infinite footage.
It looks better than any animation I've seen holy cow
Can you show us the command block code pls
yeah i think ill just build across
The way it just unfolds makes me feel good inside
Rightfully deserves 45+ rewards
Epic just epic.
That is amazing. Great job
That was the greatest thing I've ever seen with command blocks (Except maybe the guy who literally made pokemon red and blue that was epic)! Those animations are just beautiful. I wish you a great journey in command block learning. Imagine what you'll do in the future? I'm gonna follow you HEHE
I'm amazed at how smooth it was, really expected jaggy piston movements
Bruh I can’t even spawn tnt with a command block and your able to make a zip line
Really well done but no “zip” and no “line” either. 

Seriously enjoyed this tho.
İts like Transformers
Skywar bridging in 2077
I am failing to understand why so many people think this would crash their game or their PC.. It's sick - but not laggy.
Thats very cool and impressive but i think it would be quicker to just bridge over and later make a nice bridge
Meanwhile I'm here wondering why my /spreadplayers doesn't work.
Wow man , is this real time or edited ?
Holy crap its the best animation ever
This animation is way too smooth for Minecraft, I'm impressed... great job!
Since your obviously so talented, could you make an iron man datapack
Jesus christ bro, is your name Galileo lol?
You’re a God to me now.
My brain doesn't know what just happened,  take upvote you magician
Holy fucking shit man... I'm not even gonna say much this is just plain incredible. How anyone can do something like this, I don't know but it is fucking awesome. I bow before your greatness.
Get ready, it’s zipline time!
Imagine taking this mf out in bedwars
That thing deployed like one of Engineer's buildings in TF2, which is why this is so satisfying to watch.
Just imagine the amount of lag that cool thing would give to my potato laptop. But still. I thougth this was impossible.
You deserve every upvote and reward
And somehow its still faster to run to the other side
Snob :)
u/vredditdownloader
So much awards?!
OP how long did this take?
Not even Microsoft...
What a flex.
Hot damn! This is really impressive! And oddly satisfying too.
I mean its amazingly well done but why?
I refuse to believe this is vanilla minecraft
100k upvotes in 12 hours. Great job!
Never seen a post with this many upvotes, good work!
Are you bulding a fucking sentry with all those animations?
One of the most impressive things that I've ever seen.
*laughs in datapacks*
This so satisfying I’ve watched it like 1000 times
I mean, all the mobs I was running from caught me an hour ago, but the good news is that when I got back to all my stuff, it was finished! 

10/10 would do it again.
Not that’s some impressive shit my guy. GG! I would award ya if I had any gold but I don’t so take this instead 🥇
Im literally speachless and also r/nextfuckinglevel
this was entirely made with vanilla command functionality?
This is not the Minecraft I remember, incredible..
Only 84 rewards?!?!
I like how you didn’t have to do so many steps for it to set up and you could have just used a fishing rod but you chose the more detailed one
WHERE CAN I DOWNLOAD THIS?!
Who ready to fly on a zip line? I am!
Holy shit, the animations are incredible! Butter smooth!
*mouth open entire video, also while typing this*
Was going to ask you how you had the time to produce such a feat but then I remembered.
Wow
Is this even minecraft!
Who's ready to fly onna zipline?  I am!
So much incredible detail. Amazing.
Who’s ready to fly on a zipline, I am!
before i watched i was thinking it cant be that complicated to zipline

WHAT IN THE HELLSPAWN BEHEMOTH FLYING MOTHER FUCK DUDE in all my years in this niche community I have never seen such high quality animations using commands. You deserve everything good.
And within 18 hours this is the third most upvoted post, and probably going to be no. 1 soon
Bruh, amazing
I'm still having trouble believing this is really in the game and not just an animation.
4 platinum awards thats the most i have seen ever

but they are well deserved
Me, a vanilla player.. w-what.. 🤯...
This is awesome! I have one question, is this an animation or is it real? If it's real how did you get the blocks to move smoothly in between coordinates? Or how were the blocks to be rotated slightly. If this is a mod, which one is it it's neat! Either way, this is still awesome!
all that for a drop of blood
Meet The Engineer
How has this only got five platinums
This is amazing, I'm just so confused in what commands you used I've never seen something like this. 🤩
Is this real?
Did you make this movable or did you set it up for that exact spot?
I’ll just build a dirt bridge!

This guy: hold my double enchanted netherite sword... 

This appears
POV: you sorted by top all time, sorted this post comments by new, and saw me
Woah, best animation I've ever seen.

Zipilines would be really cool, I wish they exist some day...
"1000+ commands for a zip line? What do you me-- *sees blast furnace transforms* oh"
“WHO’S READY TO FLY ON A ZIPLINE?!?!? I AM! :)”
That’s like Iron Man nanotech right there. Well done 👍
**I'm ready to ride on a zipline!**
Ik we shouldn't use emojis but I'll give you a poor man's medal 🏅
Wow. At first I thought "Howcan it take 1000 command blocks? Ziplines are just glorifiedgrappling hooks", but that thought faded with each passing second.
Who's ready for a zipline? I am!
Unpopular opinion, and not to disparage the admittedly brilliant effort put in, but this proves that over engineering something is possible, even in mine craft.
*dufenschmirtz*

Yess Perry, ze ZIPLINATOR!!
BEHOLD MY ZIPLINING-INATOR PERRY THE PLATYPUS
Its zipline time!
Who's ready to fly on a zipline? **I am!**
Holy mackerol, seriously impressive!!
OP: Zipline!

Me: Thats a god damn transformer.
Ight, I'mma repost this on r/nextfuckinglevel



If that ok with you
Mumbo jumbo would like to know your location
Sir I think your blast furnace is broken
zipline goin' up!
Can it retract, for other people who want to use the zipline, or would that be another 1000 command blocks?
I mean... would have been quicker to just walk over, right?
Me: thinks blocks will stop coming out and that the zip line isn’t detailed

The zip line: ANOTHER ONE
*travels 28 blocks*, "totally worth it
Takes longer to set that thing up than cross the mountains without it...but good design!
Dude the animation's so smooth what the heck, does it work anywhere or just on that specific terrain?
This is outstanding, keep up the good work
I can see how most of the command blocks were used
This is actually amazing, let’s all take a moment to recognize how much effort was put into this
[removed]
That’s awesome
Screw it, ill just walk across
That was awesome, those animatioins were super smooth too.

Nice job!
This is one of the best things on this subreddit. Get this to front page.
This might be, and I'm not just saying that, the awsomest thing I Ever saw in minecraft
EXCUSE ME THIS IS SO GOOD?
I can’t even comprehend what I just saw
This might be the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen. Right on!
The secret ingredient is *armor stands*
Perfection
This is one of the best command block creations I’ve ever seen
this was better than the last transformer movie
"1000 command blocks? I've seen people do it in five comm- *what the fuuuuuuuu*
Phineas and Ferb kind of fuckery
That looks so good!!
Me: yes! My redstone door works!

This guy: i’ve created a portal gun using command blocks
Sentry going up
And when you think it can’t get any better, you add even more animation!
This is incredible, I thought I’ve seen everything in Minecraft, but people like you still amaze me.
What in the world. Your telling me this isn’t animation?
Pathfinder oversimplified
You could've just made it appear, but nope! You went with the slow, convoluted, building-up route. Makes it look absolutely awesome.
My PS4 would explode and cause more damage than heroshima
sentry goin up!

^(btw i awarded)
Minecraft pathfinder?
That’s really impressive!
It's amazing, but I think it deploys a too slow to be practical in survival.

Also, does the "rope" have actual physics, or is it pre- animated?
Every boomer: Minecraft can’t make you coo-
God *damn*

That's super impressive!
How is the animation of the construction so fluid!?!?!
Eh, could use more M E T A L  S O U N D S.  


No, but seriously really amazing work!
This is why command blocks are single-handedly the most impressive block in the game. They can practically make mods.
Can u use it anywhere? I'm guessing probably not but it's incredible in the first place so I woukdnt be suprised!
The steepest walkable staircase possible in 1.16

This is really slick! I'd be curious to know how sprinting affects it though. Do you go faster, or slower even?
[deleted]
You can make a 4 block/step staircase: [https://imgur.com/a/ncrxmdu](https://imgur.com/a/ncrxmdu)
At first I was like “yeah ok that’s cool, but it’s so short it’s not practical” then he made the second one... wow, super cool and fast
"I've searched quite a while, & I think I'm the first to discover this. if nobody else has ever made this design, start calling it the qwublington staircase that's q-w-u always wanted something to name after me". just in case anyone trying to pause it
That's a pretty cool staircase design. We could call it the Qwuiblington staircase?
That’s crazy cool
Imagine being able to just eat the left side of your stairs.
Yeah, the stairs are cool, but is nobody gonna talk about that birch tree transition
I’m going to use this in my survival base for no reason
Staircase to heaven 2.0
[oh yea & it works downwards just as well](https://youtu.be/fPCQppoOXkk)
QWUIBLINGTON STAIRCASE
im more impressed by the tree transition
That escalated quickly
This is awesome, and so was that transition
You’re one step ahead of everyone
Has science gone too far?
woudnt a cake ladder be better?
Nice transition with the birch tree
How fast is a horse on this, is it faster than a cake elevator? I like this, it's small yet very effective!
The text on the signs says.

Sign 1: "I've searched for quite awhile, & I think i'm the first to discover this"

Sign 2: "if nobody else has ever made this design, start calling it the"

Sign 3:" Qwuiblington Staircase"

Sign 4: "that's Q-W-U. always wanted something named after me"
This reminds me of the steepest stair possible in counter-strike.

[For the curious.](https://youtu.be/qpeDBPPn0I0?t=101)
This is what happens when you let engineers buy minecraft
Can you walk it downwards?
That cake going to be nasty
If you swap the positions of the trapdoor and cake, you get rid of the glass pane and make it only take 5 blocks/"step"
I have one word for you. [Boats.](https://youtu.be/sqKWNVvi5Dg)
That transition tho
How many times do i need to eat the cake? 5?
Ok, the Qwuiblington Staircase is definitely fckin' cool.

PS pause and read the signs at the end of the video. It's a good name for it.
The Qwuiblington staircase it shall be!
Thats a lot of cake to eat
nobody’s talking about the tree transition
That’s practically flying!!
Epic
That's a lot of cake to eat
Yes because I have time to make like 800 cakes.
That transition tho
Stairway to heaven
Is it faster than ladders? I haven’t played in a while so I’ve forgotten how fast they are
I really wanna give you a cake award because I have not seen a more practical use of cake since YEARS ago, when it could only go up like 8 steps. Bravo my dude.
That escalated quickly
Hmm yes the stairs here seem to be made put of *not stair*
Instead of the most useless staircase this is the most effective staircase
thank you qwuiblington very cool. i look forward to seeing what you come up with next!
Imagine trolling this guy by eating the rest of the cake.
You must like bitch since you made the signs and the trapdoors birch also cool skin dude
# beautiful
Just whatever you do, don’t right click the stairs while hungry
I’ve searched for quite a while and I think I’m the first to discover this if nobody else has made this design start calling it the qwuiblingtom stair case. That’s Q-W-U. I always wanted something named after me. )By the way that’s what the signs at the end says. have a good day) <3
On that last part I really hope you didn’t spend all that time making it by hand..... right?
That transition was super smooth, best part of the vid for me lol
So do you have to use only those blocks or could you test others?
Inqwuibable
That tree transition isn't getting the appreciation it deserves
Horses in skyrim be like :
That escalated quickly.
All hail the Qwuiblington staircase!
Your a wizard u/nowitscleanandheavy
I could totally see myself using this for one block deep staircases.
I need to see this with speed beacon.
Is this steeper than a just cake staircase? Either way, this is very unique and smart!
/u/vreddit_bot
The Qwuiblington Staircase
The Qwuiblington staircase is the best in Minecraft.

Edit: spelling

Always follow the reddiquette.
The ‘w’ is superfluous to the pronunciation, for anyone who is having difficulty.
Oh ya... That's the Qwuiblington staircase!
Holy crap that's just brilliant!
Holy crap
wait until you hear about ladders
Rare colorized video of my grandfather's walk to school
The Qwuiblington Staircase, I like it!
Nah a wall of cake is 9 blocks tall to move 1 over
Words on the signs: I’ve searched for quite a while. & I think I’m the the first to discover this if nobody else has ever made this design, start calling it the Qwubilington Staircase that’s Q-W-U always wanted something named after me.
ibxtoycat made a video on the least efficient staircase. This guy made one for the most efficient one
It’s all good till you eat the cake by an accident
what about different layers of cake?
guys, i think we should call this the “Qwuiblington staircase”. it seems like a fitting name.
do not question

the ***E L E V A T E D O N E***
I can feel my legs burning from it
You didn't need to do that sweet transition but you did
Ever heard of ladders
Am I the only one that saw a cross as he fell or qhat?
That's amazing bro
That seamless transition is magnifecent
if the bell hitbox was a TINY bit lower in mc bedrock this would work...
Can I call them Qwu stairs your name is VERY hard to memorize
Gear Qwuiblington stair! I think is original!!
Dream on his next video: I saw it on reddit
Smooth transition with the birch tree
my heart dropped when he jumped down
Is this really steeper than with cakes?
Wait, that's illegal.
When you have nothing better to do, so you create stairs out of random objects
that was a clean transition!
You was defeated I think
The staircase is very interesting and has a lot of potential.
But that transition with the birch tree oh my god
Wait till you hear about ladders!
sorry to be a party crasher but theres a steeper one: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAWH6plDWz0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAWH6plDWz0)
That is simply amazing.
If you could do that in real life :O
I'm saving this post for... reasons.
It reminds me of those old horse ladders people made back in 1.6/1.7...those were the days!
This is amazing
Nice stairs boi
wtf
This is the content I live for
Nowits' Stairs
Also the most expensive.
And that is what you call "Cakeway to Heaven"!
What the fuck take my upvote
WHAT THE FUCK
Don’t fall
[deleted]
That snail is fast
Well I guess I don't need to worry about piston elevators anymore.
Oww mah gawd
I laughed so hard, gonna use this for sure
It's all fun and games until u go down the stairs too fast
wow
It's ugly, but it works for me haha
Whoa how did he found this out???
plot twist: hes flying
this is hecka cool
sprint it.
So that's the stairway to heaven!
Now that's satisfying
Yo wtf
Thats actually decenttly fast way to go upwards
not really easy to craft tho. Can you even craft a bell? i thought we mostly bought them from villagers
Now walk down!
Making this is a peace of cake
Damn straight up
XD
And if u eat the cake then ur screwed
Minecraft. The game where cake can be used for stairs.
I love qwuiblington staircases!
Dude that is amazing
Pog
now do it with a horse
Usually minecraft stuff aren't to interesting anymore but this is genuinely amazing to me.
Banned from server 
Reason: fly hack
this is like something straight out of the source engine
Just wow.
I need this
Big pp energy
Think about going up that staircase with a horse. Damn you could go from bedrock to the built limit in just a few seconds.
So I'm testing it and I'm seeing an issue with it that was hard to see in the video. The staircase can only point one direction due to how the game orients cakes for consumption. And make sure the bell is attached to the side else the space between it and the glass pane is too big.
lmfao why
That's amazing
Qwuiblington staircases aren't what they used to be
Cake meta
Quicker than an actual staircase
My friends are gonna see this in my world and think I’m insane
To quote from that heavy is dead video: "But whyyy"
This could Be used for a secret base if you had a mod to walk through blocks and just put this underneath the enterance.
How many blocks long is the second one? And how high does it go?
Wanna see some real speeed
On survival one bell is about 34 emeralds. 

Most expensive stairs ever. 

(Still cool though)
That's the steepest possible ever, since it's only 1 block
Qwuiblington Staircase time!
Y isn’t this loading
I tested this out and it didn’t work for me
How the hell do people come up with this stuff yet it took me a day to make my own flying machine
"He's to powerful to be kept alive!" I thought before he actually jumped to his death.
ａｓｃｅｎｄｉｇ
Cool
Ladders are overrated
Nice but this has been done before and it's been named the Qwuiblington Staircase
Wait, are bells only half a block tall then?
This is some black magic trickery
The steepest and fastest
That transition was the best part about this
Nice Sneaky transition, it took me a sec to realize how the stair tower got there
your going to to get ultimate diabetes after eating that much cake XD
Anyone read the signs at the end?
Could anyone catch how many slices of cake op ate?
Does anyone know if this is duplicatable on bedrock with the same effect?
Make it all one block wide and use a horse for better results
I don't agree with the physics behind this. I would go so far as to say that you're a Demon Lord from another world
I don’t play Minecraft and google isn’t helping me at all here, so, what the hell does Qwuiblington mean? Where’d it come from? I need answers.
The qwuiblingtion staircase, that's neat
Beans
This is the staircase to the attic
I feel like cakes can still do the same

Edit just watches the full vid and that’s a steep bit for being 2x6
finally some good freaking stairs
I've always adored when stupid, unexpected stuff is used in practical and useful ways you didn't even think it could be used for. Who'd think a slab, a chest, a bell, a glass pane, a cake, and a trapdoor could be used as a staircase, and not only that, be more effective than the stair blocks?
Dream be like: write that down!
So are we all calling this the Owublignton staircase? It's hard to read the signs at the end on mobile...
Some say he’s still climbing to this day
That momentum though! And he just walks up there like noones business. Wth! I love this! Very interesting design, I make sure to use that someday   :D
That last dying part was so trippy 🤯
missed opportunity to have one of the signs at the end say "we're no strangers to love"
are you able to go down the same way?
Comment
Qwuiblington is such a good name and I think that staircase would be honored to have your name
Sprint, how fast?
you got it, Qwuiblington.
Seriously you people that play minecraft for so long and have the time to do so and make these wacky inventions puts me in aw
[*Baby's building a tower into space*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUStzbORyLg)
It's called a ladder
At some point wouldn't you just use a ladder?
I think it needs a name, but can't think of anything unique
This is the Quiblington Staircase. Designed by the one and only Quiblington.
*cries in ladder*
Damn you really had to eat -42134 divided by 2- cakes for this
I love that this community figures stuff like this out
Kowalski, analysis
So do you go forward one block for every 3 blocks you go up? Or is my math really bad? Help! Please, I'm dumb :'(

Might be good in the nether tbh
Can hostile mobs walk up these stairs too?
I remember a really old video (I think it was by sethbling) where he showed a even steeper one
The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.
Well you can also use a ladder
Wow is that the world famous Qwublington staircase?! Probably the best staircase design ive ever seen
*There's a lady, who's sure, all that glitters is gold...*
No one gonna mention that slick af cut to the second staircase? That was some Jotaro getting in his car level shit.
So weird and so cool, I’d never figure that kind of stuff out. I love it!
Fuck, anybody else immediately see the second staircase and get tingles?   


And also tingles when he immediately went off the ledge.   


Wtf is it?
200iq
That’s transition was on point
Everyone knows about this! It’s just the normal Qwuiblington staircase! You didn’t even change it from that design. (Not like you could, it’s perfect in every way)
Wait wait wait, how tf did you even find out about that, like bruhhh this shit is cool af
Ladder
i was gonna say “isn’t this the same efficiency as a cake staircase?”, but no it’s not, because with cakes you need to jump, this one is walkable

otherwise though, they go the same height vertically right?
Stop walking on my cake!!!!!!
That's not polite
I made a texture pack that gives mobs different facial expressions. Should I keep going?

Tfw you're running away from mobs but you gotta turn around because they got these dope facial expressions.
That's awesome!

The villager raising one eyebrow then having the shifty eyes was my favorite, fits their personality perfectly!
Maybe for the drowned you could have a bubble come out of their mouth?
here is a download link if you want to see some more mobs:  [https://mcresourcepack.com/animated-mobs-resource-pack/](https://mcresourcepack.com/animated-mobs-resource-pack/)   
please let me know if you have any suggestions, I will try to implement everything!!
Impressive! That would make Minecraft a bit more alive
Please go on!!! It's very coool!!
Looks awesome, but do spiders blink?
I love the villager showing signs that they're looking around for danger nearby, love it
Dude this looks amazing you have to keep going its awsome
this is actually the fucking coolest thing ever  


please continue adding more stuff to this i love this so much
see you on front page, my guy
Looks dope! Keep going at it!
Please keep going
AMAZING
I think the creeper should be left alone because its more unnerving when they emotionlessly by pass like 5 iron golems and a crowd of villagers that all seem to unaware of its existence just to get to you when you're in a chest lol. Everything else is great.
Dude that’s awesome keep going do skeletons next
Keep going this looks amazing. I want to see what others you make
FYI, spiders can't close their eyes. They don't have eyelids.

Other than that, it looks really dope
yes definitely
dude this should be in vanilla minecraft this is dope
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Its pretty cool but also scary.
 Are you planning for launch it for Bedrock too? I would love it! Watching a creeper angry about to explode would be amazing.

Also, this fits so well with the new update in Bedrock, now players blink now.
#MAKE THE GHAST UWU
Hell yeah you should keep going. This is so cool!
I didn’t know I really wanted this until now. Great Job!!!
Thats so nice, especially the blinking
That's really cool.
The only fault IN MY OPINION is that the spider blinking doesn't really work because spiders don't have eye lids
But hey since when is Minecraft realistic😂
I love this! It adds so much more life to the mobs. I would absolutely love to see a completed version of this! Also, if it were a mod you could add even more expressions. For example when a villager has a successful sale or you could have it set up so  the mobs eyes would actually look at you. Just some ideas. P.s. have a great day, and please don't over-work yourself. :)
Yes absolutely
Hell yes!
Looks amazing keep going.
YES
Literally all I want from this pack, is for it to be on the bedrock marketplace
Yeah man...

especially the villager i like those eyebrows being one but also being two at the same time.
Java or Bedrock?
Please DM me when you release it
This is cool
Yes this is amazing
this is seriously awesome, please keep working on it!
That's sick, keep going !
Please do. I really want this
MORE
yes, continue
Keep going dude, this pack is awesome, i'd be glad to share it to others and to download it.
Keeep goooiiing
Please make more of this
Yes!
Yes
Yesss
You should. Especially the villager. Then we can make Villager News in Minecraft.
Wow, are those really idle animations ? Because if so, it's awesome. It makes mobs so much more alive, and I didn't know I needed that before seeing it. I might feel a horrible emptiness when playing Minecraft without it now
Very cool I just don’t really like the red eyes on the creeper
Suggestion for the spider, have the eyes blink horizontally
Do spiders blink?
reminds me of story mode
wow these are awesome, are you able to sync them with mob sounds at all?
they have to make this a feature in the game
That looks so good! Keep up the great work!
Did you do ones for animals yet?
YES
Hot.
Definitely! Those are adorable!
Umyeah
Ghast eyes are terrifying, and thats good
Its awesome
That's awesome. Great work Buddy. Please keep going. I don't play Minecraft on PC but it really looks great.
That was epic




(That means keep going)
Yes! You could also give the creeper red eyes just before it explodes
Holy shit yes this is amazing
Dude awesome!!!!
Amazing! I'd love to download it as one of my "vannilla improving" texture packs
I love it! i especially like the spider animation where it moves it's mandibles, particularly creepy
Yes, keep going
Yes please keep on going!
Why hasn't mojang made this an actual feature it would be cool
100% keep going. This is one of the rare things where you wonder why it wasn’t added sooner
wait? how even? this is so damn good!! should be game default. Is it compatible with 1.12.2 and above?
YES that shit looks so fucking awesome i would always have that on in game
Totally,this is the coolest texture pack I've seen
why mojang didnt hire you yet?
i dont know why but i found the zombie blinking kind of adorable
Mojang needs to hire you dude, I especially like the ghast animation, it’s perfect for before he fires a fireball almost for a extra indicator other than the scream for you to run!
Asowme
Please make available for bedrock. I love it keep doing it. You're great.
This is so cool! 100% keep going!
Yeees! It's awesome
Yes!
That is really cool!! Keep going!
Yes!!! They look amazing and looks like something mojang would design themselves, it really fits the mobs! Is there anyway I could download it (for bedrock)?
yessss! it makes the world feel more alive
Is the zombie one synked with the sound?
at this rate, with mojang giving steve and alex blinking animations, they should hire you, cause damn you do a good job
YES
Angry creeper eyeslook epic bro
If you won't, I will be sad
Yes please
1000 times yes, please
Yas
This is amazing! You definitely should keep going and maybe add even more variation to these mobs, I especially like the villager
Shit thats cool man
Yes. That's awsome.
Yes
Absolutely, great job
Yes
MOORE
This is awesome! Definitely keep going!
Yes! I was sceptical about the creeper but the zombie and the villager were so cute!
CONTINUE THIS PLEASE. i would give silver or gold but im poor :c
hell yea you should
Yeah I love it
damn so good,i want it
Yes please!! 

These make the mobs feel so much more lively and real! Mojang, please take notes
Yes 100% yes
Yes
Wow, this is super cool! I would totally download this!
Definitely!
I love it!
Yes! That’s awesome!
I didn't know texture packs can do this lol
THIS LOOKS INCREDIBLE!
That's really cool
Yes
I never knew how much I needed this until I saw it. This is the kind of stuff that no one thinks about at first. But if you think about it, this kind of little details are what makes an open world game awsome. Mojang should take inspiration from the community.
I LOVE THIS

Pls Mojang, you need to add something like this
This is absolutely amazing! Although I have a suggestion: If you could just make the spider blink eye by eye if you know what I mean. Or some eyes blink first, then the rest. Idk just thought it would look great.
You should make the spiders eves blink at diffrent times
Do bats
Yes
i'll take your entire stock
I love this soo much! Please keep going!
This is amazing
This is great
This wlould be a pretty nice detail to the gaem 

Keep doing it and we all will be blessed
Microsoft - give this dude a phat stack and make this part of the official game. Too cool!
That's so cool, brings new life into these mobs. Reminds me of og DOOM and how they moved and looked.
This is awesome! Looks like it would fit great in vanilla Minecraft.
Please continue this, I would download this in a heartbeat.
This needs to be added to the original game - no joke
#>!THIS IS AWESOME!!! !<
Bruh don’t stop, this is amazing. I’d possibly even want this as an optional vanilla feature tbh
Yes keep it up
Oh fuck, I've been looking at spiders wrong for the past 10 years. It's not a smiely face.
Why isn’t this a thing in the game
It will be available for bedrock?
That villager is a masterpiece
Please keep going. Don't stop.
That's awesome! Only one nitpick, spiders don't blink. Ik, I'm a nerd
yes
It would be awesome to have the spider blink it's eyes one at a time in a row almost like a wave instead of all at the same time
This is probably my favorite mod I’ve ever seen! It’s crazy how such a small change makes a big difference. 

Good work!
Make the ghast cry red tears
I'll take you're entire stock
Idk if spiders should blink but this is awesome!
Zombie in daylight be like:B R U H
Villagers be like 🤨
Yes, because this is dope
Fantastic
I would love this done for every mob. That would be crazy!
this looks like a 2012 minecraft parody that i grew up with, and yes, keep going
Wtf the spider blinking. Spiders don't blink. No arthropod does.
Yes yes yes
Mojang hire this legend
If this doesn't get full vanilla implementation, Mojang need to have a word.
It's crazy how Mojang couldn't even make this a part of the game in 10 fucking years.
Isn’t that a data pack or how do you match it with their behavior?
Yes.
Absolutely!
Heck yes keep going? Is there a version ready to download?
Keep going? You should ALWAYS keep going and never EVER stop.
It’s really cool, definitely continue. I’m interested how the Ender Dragon would look like.
Yes. Fuck yes. All of the yes.
yes please do
You should keep going. And we should contact Minecraft so they can add your texture pack to the actual game! Btw when it’s finished, where can I purchase it?
Keep going!
YES. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED!
Based on the 83k upvotes, yes.
Yo you should really do more. A lot more. You are really talented.
Very cool, but spiders can't close their eyes in real life. At all.
Makes me want ghasts to need to sleep. Possibly grounded so you can sneak up on them. Make them drop more things than just the tear and get a little more of a chance of a drop on a ghast killed in its sleep.
Lovely stuff! Spiders can't actually close their eyes tho, so maybe something like a dimming of the red color and then it getting brighter again would work better?
Honestly this makes me so mad.

Why the fuck is this not already in the game? Why is Microsoft/Mojang so underfunded that Minecraft isn’t as great as it should be? Your mod is fantastic my friend and I hope they give you a job or something.
YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYESYEYSYESYES

Because this way we all know, when a mob is angry. And it would be very helpful.
U have to continue this this is amazing
Please keep going, but Spiders can’t blink. Well they‘re also not that big, so...
I don't know if spiders blinking their eyes make sense, but great idea overall.
Not sure if spiders can blink
Oh my god. Mojang should hire you to officially add these in. These are amazing.
All this time I thought the black lines on top of the spiders head were it’s eyes
Why can I only upvote once?
Minecraft needs something like this.
What would the shulker, wither and the ender dragon look like?
yes continue or send it to mojang they will put this in game maybe
I'd frick a creeper if it looked at me like that.
I’m pretty sure 24 awards and 100k upvotes speaks for itself
Well this seems like something that should have been in the game years ago!
They need to add this into the game officially! This is amazing!!
Over 100,000 upvotes says you should!
Do spiders blink?
Please give the ghast a rare UwU face, makes sense with the damn noises it makes.
Yes I love this, take my upvote
I want to do things like this and get reddit karma and reputation but I'm just  a wee lad with no art skills or coding skills
Yes
I love it!!!
This is cool
Make villagers close their dang eyes when they sleep
Where I can download it.
Vsauce Michael here
THIS GOT STOLEN FROM SOME FUCKER ON INSTAGRAM AND IS TAKING CREDIT FOR YOURE WORK
Make the villager wiggle his nose
Make vertical slabs instead
Would be cool if it worked with texture packs like Dokucraft and Sphax :P
This scares me because they’re supposed to have static faces
Whatever you do u/leckaschmecka , keep doing it it's attracting the redditors
It fits in with the weird blinking shit in the new character customization thing
The ghast was a little weird. I would’ve preferred if there was a transition with the attack animation instead but I’m probably the minority. Good work though. Keep going!
Y E S
YESS THAT IS SO COOL
This is really amazing! You have to finish this!
That's so cool! Keep going, and can you upload it and give out the link if you do? I'd really love this!
(also Java or Bedrock?)
Yes please do I need this in my game
yesyesyes
Yess
Why is this not a feature already?
That's realy cool, where can we download this?

Edit:nvm found it
YES
PLEASE KEEP GOING THIS IS AWESOME
Yes
This is so good. Please keep going!
Fuck yes
They just need to add this to the game, id call this an essential animation because my god. I love the zombie
This really should be in default Minecraft. Nice.
This is so cool! What’s the link?
I need this
Yes
This is si cool
YES, KEEP GOING PLEAAASE
...im so sad that i play on ps4... Thats fucking amazing, honestly should be in the game by default
My favorite is the villager's, it looked so cool!!! Keep going!
Yes, there is no reason in this world you should not! It makes these mobs way more lively
We need a mob update
Thats fucking amazing
yea but i think it looks weird when it's changing fractions of pixels instead of just full ones.

it makes it look smoother but as said it just looks weird
Definitely
My upvote says yes
Keep going also could you link it when your done
yeah,this looks amazing honestly
Yes
Yes
KEEP ON GOING PLZ
Yay, now I hate Ghasts even more!
Keep going. This is one of my favorite texture packs I’ve seen
Keep going, I really love it when mobs become more lively.
this is sick, keep going )
Ghast was my favorite
This looks like the perfect thing to spice up the game without being overwhelming
Y E S
Yes!
Yea def keep goin
Hell ye
Please continue this. I would love to see this be an actual thing to use
This is awesome, especially the ghast imo. And this looks like something from vanilla too
This is amazing.

Please continue

Can you try making the skeletons open their ribs and jaws?
Holy crap that is awesome! Yeah keep up the good work.

~~Is this texture pack available for download?~~

Edit: never mind, you already posted the link in the comment section
Y E S
Boy is it cool.
One word: *y e s*
I love the zombie
That's really cool please keep it up
Yes!, that's awsome. Keep Going💙
The angry creeper is the best thing I've seen all day
Please do more! I'd love to see what you can do to the Illagers and Endermen!
This is actually epic. The animations look really clean
Please keep going. This is just amazing. Even though it may look like a small change, it can make them way cooler!
Fuck yeah
Yes
You should keep going, these facial expressions are awesome.
Keep going
I would get this in a heartbeat, it should be park of the vanilla pack tbh
I love it! Please do continue! It looks amazing so far!
Thats a texture pack? Looks like a mod, awesome job
y e s
Yes
Yes keep going also make the spider eyes not all blink at once make them very close to at once but not at once
This is great. Please make more!
Deffinately. This is awesome!
THE EYEBROW
Please do! This is awesome! In fact Mojang themselves should've considered doing this
Yes, this is fantastic
Carry it on
Epic!!!!
YES. I AM SURPRISED MINECRAFT HASNT DONE SONETHING LIKE THIS ALREADY
Absolutely! It'd make the ender dragon fight that much more satisfying by exploding the dumb look off his face.
Great!
I swear, this was just supposed to be a normal Water Bucket fall video

That’s amazing.  Commands, video editing, or a combination?
This is probably my favorite one so far.
See you on front page
Temple of Notch?
Dear God it's bean ages
I love the perfect loop!
TAKE MY UPVOTE, GOD.
This is a masterpiece!
That Skyblock made me want to play that for the next 14 hours
Pack it up this shit is DONE. Nobody is topping this one. Kind of thankful actually the trend was starting to get old/tired.
This is the first and the last water bucket fall video I upvote.
r/gifsthatkeepongiving
see you, space cowboy
should've gone into a skyrim intro

Edit: thanks OP
Welcome sir to the front page
r/perfectloops
It's like that Interstellar scene when Cooper falls into the fucking tesseract
I can retire now
That’s pretty hot
Well that's minecraft completed, time to shut down all severs.
I was expecting it to turn into Skyrim.
Imma ride this nibba to the front page
Okay, that's a good one. I'm predicting a trending alert soon.
Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover in hist-
The editing in this is insane. Take my orange arrow
This water bucket is the best one i have ever seen
Okay, we've peaked
We have peaked
That's it. The end of the memes. You win.
My head hurts now.
The way it loops perfectly is just so satisfying
I've watched this three times and I still can't comprehend what I just saw, but it looked awesome.
Absolute madlad covered never dig straight down and the temple of notch
I think I watched it loop about 3 times before I actually realized it was looping. This is probably the best one yet. Quick, to the front page!
This is a perfect loop too, nicely done
See you on the front page, Instagram, Facebook, and YouTube. Fantastic post OP, can’t wait for this to blow up!
Skyblock bring back some memories.
I couldn’t stop laughing when you were suddenly flying past sky block
Please let this be a normal water bucket fall video. 

With the Frizz? No way!
Temple of Notch! God it's been a while since I've seen that glorious visage.
[deleted]
I’m from /r/all and never played Minecraft before... can someone explain to me what’s happening
The new inception/Minecraft crossover looks pretty sick
This made me remember the sky blocks days... I feel old.
Nice loop
Whoa, Temple of Notch; that's a throwback.
>#NEVER DIG STRAIGHT DOWN

YOU

SHOULD

HAVE

BOUGHT

A 

SQUIRREL
u/gifreversingbot
r/perfectloops
This is basically Minecraft Nostalgia and I love it.
this is a masterpiece, and if you disagree i will tnt dispenser your house
This is the most meta thing I ever saw here, I can't handle it.
In 4 days this man got 2 platinums, 14 golds, 31 silvers and 95.4K upvotes. Congrats, my guy.
[deleted]
I’m into it
Best one so far
Reeeeee, wait, never mind, front page bois
Riiiide it to the top baby
The water bucket survived lava, nifty
God?
Okay, this is epic.
It can't go any further than this.... right?
Takes you back in time
See you on the front page :)
Am i tripping?
that notch mountain thing was nostalgic
you could get a decent amount of good boi points on r/beamazed
Is he gonna do it again?

\*Notices video started over\*

HOLY MOTHER OF GOD HE DID IT- THE      P E R F E C T L O O P
I do not play Minecraft. That said, this is the best video I’ve seen on Reddit.
Amazing. What a blast of nostalgia to see the Temple of Notch.
temple of notch, so many memories
Crying Notch, the Nostalgia is real
As a person who doesnt play minecraft and this video just appeared on my front page, someone please? 

What did i just witness my head exploded.
Finally something where I expect "heY YOu yOu'Re FInaLLY aWake" and it doesn't actually happen.
71.7k..  
that.. is something...
The sky block cameo was perfect
Dude. In less than 12 hours, you just created the most upvoted post on this subreddit.
I was just waiting for the Skyrim transition
Some people say this is what your avatar sees before deleting .minecraft.
Posted one day ago and it’s already the top post of all time...
The perfect loop doesn't exi-
holy shit the loop
Bro that was so fuKIN LIT!!!!!!!
Amazing editing skills

93.7k upvotes

37k karma
This actually fucking amazing 👏👏👏👏👏
This blew up on twitter and the credited this so I'm here to give an upvote
r/perfectloops
Congratz on being the top poster of all time on this sub
Wow, that's incredible...
Shit I upvote this when it had 2000 up votes damn
AMAZING
Happy cakeday to the person that made this amazing post!
>GOD DAMN! THATS SOME FEATHER FALLING 255 THERE!  
>  
>I KNOW BECAUSE I HAVE USED IT!  
>  
>mate your insane!
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁

From u/yanze03
Congrats on the top post on r/minecraft!!!
I HAVE BEEN FALLING

FOR THIRTY MINUTES
this is one of the best videos on the internet. hands down, the effort in this video my god
Can’t afford gold so take this 🥇🥇🥇
It never ends!
u/spitsoutcereal
gg
should've added the aether as well
I hope I see this on the front page when I wake up in the morning

Honestly this was some really good editing
How are people this ~~good~~ amazing
r/perfectloops
r/perfectloops
fucking....AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn! Thanks for a trip on memory lane :D
Woah......
You have truly gone full circle
The best among the best
This made me feel things i havent felt before
I want your children
Best one yet
I’m very impressed
These have gotten out of Control!
This is why Minecraft is superior
HOW
Congratulations, you beat Minecraft.
This is amazing, hope you’ll get to the front page!
Really cleverly made! Love how it’s on an infinite loop.
One of the best ones yet.
Just when i think it's finished
Fuck yeah, Minecraft!
See you on r/all
What a loop 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽

10/10 would watch loop again
WHAT THE SHIT, MY JAW GENUINELY DROPPED DUDE, PROPS TO YOU WHAT THE F U C J
one upvote = one prayer
Holy shit
Ok, this is epic.
What is this, a Crossover Episode?
Press x to doubt
nice loop!
Well done looping it
That loop though, yeah I'mma use this as a wallpaper. 10/10 amazing post
This is the coolest shit I’ve ever seen
Ok wow that was one hella experience then you end it with a perfect loop wow. If i wasnt a broke ass i would give that platinum
GIF that we needed but not deserved
My jaw dropped omg
Watched 12 times before noticing it’s a loop
It’s a perfect loop too
This is a proper celebration of Minecraft for the 10 year anniversary. Kudos!
*It's evolving...*
you win
Well made! I love this!
It's even a perfect loop!
Into the rabbit hole we go.
I'm really glad you made this.
#PERFECT LOOP
Nice.
I thought this would be a skyrim meme, but it was more.
What the frick lol
HOLY SHIT
I wish I was half as good as you are at transitions...
This deserves 4 platinums, 11 golds and 8 silvers. Watch it.
I love this water bucket trend so much
what the fuck
Those were some clean transitions
Ok this is epic
I liked the part where he was falling
Alright this is amazing, very well done
*SKILL*:100
That’s beautiful
#THIS
#IS
#RIDICULOUS

Seriously this had more twists and turns than an M. Night Shyamalan movie
Just want to leave a comment before this blows up
r/perfectloops
Wow, that’s fantastic
5/7, no Skyrim
THE HOTBAR DAMNIT LITERALLY UNWATCHABLE
I didnt wake up in skyrim. Pleasantly surprised
Ok, YoU wIN
Holy shit this is amazing
You win this meme/challenge
Would have been better if at the end he fell into the void and it’s just the beginning of Skyrim
The shaking in fear was hysterical. Well done!
Oh shit this is definitely going to hot, quick say something witty so that you'll get the top comment!
I am still kind of expecting Skyrim to start!
All the fricking callbacks and also a looping video? that's epic.
This is hands done the best thing ever posted on the subreddit.
u/spitsoutcereal
After all this shit I'm still waiting for one of these videos to fade into a black screen only to be woken up by Ralof. 
In the meantime, I'm enjoying the ride, they are awesome
Damn thats god
Mindfuck
Ya dude, same thing happened to me when I tried. Weird..
BEST INFINITE LOOP GIF EVER
AND ITS LOOPED PERFECTLY
\#1 on r/all! Congrats!
r/perfectloops
This wins. There’s no point in making anymore of these videos Bc this is the best one
Great job! Obviously not rendered in v1.1.4 :)
Was wondering how a minecraft gif was on top of all but this is super well done!
The notch reference from that old video was appreciated
Holy crap that was SEAMLESS
r/perfectloops
i was kind of expecting it to go into the opening scene of skyrim
Damn, the temple of Notch. That's a throwback.
OH SHIT. TEMPLE OF NOTCH!!!! Excellent addition 10/10
GIVE THIS ALL THE MEDALS!!!
I like this one
Somehow I waited the whole time for the Skyrim opening sequence.
*Screams In EVERYTHING*
A nice ride trough time and space, and it perfect loops too.... you my good sir are doing god's work.
I really like the panicked shaking
Please make this a normal water bucket fall video...

WITH /u/13thPlayer ? NO WAY!
Now this is the type of content I subscribed for. Sat here with a stupid grin on my face as soon as you hit the Nether.
What even is a normal water bucket fall video? Is it like saving your fall by catching the bucket?
50k in 3 hours WE SMASHING RECORDS BOYS
I gotta save this so next time I get fuckin baked I can scare the shit outta myself with this lol
This does put a smile on my face.
Please let this be a normal field trip WITH MRS FRIZZ NO WAY 🤣😂
So I'm a couple hours in and I'm starting to feel like this might be on loop
You guys remember the Minecraft acid interstate videos?

Now I want one but falling, and this is how it would be
Wow
/r/perfectloops
I waited and waited and waited and no skyrim fade intro.. I feel betrayed almost.
Congratulations on winning best post of 2019!
What the fuck did I just watch
High effort, low amount of upvotes (compared to how high quality this is)
I.... Whaa- What is...
Minecraft is a hellscape isn't it
This is getting ridiculous now.
So fucking good
Wtf i just watched? Btw, never played Minecraft, i kind of hated it for years, but i think i should try...
That panic in the nether. I felt it to my core.
By far the best and creative gif ever created
How long did this take?! This is so good!
That poor water bucket
Did your Minecraft avatar just become Doctor Strange?
r/perfectloop
Missed out on adding the Dropper lol, still great; have an upvote!
This deserves to be the most upvoted post in reddit history.  

Don't let it die
Holy fuck the Notch statue brings back nostalgia
This was a real nostalgia hit

What a expirience 😀👏
How it feels to chew 5 gum
Can someone make this into a Skyrim intro
There was like 8 years of Minecraft history in this single video.
You sir have out done every other one
I was expecting it to cut to Skyrim.
This is fucking perfect
HOW THE HELL
Ok fucking listen here
This was almost perfect, and then it looped. Perfection.
 From the lowest dungeon to the highest peak I fought with the Balrog of Morgoth
You know I got back into this game yesterday there’s just too much to do
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 50,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit50k](https://twitter.com/Reddit50k) and subreddit /r/reddit50k!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit50k/status/1124858773091172352

--------------------

^^All ^^75,000 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit75k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit75k

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^100,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit100k](https://twitter.com/Reddit100k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit100k
Most upvoted post of all time in 5 hours holy shit
Alright, this meme is done boys, pack it and go home.

We have a winner.
Now that's one nice flipping  fall, and pool you made Crafter.
An Over- End-Neithr fall. How Notchtastic was that
Shocked there wasn’t a Skyrim intro cut
Watching these progress is like BoTW's bookcases all over again.
was expecting a skyrim intro somewhere
r/BetterEveryLoop
I was expecting the skyrim opening
[woah](https://i.imgur.com/mVjFz3A.gif)
So that's how Dr. Strange felt.
1000th comment
Fuck, someone finally outdid my perfect loop
The skyblock island cracked me up ahaha
<-- LAUNCH
Why is your characters arm so small? Am I seeing things? I feel like your playing as an enderman...
It was already the best one by far but then it perfectly loops, absolutely perfect
This is the final form of the meme. truly a masterpiece, I congratulate you OP, very well done.
Damn, this is good. I love all the references to past Minecraft moments/memes.
And it's a perfect loop. You, my sir, have created a masterpiece.
Good job on crushing top of all time in 6 hours
I forgot about the Temple of Notch
So much respect
r/perfectloops
Fuckin perfect loop
u/spitsoutcereal
Oh ok this is cool like real cool like 0 degrees kelvin cool like dang
Should’ve gone to the rainbows spiral on the dropper by bigre. Ya know the one that was the thumbnail for every other dropper video
r/perfectloop
THE NOTCH MAP
I wonder what all the great artists of the past would think of this modern masterpiece.
Amazing oml
This gif perfectly represents my sanity over time.
Top voted post on r/Minecraft here you go
Holy fucking shit it loops perfectly too. I actually thought the video was longer than it was.
i could see the fear in his eyes
Last drop should have been the Skyrim starting scene lmao
I honestly expected it to end up in Skyrim
can I upvote twice?
Congratulations on getting the all time top post or r/Minecraft :D
And its the most upvoted post on this sub
[removed]
You deserve being on the front page, take it!
The intense shaking really adds onto it, amazing work! And the perfect loop I might watch this forever
This is fucking amazing
Trippy af
We played a multiplayer hardcore realm during corona, where any time any person died we reset the world. Here's how we did!

Y'all really went full-out scholar mode for minecraft lol
Imagine dying.
My favorite part is how everyone is a sesame street skin.
Awesome graphic! I'm really jealous of you guys, I typically only play at work on my switch (I'm actually a really good employee, I swear!) so I've only ever played solo.
Quick disclaimer! There's been some confusion about when the world was reset- we reset whenever someone died *in-game*, not of coronavirus.
This is amazing! Imagine a YouTube series based off of this, that would be awesome
The presentation for this post is just amazing
Shoutout to world 12
That Village Idiot award had me laughing my head off
This is awesome! Great breakdown of everything. How long did it take you to figure all this out and make the visual?
I’d hate to be that guy that fell from the mob grinder and caused the world to be deleted.
I seriously hope this gets to the front page
Amazing graphic! It was an honor to mine and craft with everyone.
Very  cool concept! How did you get those stats and  graff?
Props to Cookie Monster for surviving every world
Interesting! This is super cool! I really love the presentation!

Shoutout to the king!
I just realized that at world 27 you all dealt with a raid and this world ended with someone's suicide
I’m noticing the “Biggest Loser” also suffered the “Act of God” was that the same event? Because if so then that really feels like divine intervention
At the request of about half the comments this is now posed on r/dataisbeautiful too lol. Thanks for the support everyone! EDIT: got taken down since personal data is only allowed on Mondays. I'll put it back up tomorrow! EDIT 2: it's back up!
*There was a 45% chance of dying inside*

Me every time I wake up for work.
What happened to the guy that died the fastest tho?
The best part is “The King”
Great infographic I never thought I’d be invested in some random group’s hardcore adventure experiment
>	fished into water while AFK

classic
This is honestly really cool to see these records. Cant imagine the memories that would be made!
Peepeepoopoo
I like this because it’s factual yet it’s creative fun to read and just not boring in general
How did the guy who didn’t die once not get an award for it?
Creepers am I right 🙄
“Can we build it? Turns out... no... we really can’t” had me dyinggg lmao, great job on. The presentation btw
I would have liked to see this as a YouTube series.
This was a great read while pooping
That was really fun to read and see your experiences. Good work!
This is so fascinating, the stats are both hilarious and actually really useful for personal plays too. Also, to the King trophy winner, nothing but respect, that’s a true bro right there.
>Longest death streak 3

>Went to the nether without diamonds 3 times

Hmmm....
One death unclogging mob grinder.

Where is OSHA when you need it?!?!
You guys are excellent graphic designers and terrible Minecraft players, I see
This is hands down my favourite post on this sub of all time
Cookie Monster is the GOAT for never dying
What caused the deaths in the shortest and longest worlds?
Won't you post this on r/dataisbeautiful ?
This provided me so much entertainment, here’s the “i don’t get payed until tuesday” gold 🏅
the details. This is amazing, the guy that survived the entire time, the village idiot lol, the king. awesome
Just thought I’d say a few of the points probably aren’t exactly what they seem.  For example, finding diamonds probably didn’t give an advantage worth 5 extra hours, it’s just all the terrible runs that ended in <5 mins probably had 0 diamonds and all the good ones almost definitely had diamonds.
Classic graham being an idiot
This is the best reddit post I have ever seen
I loved this! Thanks for making it and doing the project.

Any possibility of future attempts? Would love to see some other variables tested such as attempts while everyone lives solo vs as a group.  Or with players having predesigned roles (guards/miners/builders etc maybe with a hierarchy?)in the community vs a community of just people working together with no direction or control.
Time to chop down my first log again, again, again, again, again again
This is quite possibly one of the best things that has ever been on this sub, incredible job!!
This is absolutely amazing. I love the graphic. Props for putting in all this work
I saw this on r/all...I don't even play minecraft. But damn this graphic design is excellent, I was interested all the way through
nice
This is freaking hilarious. The King is truly aptly named

Hey /u/00plebian,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
What a bunch of muppets.
Props to the guy who lived through every single world!
Mr Incredible, my hero. Rise up cookiemonstergang
I read one of the causes of death as “love” at first and I had to do a double take 😂
I’m bothered it’s not called “Never say Nether”
>The Village Idiot

I cackled. Aloud. In my own home.
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen.
This is a thing of beauty.
Whether you like to game or not, someone should get an award for how beautifully this information is displayed. It's so f-ing attractive. I applaud thee.
r/dataisbeautiful
World 27 had a raid, and you lost it due too someone thinking they were on a different realm...
$4.20... nice.
I’m gonna look at this with my kid so he can explain it all to me.
They made article about you lol https://www.gry-online.pl/newsroom/minecraft-kazda-smierc-resetowala-ich-swiat-ten-serwer-hardcore-n/z41f52f
LMAO at "The Village Idiot"
I read all of this during school. No regrets
The way this post is worded made me think you reset the world anytime someone was reported to have died from corona. At first I thought that was a bit morbid, then I thought you couldn’t have gotten very far into the game before needing to reset. Then I stopped being a moron.
Okay so notes to self...

Get a shield ASAP  
Live in mountains or a village  
Get diamonds  
Get blast protection ASAP  
Abandon netherite  
Don't play at night or build grinders  
Beware or 'splodey bushes  
Punish yourself for dying  
Be a cookie monster, not some dude with a moustache  
Creeper, aww man
Oh so you survived around 4 hours on each world you say? 

I shall top it off with me surviving a mere 2 minutes as I died suffocating in gravel whilst mining.
And people wonder why creepers are so hated in the community
It seems a highly intelligent individual has posted on the same thing I have. Only mine was a shitpost.
this is legit just a chart on  "100 dumb ways to die" but in mc
Really nice story in the data it's a good skill to have do you do this for a living
"fished into water while AFK." **bruh.**
Someone was able to be part of this project and never died in-game.

Incredible.
at first I went "meh he did math on minecraft, whatever" but as I looked at it I got more intrigued and more fascinated. This is an interesting experiment and if you dont mind can I ask you continue it? But add variables and continue the experiment in many ways, see if certain discoveries affect deaths or how certain items affect death rates. Shut up and take my award you brilliant bastard!!
The “Act of God” killed me. Dude, what a great info graphic. Thoroughly enjoyed the individual awards. What a blast you guys must have had!
The reason the rain was so infrequent, if anyone's wondering, is explained immediately afterward- they slept 613/618 nights!

Everyone knows that sleeping clears the weather, but it actually does another thing too- it resets the "storm timer", preventing any storms from happening until at least the next nightfall- so if you always sleep as soon as possible, you're always resetting that hidden timer! :)
1 minute and 48 seconds is cracking me up lol
If I may ask what happened for you too open 2 portals and only enter 1
If you have a 45% chance of dying in the Nether and you have never died in the End that means the Overworld has a death rate of 55%


(edited)
this is incredible! if you ever do something like this again, you have to make another one. so detailed and informative, great job!
Wow just wow. What a great well made document.
h o l y s h i t
Congrats on no one dying to skeletons! They probably kill me 2nd most to creepers.
That was a fun read. I am curious how you killed the ender dragon with 0 damage.
Congrats to Cookie Monster. If I’m reading this right he never died in any of the 39 worlds. That’s impressive
[deleted]
OP this is so incredible... i love everything about this
I gotta join everyone else in saying this was beautifully presented. I don't usually take the time to read lengthy things on Reddit, especially about data but this was great
$4.20 charge? Nice.
Act of God made me lose my shit haha
this dude deserves a argentium award
Kinda wish I knew people that would take on these big group events
Hey your like number 6 on the all time list! Congrats!
This is the best post I've seen on Reddit so far, not kidding. EVERYONE PRAISE THE KING! (and the OP for tracking every single stat <3)
Rain and snow are the same thing, snow is just a replacement in certain biomes and at certain heights
Holy shit this is top tier content!
I absolutely love the designing here its super nice
This inspired a group of my friends and I to do something similar just without all the data collection aside from simple stuff. We made sure to have a nice selection of people that have played for years and some that have hardly ever touched the game. First world lasted an 1h5m, someone decided to go for a swim and didn't know about the drowned. Started off well we had 37 diamonds.
Congrats to Cookie Monster to never dying. Ph1lza Minecraft would be proud.
Too the moon. I like that
The most well structured post I have ever seen. Nice job m8
world 27 was eventful
Oh my gosh A+++ for effort bro
This is seriously impressive. Take my award. Did you use a plugin to calculate this. If so I'd love a link. Got an awesome idea I want to try.
now thats a nice format for presenting data
This is AWESOME🔥
I read it all
This was so enjoyable to read
That was super fucking in depth and awesome man! Seems like fun!
this..... is the greatest thing ive ever seen.
97 emeralds before even 1 diamond?? VERY impressive lol
You only bothered to try to find a stronghold once, and the one time you beat the dragon, you did it without getting hit???? Y'all are crazy!
r/dataisbeautiful
This. Is. Awesome.
You a talented info-graphic-ist
That's really cool
I can’t help but notice the guy who got to the nether 3 times without diamonds was also the person with a 3 death streak
Ender dragon got zero damage against that group of (no offence) people who seen to love dying? BRAVO
This graphic is way better than many of the corporate data graphics I get on any day for work
wot m8
This is... Beautiful
I reaaly love all the work you did to show us your story. It was exactly what I needed after a bad day
“Act of God” is one of the most unbelievable things I can absolutely see happening 😂
My eyes opened wider and wider as I scrolled down to see this post is so long. Then I burst out laughing
this is the funiest and the best minecraft post of all time 

props to "the king" awards that shit made me laugh
What is your job? Surly you collect data and make diagrams for living, this is just so beautiful.
I read the entire thing while listening to Piklopedia from Pikmin 2 and it was one of the best moments in life
I hope you're planning to share all that juicy karma with everyone else. Lol
"The King", truly a hero among Steves.
The-- The Act of God one  
My lungs just decided to imitate an effing tea kettle, I'm crying. How... How do you accomplish such a feat?

Thanks for this, this was hilarious
I love how you laid out to statistics and this was a really good idea I wish I had friends to do this with and the fact I want Java XD
“We built 2 mob grinders and 100% ended up being directly responsible for a player death” pure gold
not ONE of you died to a skeleton?? shields rlly broken man
Post to r/dataisbeautiful
I don't have any awards I can give, but you best believe I would. Absolutely incredible, stood in my hallway reading it because I didn't wanna stop
Woah
This is possibly the best post ever to be put on this subreddit!
What a beautiful graphic, *very* well done!
I'm confused while yall were building stuff if the goal was just to beat the ender dragon? Did you guys also play it like a normal (albeit hardcore) world until yall decided everyone was geared enough for the dragon raid? Was it not supposed to be a speedrun type thing?
awards go brrr
hahahaha I love it, oh geez the Individual Awards are all gold, looks like you guys really had fun lol
This is might be my favorite reddit post ever
"Got himself killed with an egg by accidentally hitting an iron golem with it"  
LMAO
How did you record all these stats?

Would've driven me crazy!
This feels like r/dataisbeautiful material to me XD
You gotmore awards on this post than most ppl will ever get in a lifetime in mc. Congrats and excellent work
If the guy that lasted all 39 world's without dying is the same as the one in the first award, how does that work?

Edit: I'm an idiot, looking at the wrong award.
how is 46% 1/3? that really grinds my gears  (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Praise the king, not caring about a girl but the caring for all.
You spent some time huh
THE KING!!!
Bro this is straight up brilliant
LMAo fished into the water while afk, I can see the whole thing play out
bro please make youtube videos about stuff like this.
This was really well put together, some of the stats were fun to read and WOW those rewards at the end tell some funny stories
this post entertained me for an entire shit. 10/10
Man you guys gotta film this stuff lol! I’d love to watch
this is too much for me...my brain, too smooth to process this...
statistics and data ahahaha
How'd you manage to get this so much data while also playing the game?
This guy wrote a whole ass report on his minecraft hardcore smp and here I am with an essay due after 5 hours and no progress whatsoever
*4 wandering villagers sufficated in a wall*
Dr. Eggman got hit with the hardest death. Imagine dying because of an egg.
“Got to the nether 3 times before getting diamonds”

From the same person

“Highest deaths in a row (3)”
I thought the title meant that the world gets reset everytime a person gets killed by corona. I'm not the sharpest fork in the drawer.
Wow this is a great stat breakdown, normally I wouldn’t bother saying it, but, spot on!
Tips for survival in hardcore. Get some source of food immediately, and wood. The first night is terrifying so make a shelter or go under the dirt. Iron is your best friend, one ingot and some wood and you have a get out of jail free card. Iron armor basically needs to be rushed, but caving is extremely risky, so look for surface caves around the spawn. Once you have your gear and want to upgrade, STAY OUT OF RAVINES. The amount of times I’ve had a creeper suicide bomber itself right on my face it’s just not worth it. Strip mining and small manageable caves are your best friend. Avoid as many significant risks you can and you’ll thrive. Until you die in a cave to a baby zombie.... he had a good run
Sounds like fun! But by the title, at first I thought you meant "any time any person died *of the Coronavirus in real life* we reset the server." That would have been very dark.
Very cool concept! How did you do that?
I don’t play Minecraft but this sounds like it was an amazing experience.
This is so cool
wow this flyer is really cool - well done
The DEATH TOLL is hilarious
This was really fun to look over and I especially liked the lil achievements and their titles! Thanks for sharing!
I’ve never been so fucking interested in reading an infographic before. Brilliant!
Lmao village idiot
Fucking awesome, great job my dude
I like all those sesame street skins
This is so cool. I wish I had friends
Love the visuals
NICE
dataisbeautiful
You guys should make a YouTube series on this!
"The king" award is the true hero of this
I’m stuck on the 4 traveling merchants who all died by wall suffocation. That’s hilarious.
Dang the amount of awards!!
This is one of the greatest post I have seen on this subs. Thank you for making my day. A fun read all the way.
Thank you for satisfying my strong addiction to data recollection, statistics and graphics.
THE KING
There can not be a better definition of effort post, this honestly deserves like 100k due to how much effort this has compared to other posts on this sub
I think this might be my favourite reddit post of all time
Bro this is amazing
I love everything about this
This was really cool to see.
The amount of data here is astonishing
Fuckin hilarious stuff, also very interesting. good work OP!
I relate to Village Idiot on a spiritual level
All pickaxes racing against each other.

Wow, that's really cool! You should do the same thing but with enchantments and potion effects and stuff, or different blocks!
lol I thought the netherite pickaxe was stone xD
I wish they would revamp gold tools, they feel so useless in the game, but I think that it has a lot of potential
I'm like the golden pickaxe in a race, I go super fast in the beginning and then I lose my breath : D
So what you’re saying is that a gold pickax with unbreaking 3 on it would be much faster than an iron pickax with the same enchantment.
At first I was like "Why is the stone pickaxe so fast. Even faster than diamond" And then I remembered about 1.16
Olym-**pick** games
Awesome! I'd like to see you do more of these!
I guess the gold pickaxe couldn't go for the gold.
we all knew what would happen but we all watched it all the way through
F in the chat for my boy stone
I knew you would’ve designed it so the stone pickaxe was one block off.

Smart.
The wooden pickaxe serves two purposes:

1. Mine 3 stone

2. Cook a porkchop
I had no idea how fast a golden pickaxe was, isn't worth it having it with a max level unbreaking enchant?
TIL wood is stronger than gold
So gold pickaxe is just renamed rabbit/hare
All this effort and you had the camera facing so you could only see one pickaxe...
netherite for the long distance, gold for short distance
lol that was fun
This is really interesting, I've never seen them put against each other like that before. Awesome stuff!
Whoever set this up has to know exactly how many blocks a stone pickaxe can mine before it breaks. Charles was set up. This is an outrage.
They should make golden pickaxes even faster. Other wise they so incredibly useless. I mean, they can't even mine gold ores!
Wow, I had no idea gold picks mined so fast! They are almost useless in every way, so I guess I just never tried one before.
Wait, gold is faster than diamond??
Gold pickaxe is like that kind of person who pushes themselves to their limit at start, then give up halfway
f for charles
Minecraft Olym-picks
Anyone else hate the color they gave to netherite? Why not some deep purple color? Why dookie earth brown?
They were all diamonds in our hearts RIP
An Unbreaking III, Efficency IV, Mending Gold Pick could be unstoppabld
This would be interesting to see how it would compare if after the pick broke it continued at punching speed.  I think wood would beat gold but I’m not sure. 

Also rude to make it just a few too long for the stone pickaxe.
Netherite pickaxe? Have I been away too long
Took me way too long to realize that netherite is not stone
this is so sad can we get a f in the chat for Charles the stone pickaxe
Suggestion: this again, but with each pick breaking blocks of what they're made of. Wooden pick breaking wood, stone breaking stone, iron breaking iron blocks, etc
The fact that you named the stone pick Charles... I nearly cried at the end when I read the RIP Charles. It truly was the greatest plan.
Tf is netherite
Gold pickaxes is that one dude who sprints right at the beginning of the marathon so they could say they were in first place for a few minutes
Wait. The wooden pickaxe shouldn't break at the same place of gold one ?
Man, I’ve been out of the game too long. I don’t even know what Netherite is.
cute
Why do i feel im watching a reigraw comparisions video lol
For servers that dont have durability gold is still the best (besides not breaking everything)
So you're telling me, gold is the fastest pickaxe in the game?
but this, this does put a smile on my face
but which lasts longer netherite or diamond?
I thought the netherite was wood, so I was sooo confused
Haven't played much and only just got 1.16, i was so confused when netherite won as i thought it was stone.... was thinking to myself why it was taking so long to break and why diamond was slower.
It's like a compairasion of interney browser, golden pickaxe describe as internet explorer and others are chrome firefox etc.
Another reason why people don’t use golden pickaxes is that once you get efficiency V and a haste II beacon, their’s really no difference
Man stone pickaxe was so close 
Feelsbadman
Lowkey forgot about netherite and thought a wooden pickaxe was dominating
just get mending and a bunch of unbreaking and stuff on gold, easy
Fuck John
Okay but
Gold pickaxe with unbreaking
Haven't played in ages, wtf is netherite
Netherite is a thing? Since when? How out of the Minecraft loop am I?
Don’t even play Minecraft, but that was fun to watcj
Golden pickaxe with unbreaking and mending is invencible
So theoretically, gold would've won if the race was 33 blocks or less
I don't play this game, but I saw this on /r/all and thought it was a really fascinating display of the different base materials' abilities!  What particularly jumped out at me was that Netherite finished the "course" before wood could even catch up to gold's break point.

(I'm going to try not to get nitpicky about how gold is a very soft metal that absolutely would NOT have been the fastest out the gate, because this is a video game and video games should be fun, damn it.)
People seriously forget how insanely fast golden tools are. The lead it had was ridiculous. Shame it breaks in .0000000001 seconds
>!The "Valiant Hero" Ending!<
I like to use stone pickaxes when mining because I’ll never run out of cobble and they’re fairly fast
I guess I never really considered it, but keeping a large supply of gold picks could be worth.
TIL that gold is the fastest
i’m sure we were all pretty shocked for a second that gold was literally flying through the blocks quick
Why did I think the netherite was stone
Lol, you knew stone was going to break there, that's why you put the finish line a few blocks away.
They should just make gold picks better, at least give them equal durability to wood.
*Netherite*? Man I feel like a Minecraft dinosaur. Didn't know they had something better than diamond.
#I thought the netherite was wood
I once had a gold pick that I found in an abandoned portal thing, it had fortune 3, so I broke three diamond veins with it before I realized, gold can’t break gold ore. But it had efficiency 4 so I had no clue!
The exact frame that the gold pickaxe broke and the text popped up on the screen my video started buffering lol.
Ngl I thought that was cobblestone ahead and was just like my life is a lie
Who knew the golden pickaxe was that fast
Ngl you kinda screwed stone over by adding those couple extra blocks.
We all knew netherite was gonna win but we watched it anyway
I was rooting for Charles, it was so sad
Gold pickaxe with mending mining coal would win tho
I felt the stone pickaxes emotions when it said oh no
I hate you for the ending, still get my upvote, that’s great ^^
That is the reason why i am running tetra
Ahh I was routing for stone to finish :(
It's really satisfying to see that the increase between the main picks is linear. Except gold. Screw gold.
I thought that funny-looking stone was winning for a moment until I saw some weird reddish tint.
annnnd we have gold off to a great start here really flying out of the gates it's incredible, it's amazing, it's -...all over. Gold seems to have pulled his hamstring.
wait wood pickaxes have more durability than gold?
May I ask how you did this? Because this is awesome!
I don't even know why gold existed before the newest update. I might have used it about zero times.
[Appropriate music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npk09y8dgF4)
Fun fact gold armor and tools have higher chance of getting great enchantments than any other tool or armor.
RIP 

Charles
William
John

*You will be dearly missed.*
So the gold pickaxe only breaks once and is out but the wood one lasts the whole thing....
F to pay respects to that stone pickaxe
Netherite is just diamond in dark mode
Why did I watch this? I already knew what the results would be
is gold really that much faster?
I feel so bad for stone
"No one uses gold" *ANGRY PIGLIN NOISES*
They had us in the first half not gonna lie
I was hoping for diamond to break before it crossed...
But breaking the coble one is unacceptable
Charles be like top ten saddest anime deaths
Gold breaks as fast as it mines
Tbh at first I though the netherite was stone
For speed running, gold tools are actually really useful, becuse as this showed, gold (unenchamted) is actually really fast.
Wait today it's my cake fay too!
I was so confused because I thought the netherite was stone lmao
TIL there are tools above Diamond quality.
gold pickaxe be like my pp, fast cum gang
Poor for the golden pickaxe
plot twist: netherite wins
This is super cool. Are all of these base picks? IE no efficiency or unbreaking
Feel bad for Stone though
The second one beats the third one?
Gold pickaxe : I'm faster than all of you 
Literally all the other pickaxes : But can you go farther tho ?
Awesome thing btw
The race was rigged from the beginning!
Gold pickaxe must be a sprinter
Super Mario 64 - Slider Race Theme intensifies
Why you gotta do Charles like that
Too bad the gold breakers too fast
I do remember though somebody on a greifing video was able to spawn in a stack of gold axes and make short work of somebody's base.
Rip stone pickaxe
Omfg I thought that the netherite pic was a stone pic and I was like wtf how is a stone pic better than diamond
Gold pickaxe: "I used to rule the world"
F for stone pickaxe
I don't have audio on and all I can think of is the Mario slide music
charles the stone pickaxe

flashbacks to henry stickman game

why must you hurt me in this way
You should post this in r/dataisbeautiful
Why u gotta do ma boi stone like that?
All I got from this is that I should make lots of gold pickaxes
I love this format, really original and amusing, keep doing them man :) !!
I thought netherite was stone and I was so confused XD
most of the time u cant get any of them without the slowest one
Wait if netherite is faster than diamond does this mean with efficiency 5 haste 2 it can instabreak cobble?
we all knew what was gonna happen yet it was still so exciting
i knew it
Gold is and always will be fastest tho durability is shit
I only use gold tools, easy to get too! Mending + unbreaking + beacon + efficiency.

Whenever my picks gonna break I just have a shulker box with an anvil and more gold pickaxe to fix my pick, or transfer my enchantments to it.

Easy :)
Here take my last 75 coins
RIP william, he was my homie
i thought it was stone pic that was winning at first
I was more upset than I should have been when the stone pickaxe broke, he was so close.
I still remember the first time I found gold. I was so excited, created a pickaxe, and then noticed it was almost destroyed after barely using it. Tragic to this day
Why in the world would you place gold *before* iron?
Missed opportunity to call it the Olympick games
If the golden picxaxe was more durable it everybody would use it
I know near nothing about minecraft, but found this quite interesting.
Actually, gold is so easy to obtain these days I wonder if I should try carrying a hotbar of them for a strip mining trip and see how it goes
I had my brightness low so I was just sitting here like "damm, how come that other stone pickaxe is faster than diamond?"
Why do i wanna see this but with shovel and axe?
That was beautiful
I love this!!
I remember pre fire patch (when fire would keep spreading indefinitely), someone started a fire on our server in our deep dense forest. We made a habit of tossing saplings whenever we were traveling through it, so it has become a massive kind of superbiome of our server.

Pooling our resources, we crafted stacks and stacks gold swords for us to carry into the forest (this was before shears) and we toiled for hours desperately trying to cut down all the leaves to create a firewall in front of the encroaching flames. But you couldn't go too near the flames, or your PC would crash. We would get too ambitious and the flames would go around us, then have to start over from farther back. We lost so much forest...

People also had a bunch of cottages out there, and a giant central tree fort. But the main problem was that the further the flames spread, the worse our server's performance got. Eventually, our host would probably be unable to even run it.

It was pretty epic. And knowing so little about the technical details of Minecraft at the time only enriched the experience.

Anyway, it was a pyrrhic victory
Gold is basically that one kid running the mile who just full on sprints at the start till he can’t run anymore...
For a second I thought neither was stone and I got confused
is neterite that fast ???
For some reason I thought netherite was a stone pickaxe and I was confused as fuck
Are there more of these? Like with shovels and axes and stuff
I was like, why the hell is stone going so fast? Then I realized netherite is a thing and I haven't played in half a year.
The panning camera and cheeky comments were top-notch, great work!
That is an amazing presentation.
Nobody likes john
I'm relatively new and I was like damn why am I not using gold... oh I see.
Whats the purpose of the gold pick in the game? Ive been playing the game since i was like 7 - 8 yrs and never used it
In my life i am the stone pickaxe.
Very cool video
Love how the stone pick got screwed over in this
It boggles my mind that when mining normal blocks nobody uses enchanted gold
Is a gold pickaxe with unbreaking worth using then? I haven’t played minecraft in so long
TF are you telling me that gold is fastest on stone?
Rip stone pick, a true friend that almost everybody has
It is me or they make the stone pick name “charles” on purpose 

.

. 

.
Anyone else commentate it like it was a horse race? No just me? Ok.
No R.I.P. for my boy David the Golden Pickaxe???
The First Night

hehe there is a chicken in there
Creeper looks like a hand on its fingers
this looks like that "what would you do if we were trapped in a box together" thing
Minecraft season 1; Spring 2021
Ahh a classic, dirt hole for the first night
God damn Steve is buff af
Steve is just the fucking rock holy shit
Wtf why is Steve so damn buff

Edit: damn I got it he carries a lot of shit and punches trees for a living!
Kinda looks like Alex put Steve in the hole to protect the monsters, not the other way around
Could you stop staring steve?
id watch this anime 1000%
[deleted]
steve looks like he's gonna help a guy with the last name "joestar" fight a bisexual vampire and die in the process
[deleted]
I love how Steve is Phantom Blood level muscular while Alex, who has the same build minus one pixel is a slim girl...
I can see where this is going...
Getting two players into the hole is the easy part. The hard part is getting out without accidentally beating the stuffing out of each other.
This seems like an opening to a very weird ass 
fan-fiction
I absolutely love this kind of art. Steve looks super pissed about being stuck in the box for the whole night. Like Steve, being a very buff meathead, wanted to stay out all night and murder things but Alex, being the smarter of the two, made the decision to stay in the box for one night. 
And neither is happy about the chicken in there.
artist?
Half the people in this comment section need to go to horni jail
It's all fun and games until they die of carbon monoxide poisoning
Chicken
I am ok with Steve being this buff
is that a giant hand in the background grasping the box?
That's a hot three some right there
only the chicken should be buff
God damn these artists really out here making me attracted to a funny block man
Buff Steve 

Bottom text
That poor chicken just stuck cramped in the corner behind Alex’s butt
but the carbon monoxide
Therapist: jojo Steve isn't real, he can't hurt you

Jojo steve:
they also shoved a chicken in there because why not
Why is steve so dummy #THICC
*pornhub intro starts playing*
they want to do it but they don't want the chicken seeing
no wonder Steve made it into Smash
I’d let steve fuck me if he looked like that
Everyone draws steve as this buff mf and then Alex is just a normal girl
Why is alex less muscular, they’re literally equally strong
Could not understand why everyone was asking about Alex when clearly it's Link stuck in a hole with Steve.
Lord, now I have a boner
steve gotta stop with em drugs
Why to does Steve look like he about to destroy Alex
[you are not going to sleep tonight ](https://youtu.be/jYjDCPnxk-U)
alex and steve do the exact same amount of lifting but she looks like a person and steve looks like a poorly made wwe game wrestler
What are you doing step-Steve?
You mean one-night stand?
Steve gets bigger every time he appears on this sub
Why does Steve remind me of one of those chads in horror films where they are “don’t worry babe, I got this” then they proceed to attack the killer and fucking die
Why is Alex not strong as fuck either?
Jesus Christ, this blew up! Thanks a lot for the support, people.
I love the concept of Steve being an absolute fucking unit
Steve’s bizarre adventure
The horny jail waits for all of us
I like tp think Steve and Alex have more of a Brother Sister relationship to make these things more fun
That chicken won't be the only cock in a hole tonight.
and then they...
This reminds me of Terraria when you and the Guide have to share a tiny house/hole.

Except you're not as buff as Steve.
Fuck, now I want an anime
Oh no Minecraft rule34 incoming
Alex is just as strong as Steve. Wtf
Chikn
Definitely not the first night for the buff Steve
steve is fuckin ripped gdamn
This drawing is hype af
Alex is looking at steve like "wtf is he staring at???"
He swole
C̷̪̦͊̽͂̇̽̈́́̕͝ḫ̶̯̦̣̣̖̤͙͕͈͑̈̈́́̑̔̋̚i̴̢̪̞͚̺̰̩̜̯̼͂̋̄̃̍́́͋̎͠č̵̖͉̭̮͕̣̠̒́̓̎͠ǩ̸̪̝̰̄̐̂͊ͅẹ̶̱̜̊͆́̊̌̈͆n̸̛̼̦͙͆͜͠
Rule34 artist: hippity hoppity your art is now my property
Do you have Twitter or something?, I love this art
Steve my eyes are up here
"Omg step-steve help I'm stuck!"
The game: *B L O C K*

The fanart: welcome to the Renaissance bitch
I actually prefer to get on top of a tree and burrow down between the leaves and put a dirt clump above me. That way I can look between the leaves, see when the sun comes up, and watch mobs run around. It's good for long travel. Probably wouldn't be as cool of a picture tho...
I Built the Entire Universe in Minecraft! ✨

Before people jump on us mods again because this post was temporarily dropped off the Hot page – none of the mods removed it. Rather, take a look around. Users report-bombed it with absolutely dumb reasons like "Tired Submission" to an extend that triggered an automatic filtering. We have that filter rule in place for users to have leverage against blatant violations of rules, and it will not go away.

Ask yourself if *you* want to really mistreat the content creators the way you accuse *us* of treating them.
"I did some offcamera mining"
Building calculators. Mother boards. Working computers.  The ability to play minecraft in minecraft. The Universe.. at this point I'm waiting to see someone build sentient life in minecraft. Well done everyone. Well done.
how long did this project take???
I can see my house from here.
Wow. Just wow. I mean, truly.. **out of this world** type of build. 😉
I need to have that world!

Please, would there be any way for you to upload the world folder online?
Shout out to the camera man for taking such a risky journey through the Universe
That is actually really fucking impressive

Well done!
If this doesn’t become one of the top posts on the Minecraft subreddit I’ll be offended. Few people in the world can do what you do. I mean.. man built a freakin galaxy! Who does that!
new james webb telescope pics just dropped
Id be very interested to see this without shaders
Holy fuck…that’s absolutely insane

just…HOW
[removed]
save some bitches for the rest of us, god damn
don't let mrbeast see this he'll say i bought the universe in Minecraft
***Stellar* work!**
I was here before this was deleted.
Freakin legend
Man when I saw the pillars I got chills. Love the piece the camera work and the shaders. Amazing use of light emitting blocks too.
Not to undermine your work, but haven't you used 3rd party tools to create this?

Stunning none the less.
holy shit! Thats impressive man! Good job!
That’s fucking incredible! How much time did it take??
How long did this take??? You are one talented individual OP.
what should we call him, god or mad. idk
yeah, but is it to scale? /s

holy f***
Holy shit! That’s awesome!
Bro really just did some off camera building and mining

Hey /u/ChrisDaCow,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Reading the title: Pssssh, nah you didn't

Watching the video: *oh damn*
These pillars of creation are absolutely stunning !
Wow just wow. How is this even possible? I have not played minecraft in years and all i did back then is built dirt houses.
Hey, I can see my house in this build. You really did build the entire universe.
Microsoft going to hire you for their Micro-Verse

I'm from the future. It's lit
Well I guess that's it then. Pack it in folks, we've done it all. Time for Microsoft to delete Minecraft.
That's a lot of glowstone. Rtx on!
Is there a world download?
Project build the earth quaking in their boots rn
[removed]
***\*Post is awaiting moderator approval.\****

Lmao here it comes.
I'm pretty sure it would take an infinite amount of time to build the entire universe 🤨😤
Are you sure about that?
No you didn't
holy frick this is absolutely mind-blowing, awesome work OP!
where is world dl
Will it be a map? If so, what’s the download link?
I wish this blows up
That's insane!
that is fucking impressive and insane..
creation vid plzzzzz
r/nextfuckinglevel
Entire universe?
Nice work, can’t wait for the tutorial!
Minecraft is bigger than the universe
This is actually absurd. Op, the lighting especially is my favorite. The whole thing is so ethereal and beautiful.
You didn't build the entire universe, you built the Solar Sys- \*\*OH MY FUCKING GOD\*\*
Wow. Dude... You win.

You won Minecraft. 

I am not lying: it gave me goosebumps. 

This is fantastic beyond fantastic.
i will pay money to get 1 minute on this world
people:  you can't build the entire universe! that's imposible!                                               
OP: no, it's necessary 

(also, yes I know this isn't \*literally\* the entire universe)
“I did a little bit of building off camera”
Ph1lza's hardcore world if baby zombies didn't exist.
Now do 1:1 scale
It feels like I’m watching interstellar when I saw the block hole
me clicking on the link "ok you did *not* build the whol-"

**intense orchestral music hit**

"oh my god"
Well actually, the universe keeps expanding, so technically you didn't build the entire universe -🤓
"Sorry, this post has been removed by the moderatos of r/Minecraft, reason: low effort"
This is breathtaking! Truly some great work you did there.
Ok, this is out of this world man... Nice work
That nebula is so goof bruh...

&#x200B;

Even I need such building skills!
Jesus christ, how many years?
Holy shit, this is awesome!
Please send a Download link i want to fly into the space
*SOOOO COOOOOOOOLLLLLL* \ (•◡•) /
This is the coolest build I have ever seen.
How long did this take?
This is amazing. Did you use world edit also how long did it take you?
Damn. Nicely done.
Man, how many hours of free time do you have?! Mans is hoarding all the free time! All jokes aside, that's nuts and really cool
That's huge!
Now that is impressive
Holy, that looks gorgeous
here before mods delete for self promo
Hey look! I'm right there!
Very cool
This is computer abuse, but it’s awesome 👏
Wow
Mf said “oh yeah here you go I built the universe” so casually?? like I wouldve been super excited but hes like “yeah anyways”
WOW! How long did this take you???
But can you find my dad?
Build battler’s warm up builds
How did u build my house in minecraft
THIS IS PHENOMENAL!
I think you'll find that the universe

pretty much covers everything
Now make the scale 1:1
I was here
You did what
adding new builds based on the JWST photos sounds like something you'd enjoy doing. love these builds btw, they look fantastic
Bro you jumped out an airplane to make something in minecraft. I'm flabbergasted and in awe.
Hey I can see my house from here.
This is one of if not the coolest build I have ever seen.
I thought this was a joke for a second but damn, impressive
Watch this get removed because your name is in the bottom right and the mods think it’s self promotion
This has gotta be the most impressive things I’ve ever seen done in this game. All props go to you dude, I can’t imagine how long this took
Inb4 mods delete this like every other high effort post.
Let them know I was here in the first hour!
Congratulations by the way... Breathtaking is the only word one can use!
And my first award of this account goes to you
Soo cool!
here before this becomes the top post of the sub (hopefully)
Ok best part of this jaw dropping build is the black hole event horizon showing the gravity distortion of the accretion disk.
Multiverse when?
I love interstellar so Gargantua was pretty cool
Technically, you have become a god. What do you call yourself?
This is impressive. Just wow, take my poor man's award 🥇
Did the credits roll when you finished? Cuz you just beat Minecraft. First person ever to finish a sandbox game.
how in tarnation did this only take two months you madlad
Bro please if i can have the world download, this would be so cool to fly around in with the elytra and experience everything upclose
I’m speechless, that is so impressive.
Wow
That is such very spectacular 👌
Bruh, I literally stopped scrolling and said "I'm sorry, what did you say?" This man has put more work that he has ever done for his maths tests
Oh sweet, I live there
Meanwhile I just feel satisfied when I make a house more than two stories 

But seriously, holy hell this is amazing
r/interestingasfuck
I don’t use this world often, but this is incredible!
Anyone got the map download for this? Is this one map or multiple?
Pillars of life are amazing
Needs a banana for scale.

Seriously amazing!
Minecraft 2 is looking great.
Well pack it up everyone. This guy won minecraft
Ah i really made a good looking dirt house today, lets see what the rest of the community is up to...
I showed this to my friend and he said it was still smaller then my mom :(
Is there a download link? Would love to explore this man
this is insane. i don’t have much insight to minecraft, and until now have only seen shitty stuff from it. but this is chefkiss*
Can I visit this universe OP?
Welcome to episode 17 of my Hardcore Survival Series. As you remember last episode we ended off on finishing building my house, and in between episode I've done some off-camera mining and building, nothing too major, just some decorations here and there. No biggie.
As u can see in this simple house I just added a few paintings
How? This just looks so fucking impossible. This is a new level of Minecraft, this isn't even Minecraft anymore. Jesus Christ. Wow.

Just fucking wow.
Can you please share your worlds save file or anything at all which could possibly allow me to download your entire world so I can play in it please!
is that 1 million GB RAM?
Nice! Do you have a download link? I’d love to show this to the kids I work with.
God? Is that you? 

&#x200B;

Let me guess, you're resting...
OP, please have a download for this. This is one of the coolest things ive ever seen in a video game
Is it possible to learn this power?
I don’t even like Minecraft. But this is stunningly beautiful.  Props to OP. If I had an award, you would definitely get it.  You know what ? I will get one next week, and I’ll come back here and award it.
If I had a hat I’d take it off to you.  That is some epic level mind blowing work you did.  Huge props!
This is magnificent
add a banana for scale
HOLY SHIT THIS IS FUCKING GLORIOUS
PLEASE CAN I DOWNLOAD THIS ITS SO COOL!! :D
oh boy,i sure do hope the mods dont remove it for no reason.But all jokes aside this build is amazing
WOW if I had money I would award this!
I sure hope he did all of the sound work in the video on note blocks too.
Alright guys, building in Minecraft has peaked. Nothing can top this.

Seriously, this is incredible! Beautiful, as well
Insane! Congrats!!! 

Can we have the folder?
FUCKING *HOW*
"DUDE WE WERE JOKING"
Reported for doxxing
Sweet mother of Gods.
sure have come a long way from the enterprise
I don’t know what type of company or something should be looking to hire you but I know someone should be right now.
This is incredible… is your computer okay?!? Mine would implode on the spot.
Dude. I mean dude.

Just the earth model. Let alone the sun, saturn, multiple galaxies, a black hole, the horsehead nebula!

Amazing. Thanks for sharing.
Bro💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Respect 💪🔥
This is unreal!  Truly incredible as fuck!
Is it available for download?
0.0 100% amazement
WOW! This is BEAUTFUL!! That's a lot detail! I'm giving this a 10/10
How much Adderall did this require?
That is so fucking awesome dude

Can't believe that took 2 months
achievement unlocked: Get a life! ( seriously tho this is really impressive)
Okay so this technically makes you god right?
We need to report this post for doxxing. It contains the location of my house!
But does it have a bookshelf?
that is amazing!!!!
Wow, truly an impressive build-hands down gorgeous.
I was expecting a rick role but this is better
How the fuck~
This is fucking amazing
Bet it took a long time to finish it! Appreciate the details!
u/videosavebot
When Minecraft can’t generate the entire universe, so you do it yourself.
Are you He Who Remains OP?
in hardcore survival?
Our whole universe was in a hot dense state
Now take off the shaders
I half expected Neil degrasse tyson 5o start talking about the cosmos lol very well done!
this is awesome how many hours did you work on this
This is just unbelievable. I'm truly impressed. Really great work.
w o  w
I haven't seen it yet, but is there a world download anywhere?
Survival mode?
Here before mods ban this post
Building tutorials be like:
Beautiful work
You are a freak of  nature and it’s beautiful
How much else did you build? I assume there's more that isn't in the video.
And I thought stampys city was crazy..
Op: I built the entire universe

Me: You did what now? *I say whilst jawdropped*


Absolutely insane. Looks incredible!!
Beautiful.
u/downloadvideo
And I can't even build a house . . .
I can finally destroy the universe with TNT
This is stunning, great job!!!
This is amazing but by no means the entire universe - it’s a select amount of really cool space structures.
Impressive. Now do it to 1:1 scale
Bro I would quit if I tried to do that 💀

This looks amazing btw
OP you okay?
I've never played Minecraft but this is really impressive. Good job OP
How?! this is AMAZING!!!!
Do you get paid to do this? I have to know.
I fucking give up
Next build it up to scale
\*McYum moment\*
This could be a really cool build for making space adventure maps!

This could very well blend in, in the end dimension!
Now do it to scale. 1:1. Each block is a cubic meter.
Put that in my Minecraft world now I neeeeeeed it
Woahhh
u/downloadvideo
The light giver! 

All hail ChrisDaCow!

All hail ChrisDaCow!

Oh ChrisDaCow can you see by the dawn's early light...
how about building some bitches? 😎
I am speechless this is awesome
Hey guys welcome to episode 2 of building the universe in Minecraft
#yoinkvidtoshowittomyfriends
Can't wait for Sandiction to one up this very cool build!
*This post has been removed. Reason: tired content* also wow it just looks so cool!
Mate I’m just. Chuffed to bits. Devastated. Just holy shit. It’s incredible even tho it didn’t take years of building but still!  It’s fucking insane mate. 

Take my reward and upvote. I don’t have enough words to express how amazed I am.
Someone has no life
Really had to show uranus didn’t you
Ngl. Always thought minecraft building was super lame. Thus is awesome. Great job. This changed my whole opinion of mine craft builds.
HOW LONG DID THIS TAKE??
Nika was a 17-year-old girl who disappeared on 20 September 2022 in Tehran during the protests. She was found dead ten days later. According to the forensic doctor, she was repeatedly raped and tortured for eight days. her body was stitched up from the stomach to the chest . Be our voice. The Islamic Republic of Iran is killing and torturing people. Help us be heard in the world.  
Imagine this in VR
I can’t even build a house.
Beautiful!
Just a question: how much sanity do you have left?
Where can I download this?
Is there any ways to find the Map, i'll would love to try it in vr with freaking shaders
When the YouTuber does some work offline
i found the yt vid its insane
“uhmmmm achtualy the sun is white” 🤓
I think this is what pisses me off the most about Minecraft is that people will build amazingly beautiful things like this.

And the Minecraft content update to be like “we worked really hard to bring you new dirt brown biome with 2 1/2 new types of blocks, see you all in six months”
I gave Villagers some Wonder Apples

*"Behold mortals, my ascension beyond this imperfect existance."*
Best way to get rid of nitwits.
Thats why you don’t take things from strangers
"Distant explosion noises"
Let me get this straight. The second guy gave it to a kid and ran away like a bitch only to get blown to smithereens anyways.
This is really well done and awesome :D And a funny little story :D

Im just curious and want to learn something, could you explain how you did this?

How did you make the villagers eat the item? Eating particles?

And how did you make their heads track the diffrent villagers? I know there is the rotation commands that allows you to rotate their heads/bodies but the tracking part Im curious about.

Also, where the villagers totally controlled with everything they do? I.e. do they have NoAI?
Have to say, that was hilarious and unexpected at the end. Really thought the child would explode :D really funny how he ran away tho, didn't change much but was funny
**put floating audio sound effect*
Thats why you don't take drugs
fucking dumbass villager thinks he can play a disgraceful prank against the youth
**you're a wizard harry**
OMG the villager reaction in unbearable you deserve an award unfortunately I can only give you silver
ASCEND
"Screw Gravity *flies away*"
10/10
literally [this moment](https://youtu.be/oiuyhxp4w9I?t=58) from heavy is ded
Killer Queen has already touched this apple
Wonder?
Imagine that the villagers are actors XD
And then Dio was born...
I see no god up here... EXCEPT FOR ME-- *explodes*
THE SKY GODS HAVE SUMMONED ME, MY FRIENDS. TIME FOR ME TO- *explodes*
This is really awesome, can't stop laughing. This needs to be in Villager News
I could use these as an anti air defense against 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘧𝘶𝘤𝘬𝘪𝘯𝘨 37 𝘱𝘩𝘢𝘯𝘵𝘰𝘮𝘴 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘵 𝘴𝘱𝘢𝘸𝘯 𝘪𝘯 𝘦𝘷𝘦𝘳𝘺 𝘯𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘵.
Last seconds were funny as fuck lmao, kid eats apple, villager explodes in the distance
Oh hell no. Here kid you can have this.
“ey little kid...want so-some candy?”
can you share the map?
HAHAHAHA I LOVE IT THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS
Test 53: Adult subjects who ingest the Apple will levitate and explode within seconds, while juvenile subjects seem to be able to detonate anyone they wish.. 
further testing is required.
u/vredditdownloader
Actually good comedic timing well done
r/villagerights would like to speak with you
Killer Queen has touched the Apple: The kid: \*click\*
Change the world 
My final message 
Goodbye
This gave me Tom and Jerry vibes, I love this.
WHY DID U GAVE WITCHER POTION TO A VILLAGER, GERALT?
I like how the other villager is looking at him like

The faqqq
This is like old cartoon humor haha
I love how "natural" this looks. It's like it was a feature in the game already. How do you did it?
I have to go now. My planet needs me.

Note: Mumbly died on the way back to his home planet.
the ending took me a solid five seconds after to realize what had happened. lmao
Good one
“I see no god up here... OTHER THAN ME!”
u/vredditdownloader
Killer queen has already touched the Wonder Apples, *click*
You forgot to add [this](https://youtu.be/KF32DRg9opA)
I’ve never laughed this hard in a long time.
I was expecting the other villager to look at you and slowly walk away backwards 

I’m not disappointed however
Ha! I love how you’re like “take this apple villager, it will do no harm” then the villager goes to the kid and says “take this apple kid, it will do no harm” perfect.
Don't take drugs kids.
I can finally... A S C E N D
They should add stuff like this into vanilla Minecraft, devs need to take notes and hire modders cause holy shit have they made some good shit,
That explosion inside the house caught me by surprise, lol.
I love this
This is fucking gold
Congratulations, your post is ranked 4th place in Top of All Time in r/Minecraft!
This is like the Minecraft equivalent of a Looney Tunes cartoon.
STOP IT, FRIEZA
r/instantkarma
If i could, i gave you platinum award! But sorry, i'm poor..
**starts floating** “I am superior”
**dies** “well I oop-“
The other villager looking at him like 👁👄👁
K just a normal day in mincraft
What did u type in the command block to do this?

And is this possible on PE, too?
My name is Yoshiage Kira, I am 33 years old and I live in the north Eastern section of Morioh, where all the Villas are...
My potions are too strong for you, traveller
God damnit I was drinking the milk from my cereal bowl and the ending made me spit it all over my computer
 [u/Vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/Vredditdownloader/)
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I LAUGHED SO DAMN HARD. Jesus this is the best thing ever.
A Comedy in Three Acts
u/vredditdownloader
Wonder? Nah this is some Wonka shit
u/Vredditdownloader
[I did something](http://imgur.com/gallery/rfsJfMh) listen with sound
'Aight imma head out'
This should be at top all time
Ahahahah how did you that. That was really well made. The second villager is an AI or a player ?
Was that villagers name Wile E. Coyote by chance?
So THIS is how Frieza killed Krillin. It all makes sense now.
\*watches other villager float and explode\* here kid it gives you magic powers. \*runs away frantically\*

\*child eats apple and watches other explode\*

i have become wonderful and you are simply...disgusting
Is this "staged"? or would this exact thing happen with any villagers? cause if so that makes it even more impressive
I can picture perfectly the Looney tunes having this situation
That's how they keep the doctor away the float up and die
This is funny AF.
you can feel the fear when he slowly turns his head towards you
Hey kid wanna Apple?
* Watches friend blow up *
Hm
* Gives apple to child *
Actually laughed.

Thank you for this.
Idk why but this reminds me like something off of looney toons the road runner one
That's the most amazing series of events I've ever seen in Minecraft.
That made my day. Thank you for the laugh.
This is not enough i want more of this
The way the villager looked back down 😂
This was an emotional rollercoaster.
Lmao
I fucking died laughing at the end holy shit
That's some Looney Toons shit right there.
kids, this is why you dont do drugs
Haha that was actually really hilarious.
Woah woah woah woah woah woah real karma
It looks like the one who tried to cheat death by giving it to the baby villager got blown up anyway.
I laughed for a few minutes after seeing that
[deleted]
This is one of the most bizarre comedic minecraft videos I've seen
GOKU HELP ME \*eplodes\*
Seeing things like this makes me wish that you could use beacons and conduits on villagers
This is straight up Looney Tunes. The second villager is Elmer Fudd.
This is comedy GOLD!
that just made my day.
I am FINALLY going to convince my super cynical friend to play Minecraft and you have given me the golden key
lmao i cant lol the villager sees what happens to his friend so he just gives the apple to a kid. wonder what the explosion in the house at the end of the vid was about?
Dude this *slayed* me. That was some Tom and Jerry shit.
Villager: *gives wonder apple to child and runs off*

Wonder apple: ***YOU GET WHAT YOU FUCKING DESERVE***
its funny how he just gives it to him and runs away
This is the most awarded post ever good lord
This is gold, now I just want to watch villager news for some reason, good work
I’m laughing rn. Thats really uncommon.
**A P P L E**
only a nitwit would eat that
I love how the second one threw the apple like a grenade and ran for it
YOU STOLE THE FIZZY LIFTING POPS, YOU HAVE VIOLATED YOUR CONTRACT, YOU LOSE! GOOD DAY, SIR!
Me after eating my cousins “brownies”
hilarious how you can see the villager in the window before he explodes
This is the best thing I’ve seen all week, thank you.
His friends looking at him like: Jim what the fuck??
#you get my upvote and laugh😂😂
Did he commit suicide in the background? There was an explosion @_@
I love how he tried to blow up the baby villager, then just exploded in the safety of his own home.
Gets what he deserved for intentionally handing it to a baby villager
The best bit is when the second villager sees the first one explode he just gives it to the nearest child and runs off
Guess you could say those apples made them... HIGH
Comedy.
omg I just came along this and I love it, if I could, I would give you platinum but I don't have any real life minecoins so here's 🏆
It's like frieza gave krillin an apple before he killed him
I like how the second villager just hands the child the appleand runs away after seeing his friend explode
I like how the second villager just watches the first one float up and explode then just slowly looks down, makes eye contact and after being given the apple throws it the the kid and runs off
Ok that made laughs, i give you that
The second villager just moves his head from the explosion slowly to you. Then you give him the apple, he looks at it for a second, gives it to a random kid and runs away lmao hahaha
Cracked me the fuck up XD

Holy shit dude. Flawless comedy.

However you should incorporate [Beacon sound effects](https://youtu.be/7oCpQTtxqaE) into it.
That 2nd villager is worse then the villagers who jump out of your boat while you try putting them in a farm combined
This made my day 😂
You killed me
*HE HAS ASCENDED!*
He *ASCENDED*
"Change da world, my final message, goodbye"
This was gold, made me laugh
thank you
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie.
To be continued...
It makes me extremely disappointed that the NES ducktales theme didn’t play when they were floating into the sky, it would have been perfect
Why is this so funny?
Whats this tom and jerry bs
u/repostsleuthbot no offence just checking
If i had more coins i would award this
Mf got high af doe
this video is god tier
I need to go my people need me
a s c e n s i o n
I'm more interested in what happened in that house at the 0:40 mark
This is great
He couldn't handle it
This is splendid work, if possible you should do more!
He couldn't handle it
i sense fear in him
the villager that ran away died anyway. he exploded inside his house
My man! That is some funny stuff right there! Keep on doing minecraft skits like this, I laughed my ass off
"Ah, I see you're a man of culture
(( A S C E N D ))
Someone just started floating and blew up... Hm..
Unexpected but deserved
Kids dont do drugs
That's it, this is my favourite post in the whole sub.
1: What are you doing George?

2: I have ascended Larry.
"Here, kid. Take this. You never saw me."
“Screw gravity”
the farmer ran away. he was complicit.
"I have several question."
"oh shit John, help me! help m-"
So how does that work?
/r/Unexpected
A S C E N D   B R O T H E R
Do not question the E L E V A T E D  one
AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHH
I must go, My People Need me
wow, this villager is goku
Yo this is graphic af
I must go my planet needs me!
r/instantkarma
“Come with me... and you’ll be... in a world of pure imagination!”
Ah I see you’re a man of culture
Why did this make me laugh so much? Lol
What the hell, HAHAHAHA!
Hahaha! That’s hilarious!
To the sky
Waitwhat
Minecraft comedy? I love it!
that would have been a perfect r/GhanaSaysGoodbye
#Halo Theme Intensifies
I must leave my planet needs me
*Do not question the elevated one*
"Ah, I see you're a man of culture
"Duuuuuuuuuude.... " ***removed from existence***
They must go now, their planet needs them
I guess it's not a wonder apple anymore
Is this an actual thing?
*They had us in the first half, not gonna lie*

I thought this was gn be so wholesome  lololol
My people need me
drugs in a  nutshell
Yes, indeed take notes kids
Holy shit so many twists and turns
Insert spongebob levitating
This was so well made .. thank you!
he has ascended
this is ART... this is a fuckin MOVIE right here, damn
Willy Wonka would be proud.
That is really cool!
*a rope Gordon! We can use a rop- HELP ME GORDON*
Lol is that modded or is that their normal behavior?
I’m watching this while in my trading hall trying to get a white dye trade. I need some of those apples rn
He got high from your treats.
Legend has it, the wonder apples made the villagers no more.
Now that’s a good dad.
You can see his little face in the window before he explodes, rofl!
Lmfao
*halo theme starts playing*
This would be a good meme to add the Kanye West Wolves song onto. You know *that* meme
That asshole tried to murder a child, glad he got what was coming to him
The power was too much for them to handle
Hugs not drugs
I must go my planet needs me
He's in a better place now
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdsFVTUJmvU)
“Jerry, did Rick make you floaty?”
Man, what in the hell is mine craft anymore lol. This is incredibly different than I remember
LULW
he gave it to the kid and ran
I haven't played in a while (maybe a year?), and only currently have access to the mobile app. Is all this stuff in the mobile app? This is awesome!
That is fucking funny as shit
How it feels to chew 5 gum
Looney Tunes logic, I love it.
So many plot twists
Someone gave them fucking silver for this shit
I could hear the RuneScape music as he slowly drifted off into the sky
So I guess you could say it makes them 'exfloat'. hehe.
don't do drugs kids
Gonna give these to the kids on Halloween
So this is how humanity began
Deadly queen already touched that apple.
I just love how he blew up even though he ditched the apple right away and ran away but the kid was just fine.
“Dad, why do I feel weird?”
I was dead when that dude decided to give the kid a present XD
That’s some funny stuff right there, and I am sober.
Bro thanks for this i laughed my ass off
You really made my day OP 
Thank you for putting a smile on my face :)
If this immediately took care of all the nitwits in my breeders, then sign me the fuck up
That looked like a classic  cartoon dynamite plottwist
“So long!”
 Team Rocket is blasting off again
Lol
"You did this to me!"
so they’re drugs...
***This is by far the funniest thing I've ever seen on this Subreddit.***
This is such a typical comedy situation, i love it.
* Ducktales moon theme intensified *
There are multiple perfect things in this clip
How did you do it? Command blocks?
That's what happens when ur high kids
*apple*


*eat*
Which version of Minecraft is this.
You had me in the first half, not gonna lie
I have no idea what's going on, but this is funny :D
"Ah, I see you're a man of culture
Great Video!
Red bull gives you wings
Karma.
So essentially, OP is a drug dealer. Nice.
So eventually, he stopped thinking
That ending was absolutely hilarious. And subtle as well
Kora ga requiem da
And i thought redbull gave people wings to fly. oh he/she died
You can run but you cant hide
Hey, why don’t you take a spin at making Minecraft?
"Killer Queen has already touched that apple"
Yes. Ascend to the land of Xbox!
🏅Take my poor mans gold
That little nod by the kid is the cherry on top.
*kenye west wolves playing*
r/funnyandsad
That’s a strong Apple
Makes me think of the clip where some scientists gave an elephant acid (as in the drug), since the elephant just ran around for 4 seconds and then dropped dead.
Holy fuck the unexpected distant explosion in the house followed by a villager death noise sent me
That one was like nah, not eating that after what happened to him
how it feels to chew suicide gum
All I heard was the Wolves song by kanye meme, the ascension
All I could think of was Kanye West - Wolves when the first villager started levitating
"And top of Villager News this hour, a stranger has been passing out free magical apples to anyone dumb enough to take free food from a stranger. Sources say upon eating the dangerous health food the eater levitates toward nirvana before "poofing" out of existence, and perhaps to the great Builder in the skies. Let's go the scene now. "
**initiates trial on Nitwit** XD
When he started rising I could hear the halo theme song
Well, that escalated- not quickly,, but it sure fucking escalated.
wtf hapened betwen the lil'villiger and the big one :0
this made me batmn so hard i shot snot on myself
If an acid trip personified itself
r/villagerrights would like to know your location
Cue Mr Bean intro music
looks like they cant handle the neutron style
Wonka’s not going to be pleased about this.
The comedic timing on this is perfect.
This was like a cartoon omg fucking hilarious xD
Rip big boi
i.... LOVE IT
How to explain drugs to kids
Terrorism at its finest folks
Wait, what is a wonder apple?
Me after becoming one with Allah
That is the best shit I've seen on this subreddit so far...
"Where are you going joe?"

"Hey kid take an apple"
We hearby send these unwantables skyward.
Hope this makes your day better.

I like it! How long did it take to make?
Mumbo Jumbo would like to know your location. But for real, good job mate this is awesome
Awesome! 

And cue the Rube Goldberg Minecraft machines for the next week or so.
Good job!
r/rubegoldberg
No, you are awesome!
This did make my day better :)
u/vredditdownloader
Now that's a phrase I haven't heard in a long time. A long time.
It did, thanks mate :)
Thats satisfying! Take my upvote.
This did make my week feel better thank you
Mind blowing I don't even think I could make it.
YOU ARE AMAZING
No u
r/enthusiasticupvote
that's genius
It did, thank you.
You officially made my day!
"Legal, mas o que tem no esconderijo?"
No, you're awesome! Well done!
Thanks, bro
How many attempts did it take before you could get it right?
OH!  Minecraft Rube Goldberg machines.  What untapped potential!  This is awesome.  <3 for PRIDE.
i came
Today has been rough. Thank you for this.
This is so wholesome
This made my day!
Thank you OP!👍
You're amazing
u/VredditDownloader
So creative! Thanks for sharing your vision and hard work.
I actually was feeling kinda bad and this made me happy, thank you!
ah yes. the best useful useless machine
No, you are awesome making this
and I’m incapable of making an item sorter. Very cool!
I'm always amazed at the things people can do in this game. That was incredible!
Holy crap, this don't make my day, make my week
That is a wonderful Cube Goldberg device!
Everytime I see awesome creations like this, I feel compelled to tell the creator that they'd make an AWESOME programmer. Great job OP! If you ever decide to become a software developer, I'd like you to know that being able to mentally step through this creation of yours already puts you ahead of some of the people I've worked with
No u 🥺❤
R/villagerrights does not agree with the explosion of the rocket hurting the villager
Sorry for bad camera movement, I don’t have a controller with me.
No your answer
the first minecraft rube golberg machine i ever seen. I cant wait to see more from others!
That is fantastic~
Thanks..
Best thing I have ever seen done in Minecraft
Lies.
No u
Wish I can give u an award because u deserve it
Now do it in survival!
The risk i took was calculated


And i am amazing at math
Why does awesome mean something good but awful mean something bad?
aw an amazing complex redstone structure just for me?  aw you shouldnt have
I'm searching the disc "pigstep", and meanwhile i also got 56 gold ingots (i already found a bastion but it was an hoglin stable with only one chest with some gold nugget and raw pig meat)
I sent this to my dad and mom 
Now after half an hour we are on the way to the game shop because they are cool
This made me cry... Thank you. 💙
Please take my orange arrow you nice mf
I thought the hearts were GG hears- I’m too obsessed with Hermitcraft
Bruh...this makes my day SOOOOO much better,that's an amazing contraption!
I don't think I can even make any type of redstone contraption,so this amazes me!!!
My day has been made,thx bro!😄😄
I just ate cereal with spoiled milk. I vomited on the floor so I went to reach for the tissue. I then slipped on the spoiled milk and fell face first on the floor. I woke up in the hospital filled with confusion. I then realized no one had cared for me to go visit me to the hospital. The nurse came into the room. She said my father had called the hospital that he went to go get milk. It's been 10 years since he left to get milk. Now I'm sitting on the half-broken couch reading the Minecraft Reddit. And this however made my day way better.
You’re breathtaking
If anyone says minecraft can't be wholesome, send them this video.
Thanks! You too.
I was expecting dickbutt
More Minecraft Rube Goldbergs please.
#right before my cake day thank you man
no u
You deserve all those awards.
Dude this is sick I can’t use redstone for the life of me
*No, you're awesome*
Oh. Oh yes it did
I can't believe it wasn't a dickbutt honestly.
Very epic
Thanks :D
Well thank you
Good show
I was in bad mood  because I couldn't find anyone to help me with achievements in gta 5 on ps4, thank you for this
Wait, observers can detect items?
 Very cool!
Yes, this has made my day
This is super awesome!
Nice, I made a Rube goldberg machine recently in scrap mechanic
That was awesome!
You really did a good job. Well done man
Great job
First time I’ve seen a Rube Goldberg machine in Minecraft, that’s really cool
I was really hoping for a Rick Roll.
It did! Thank you!!
Thank you friend, it actually did.
That's avesome!
Nothing tops a Rube Goldberg machine in Minecraft. Except for maybe a Rickroll...
Damn dude this was amazing
This whole think just to lie?

why?
I have a huge sweet spot for Rube-Goldberg machines. This is really cool!
It was good until the upvote sign
Aww. Thanks, you are a kind person :)
See ya later in hot, take my updoot.
Hooman is hap :)
Awesome! Now we are going to be seeing these all week.
No u
I love it!
Not gonna lie was expecting a rick roll
Dude, awesome machine!
Thanks, man!
Dont give me hope
If only I had self esteem left.
That did make my day better. Thank you kind stranger
My favorite part was the zombie and the villager
u/nehru42069
Great work , keep it up !
Awesome!!!
Oh man I haven't seen a Minecraft Rube Goldberg machine in ages. Takes me back.
Haha nice
Hol up I'm gonna send this to my friends
no but thnks
Did you do this on Bedrock Edition?
Go, take my fucking upvote
I tell you what, it honestly did make my day better, thank you kind stranger
This is awesome, good job! :)
That's amazing!
It did. Thanks.
Someone give this dude a "give me your energy" or gold award please, I can't do it myself. :(
Nice
Damn thats amazing haha.
No, you are awesome! We’re all awesome!
I had to make one of these in school. We made it so my fish would pull a string and the "got'em" hand would show on a piece of paper.
I cried at the end
Damnn. Thats awesome dude. Creativity level 1000
Minecraft!!!!!!!!
Yes, its make better
I woke up extra tired and not wanting to get out of bed for work. It made my day a whole lot better.
No u
This is art!
Stuff like this makes me wish replay mod were available for 1.16.
No, youre awesome!
This is dude perfect, and welcome to minecraft trick shots
*imagine forgetting to record*
Good Job!
Give this man an AWARD
My redstone knowledge is limited to using a piston to move a block....
And then theres this...
Beautiful
Thank you
I had a bad day, this helped
I have to say, this genuinely made my terrible morning, better.
Thats impressive i suck at redstone
This is so beautifully wholesome, thank you!!!
Aww, that is so cool! Thanks mate
Props for using concrete powder and involving actual effort.
Thank you, ßrøthēr.
I liked it until the arrow
Thx i needed it
u/vredditdonwnloader
Thank you
Thanks bro
Thanks ! Great work. You are awesome !
No i aint
Thanks man, i really needed this, i was feeling like i was worthless but thanks for the kind words :' )
Just trying to do one of those contraptions would take me a while dang week
nice
Gotta love a good Rube Goldberg Machine.
Who else upvotes when they saw the upvote?
Thank you! You are awesome too
Bruh, this video reminded me of Mousetrap.
Definitely worth and upvote, like holy shit!
Lol this is like a dude perfect trick shot
It’s like that board game, Mouse Trap
No. You.
I like it very entertaining
Ahhh this is so satisfying!!
This is absolutely amazing. Thank you man ❤️
And I can just about fix a button to a door....
Thanks mate!
How many backups?
It's impressive and all that but.... lightmode? Smdh
I needed that. My little stepbrother just trashed my creative world and I had to do /kill @e
I love you man (no homo) this actually made my week, I dont have any redd coins but here's my bootleg platinum👊🏽
Surprisingly, yes it does. Been dealing with a water leak at my apt. So thanks for making me smile today!
was enjoying it until the blatant lies at 0:45, can't believe this slander
Thank you, it did. I was having a rough time today so it is really appreciated ❤️
Hey thanks
This is just a constant reminder that I don’t know Jack shit about redstone
I need this today, thank you <3
You made me smile!!! Thank you for the video,  including the rainbow and sharing it with all of us!!!
Finally.  I post with effort put into it.
A large price to pay for a positive message
is this a...MINECRAFT RUBE GOLDBERG MACHINE!?
My day is going pretty bad recently, thank you for this kind sir, I will be better soon
The only thing I don’t think is correct is the colour of the upvote button
Please put the same amount of thought and energy into solving faster than light travel. ;)
This deserves every upvote it gets, and more
Ahsoka Tano toward the end there was a very nice touch.
That's awesome ! One thing I don't get, though, is how you managed to activate the observer after the bell waterfall.
Best rupe goldberg machine I've ever seen
You just made the world a little better place. Thank you!
There’s so much about this game I don’t understand. Lol
That was beautiful! Thank you for the smiles you amazing person <3
 This is amazing!
No, YOU are awesome!
That's coollll
I’m too poor to give you an award but I can give you this 🥇
Thx
Thanks : )
This is awesome! Did you see Mumbo Jumbo’s video where he made a machine like this?
Nah man, you are awesome for making this masterpiece. Good job.
Awesome great work
Wow! Amazing <3
That is epic my man.. or woman.. that helped turn my day around, thank you for doing that and sharing it!
This genuinely put a smile on my face. I love you OP... you’re awesome!
Ngl, I thought the end message would say

##SEND NUDES

But anyway this is awesome, thanks
a happy machine!! who remembers this from hermitcraft season... 4 or 5? dang
This made my day so much, because today I almost got lost in my city, thank you
Omg you’re amazing!! This totally did make my day! Thank you!
This goonies would be proud this gets an updoot
It did make me feel better, thanks lol
This made me realize that I will never be able to make something on this caliber. Good Job
I've been having an increasingly shitty day. Thank you.
Yes
uPvOtEs are RED
And u r awesome as well
i would die for you
Damn man, I love the amount of time and effort you put in this and it did in fact make my day :)
MIND BLOWING! AMAZING JOB
You diserv a raword
I spy the Vesko prismarine spikes in the back
I absolutely love this
In the background, you see he tries to make mubo jumbo's base.
You are breathtaking bro
Get Gorgeous
Its, magnificent
Feels like a cage should drop onto a mouse at the end.
Im not really sure what or how minecraft works, but I know this is really cool
this is awesome!
Suddenly Rube Goldberg
As today is my birthday, I believe you made this solely for me.  Thanks!!
Yeah thanks yo
Thank you. I was feeling down today and you made my day a bit better. You’re awesome too!
Its so good
Dope
That's just beautiful :)
It's like that tabletop game abput trapping rats
Get gorgeous GG. Lol
Advaced redstone in bedrock edition?!?

That's illegal
It has. Thank you.
If I'm looking at redstone I can understand it pretty quick but if I'm tryna make a contraption my brain goes blank like "what's a redstone"
It did
Amazing! Thanks, cool! I think it took a long time
Would it be sad if it actually were the first thing that made me really smile today? ^^`
This gets my upvote
Oh it certainly just did.
One of the best things I’ve seen.
This did put a smile on my face!  Great work!
This is awesome. ❤️
This made me think of the OKGO - This too shall pass video. 

So I played them side by side. Start your video when the OKGO music video starts! It doesn't match up perfectly but it's a lot of fun!
This definitely made my day better thank you
Thank you very much. I really needed that. You are awesome too.  


  
On a side note, it should have ended with an anvil lol...
Thank you :)
I see some of Veskos/Mumbos tower frames
No, YOU are awesome
What the mcfuck
Domino videoes on youtube be like
I expected "send nudes" but ok
r/mademesmile
Thanks, I really needed it
Awww, thank you, it did. Very nicely done.
Needed this thanks 😊
It definitely did
Imagine if Original Milo™ had this
It didn’t make my day better but impressive
Yay! A rube goldberg machine in minecraft!!!
holup when did observers start detecting entities??? other than that amazing build!!!
can you make a download link
My day is already good but thanks!
Was expecting ‘send nudes’ tbh
Thank U  ur awesome
Amazing!!!
Yep!
Meanwhile i can only do cube stone houses with glass windows at most lol
This gives me Redstone Wars 4: GenerikB vs. SethBling vibes. I can vividly remember drinking chocolate milk and eating nutter butters after school as I watched then build their Rube Goldberg machines. Simpler times...
It reminds me of one of those Rube Goldberg machines. Nice work!
*but how did the zombie not burn in the daylight*
thank you for making my day better! :)
Went trough some shit today and this helps alot. Thanks Bro
Thanks man
Amazing
Bless you and your family
Thank you, this made me smile
this is fucking amazing! i wonder how people do shit like that sometimes
Thanks :)
This is so cute I love it!!
Nice
I am not awsome, I am dumb.
That made me smile at the upvote but then smile even bigger at the end. Thanks for posting it :)
May I have your permission to repost this on r/The8BitRyanReddit? I'll give full credit to you, promise.
thanks, I needed
No u
I was 99% sure you were gonna sike us all, but I'm glad you didn't. Thank you. You're awesome, friend!
No u
NO U
I wish my dad would say that :(
Amazing. Am I the only one who was disappointed it wasn’t a dick but?
This made me feel nice
Wow
Reminds me of that game mouse trap
Bedrock edition usually makes my day worse
My game would’ve crashed before I clicked the button lol
It's so impressive it's scary! Well done
This is amazing
Thank you!!!
It definitely did, thank you :D
This is tje first time I upvoted something while the person asked for it
This was amazing!
It's kind of sad to see all those contraptions that were made to be destroyed, but it was awesome to see.
No! Your awesome
I was half expecting to be Rick Rolled here
And the award for the best Rue Goldberg machine goes to... THIS GUY!
THIS IS SO WHOLESOME OMG <3333
I was hoping for Rick Astley, why are you here?
That was nice
This is one of the most wholesome things I've ever seen :D
And i cant make an automatic door
This made my day better, I'm so glad I got to see this on my break
Very clever :)
Omg I love this so much! Thank you for taking the time to make it. It really did make my day.
I'm not. But thank u :)
Why thank you for reminding me that I am awesome (Awesome020). Really cool tho, I always like Rube Goldberg type stuff.
I'm not awesome
I love mc rube Goldberg machines!
Thanks bro
Thank u
no you are
It did
Thank you for this
is this a mega base in the background inspired by mumbo jumbo?
I actually really needed thx
You are the OK GO of Minecraft
Cube Goldberg.
Haha I didn’t expect to but I smiled :) thanks
Wholesomw
And I can’t even build a decent house
People like you make my day, great work!
I was thoroughly convinced "send nudes" would be at the end.
He is more academically ahead than anyone with a Harvard degree
No, you’re awesome!
u/vredditdownloader
DAMN THATS AWESOME! also how the fuck did you fling the blocks?
I for sure thought it would be a Rick Roll or Dick Butt at the end.
TBH, I was expecting the Mouse Trap board game at first.

This made my day better!
that Was awesome it really did make my day better
Thanks OP i needed a little pick me up, today has been crazy IRL and on Video Games, got my progress wiped on hypixel skyblock over nothing and i had so much as ive been playing for a long time and am currently trying to fix this and not even the hypixel admins dont know what to do, wish me luck
No u
It's a minecraft rugoldberg!
Thanks, this made my day
This did make my day better. Thanks man.
"He showed me an upvote officer I had no choice but to upvote."
I really needed this thanks man
At first I was thinking it was some sort of recreation of the board game Mouse Trap
Wow how did you do it, any tutorial?
Cuteeee
I see that you were also trying to get Mumbo's tower to be the same height whether its straight or diagonal. How did you get the distances and stuff?
I admittedly chuckled at the end, good job OP
This is amazing!
I got laid off today and this did make today so much better. Thank you. ❤️
ok i'll give u orange house
Thanks
I’m curious about what happened to the zombie & villager
I love Rube Goldberg redstone.
Reminds me of that weird board game with the elaborate mouse trap for some reason
Man thanks man and the project is so good!
Is this get gorgeous logo?
Dang. All of the crazes in one video
Thank you. I really needed that today.
Gimme a kiss
WOW
Wow thanks! That’s really well done.
Love it! I hope this becomes a thing.
you're awesome :)
it did make my day better bröther
thank you so much
https://youtu.be/p-e1GbPb3f8
u/idkausername_27 you should post this in r/wholesomememes I believe it belongs there
r/nextfuckinglevel
Speed runs be like
u/vredditdownloader
It did
Nice use of dried kelp block in the sign at the end
No, yoU ARE AWESOME! 

*in Keanu's voice .. obv*
And I can’t even craft a sword in Minecraft
This is, unbelievable
Wow very cool
i havent played mc in a long time and im smiling big time thank you
:D ily for this
Thanks fam, it really did. You're a legend.
This is so well made and cute! I'll be saving this post in case any of my Minecraft loving friends and relatives need a pick me up :D
No *you* are awesome
This made me feel better, thank you.
