With a score of 15% on Rotten Tomatoes, this movie is proof that a low RT score does not predict how funny a movie is.

Where do you get your weed?

From you Dante!
Hey can I ask you a favor?

No, you can't cum on my dad
Great movie. The first time watching the scene when Jeff’s mom walks in on Alex masturbating, I almost passed out from laughing.
Sit on my face 🤖
How much do clothes cost in the matrix?
We’ll go to the looney bin together, I don’t give a f***!
Your bed is a car

Yea, but it’s a freakin sweet car. 


Adios Turd nuggets!
*imitating J.P* My name is J.P. I am a robot. I have a robot vagina
It’s one of those things where the fact that the humor is lowbrow seems to take away from the fact that there’s actually great jokewriting in it.
What’s high score, did I break it?!?
You can get past a dog, but nobody fucks with a lion.
Underrated film., they also don't make movie covers like that anymore..I don't believe in RT most of the time anyway nor do I trust peoples opinions either
MY BEEF STROOONG
I ignore reviews/ ratings for comedies and horror movies. Critics and audiences never seem to like them as much as they do action/ drama/ thrillers and shit like that.
You never throw a bong, Kid
I once gave Charlie Chaplin a handjob.

No way … was he silent ?
“You were such a slut” “what do you mean were?”
Soooo underrated
this is a classic

dont lions eat deer?

thats true kid. dr shakala we gotta be careful
Absolutely one of my fav movies. So many quotable quotes. 

“Nice karma, Guy-Blow” 💎
I always say this is the best Adam Sandler movie.   Lol.   I remember seeing it in theaters and thinking “This is gonna be rough” at that first scene (Loughran mostly) but was all uphill from there!
In high school I worked at a video store, and we always got new movies a week before they were available to rent. I had no idea what this movie was, but knew it was about video games and weed which were two priorities for me. Friday night before release (I think movies released on Mondays?) I took this to a friends house and we watched it 3 times straight. Will always remember that…
Jeff : So Barry sucked on his first boobie last night.
[people clap] 
Barry : [Gleaming with pride]  For 13 hours.
Let's fuckin rage!

I mean let's fly with the seabirds or whatever.
This is why I can’t have conversations about movies with people that call it “cinema”. 

Does this movie have great cinematography? Is the lighting and sound design exquisite? I don’t fucking know. Did I notice how when Character A entered the room, the camera panned left, thus capturing the isolation of the landscape? No. That sounds weird. 

Does it make me laugh? Every goddamn time. It’s damn near perfect. 

Edited to add Eurotrip is also a classic that gets no respect.
I can hear my hair growing
“Monkey??!!”
"I'll smoke it with you bro. We'll go to the looney bin together, I don't give a fuck!"
I Hate Your Face 🤖🤖🤖
"Shiiitttss weak"  

"Wiiizeeeek"
If I would have known , I’d trimmed my antlers
You’ll never get robot legs…
Of course she doesn't have a microwave she's fuckin' 100
"Oh where'd Sophie move?" 
"Heaven."
They picked a parade of losers to review this lol.  Movie is hilarious
Hahaha David Spade as the waiter at the vegan restaurant.

'*Everyone's* buzzing about the bean sprout quesadilla.'

'Well we don't serve alcohol, but we do have shots...of wheatgrass.'
I love my turtle
“Jeff’s a fucking liar, Timmy!”
"Just go pee in the alley."

"I have to pee out of my ass."
This looks about 60 different ways of wrong
Seriously this movie is one of my faves, it’s so damn funny 😆
This movie is Epic
That’s crazy. I legit think this movie is excellent and hilarious
Congrats on the Gray Bush
Adios turd nuggets! Prrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
So me and my 2 buddies went to go see this movie in the theater, we were ... in the right state of mind to see this movie...

It was a empty theater and we all sat in the very back row.

A double date showed up and sat 2 rows in front of us, during the movie there was no laughter coming from them. They were just sitting there and one of the girls ended up just getting on her phone.

Meanwhile my buddies and I are laughing uncontrollably. It was such a good stoner movie, it hit all the right funny bones.

After the movie the 2 copules get up and one of the girls says to her boyfriend... "This movie sucked, you must have had to been high to enjoy it"

Pan the camera to us 3 sitting there still laughing saying "this is the greatest movie of all time!!!!"

It was a great moment, because yes, being high did make the movie better, but isn't that the case for all movies? Have you seen Passion of the Christ..... on weed?????
I watched this sat like 8 year old 😂
You remember Laura?  Yeah, and she looks like she’s already getting a cold sore
And there I am face to face with the king of the jungle!
There was this fire..I was trying to save it from this baby..
YOU'RE A HOOKER!
I can't believe you came on my mom
Gay robot!
There was a year as a teen when I spent the summer getting high and then watching this thinking it was the funniest movie ever
15% that’s insane. I love this movie it is freakin hilarious.
Mid
I stop using RT for comedy movies after The Other guys got a bad score.
***Oh cool I hope it’s a naked dude with a boner!***
In my experience, that 15% is probably all guys. I remembered laughing my ass off at this movie but not remembering alot about it. Showed it to my wife and hyped it up and wow she hated it and left the room in about 20 minutes.
The whole movie was great but Nick Swardson was the stand out for me.
I hope it’s a naked dude with a boner
“I once gave Charlie Chaplin a handjob.”

“Was he silent?”

Still one of the funniest lines I’ve ever heard.
High score? What does that mean. Did I win?
"Why are you naked?"

"Holy shit I am naked! Come on in!"

"Dude. Your ass is tanner than my face."
Rotten Tomatoes doesn’t predict anything. It’s a review aggregator. The 15% just means not many critics liked it. That’s all. Do some people take the RT score as gospel as to the quality of a movie? Yes absolutely. But the score ultimately means nothing. If you want to see a movie you’re going to watch it regardless of the score. I know I do.
This movie was awful. Awful funny
This was the last movie I saw with my Grandma before her mind really started to go. We both laughed our asses off.
High score, what does that mean?
Did i break it?
It’s just proof that Rotten Tomatoes is a rotten pile of steaming shit. Ghostsbusters 2016 is 73% stating that it was able to stand on its own, even if it “pales somewhat” in comparison to the original. SOMEWHAT? Site is just garbage.
Rotten Tomatoes is not to blame. It’s the critics who are to blame man. No talent ass clown fucks who have the audacity to judge a movie. These critics act like they are the “authority” on what is good. 

Any critic is a piece of shit in my mind. It’s all personal opinion. 

And they write every article with a thesaurus shoved up their assholes.
The types of people who leave reviews are not the types I would take movie/show advice from. Critics are cucks who can’t create.
Movie critics are notoriously harsh on comedies, both because movie critics are humorless cunts *and* because studios stopped making good comedy movies in 2008
What's up silver fox?

I'm usually not sold on stupid humor movies but this one was an exception for me.
Personally I didn't care for it.
“Funny” is subjective, just like opinions in general. The people who liked that movie no doubt saw it no matter what critics said and enjoyed it enough, while most of the rest of the people who saw it were either unimpressed or annoyed.
Idk, the antagonist pretend robot dude made me want to stop watching.
It’s honestly pretty low for a variety of reasons…

Lack of a central plot for one, and resolved with cringey gameplay & reactions.

This reminds me of that future movie where ‘the day is saved’ when Vince Vaughn beats a resort clerk over a round of Guitar Hero.
Humor is subjective.
I fucking hate this movie. I been working QA in the gaming industry since 2008. This movie gets so much stuff wrong about my career! I hate when I tell people what I do for a living and they ask, "just like grandma's boy?" Fuck this film!
I'm going to rewatch this today.
how much do clothes cost in the matrix?
Yeah but don't use RT, unless it's for newer stuff. IMDB after years will kind of settle usually where a movie should be.

&#x200B;

IMDb RATING

6.9, 85k votes.
Rotten Tomatoes is a joke...
This movie is hilarious people on RT don't know what they're talking about
Critics tend to rate comedies lower idk why
All right you Fuckin nerds…….who wants a shot at the champ ?
Love this movie, just watched it again the other day.

Best happy Madison film about video games
“Dude you got skills.”
*Using controllers staring at a blank tv*
This movie is a master piece.
Wow JP that is a great outfit,how much do clothes cost in the matrix?
Dude anyone can get past a dog, but nobody fucks with a Lion!
How can they see me?
15% critic score vs 85% audience score. Always look at the audience score, critics tend to be out of touch.
Mix it all in one
Phones for you, I think it’s the devil.
It's for you...I think it's the devil!
This is top tier stoner comedy. It’s also just a really well written comedy film
Strange Wilderness has a 5% on rotten tomatoes which is criminal.
Movie is a classic all around
WHO WANTS A PIECE OF THE GREY BUSH!
Me and my gf end up watching that movie about once a year.   I personally think it’s a great movie to watch with friends.   Maybe over drinks,  I don’t smoke but I’m sure it would be a great stoner movie too.
She has a STD from the silent film era.
Do you guys have restrooms, or do I have to sh!t in a tree?
This is my go to stoner just wanna relax movie.
Fuck Rotten Tomatoes this is an amazing movie.
Nobody fucks with a lion 🦁
You can get past a dog, but no one fucks with a lion
New high score!

*is that bad?*
The scene where his grandmother actually made ice cream sandwiches and the bikers accepted it always puts me in a good mood
“I have to pee out my ass”
You forgot smoking lamp!
Freddy got Fingered. ‘I got you jewels, Betty! JEWELS! I got you jewels.’ That movie makes me laugh every time.
Critics are paid either to hype or bash movies. In between reviews about how average a movie are incredibly unappealing.
Audience score of 85% is more like it. The audience score is always more reliable unless there is some BS political reason for idiots to review bomb a movie.
Love Grandma's Boy and RT ratings are trash,anyway.
Adios turd nuggets!
How did he see me?
Just like how Dewey Cox is the best Will Ferrell movie Will Ferrell isn't in, this is the best Adam Sandler movie Adam Sandler isn't in.
Lots of decent comedy movies get low ratings for reasons other than the comedy aspect... which is just silly. A comedy should be based on how funny it is, if it is strictly a comedy like Grandmas Boy about something like smoking weed.
Wow I guess this is my favorite “worst rated movie”
What’s up shit lips?
This is one of my favorite movies. I still rewatch it from time to time.
Grandma's Boy and Fanboys are two obscure films with several brilliant moments of comedy. I love them both and they are my comfort movies. I appreciate this post!
Ya but that is critic score. No one cares about critic scores anymore. We all just look at the 80% on the audience score. The further the gap in critic VS audience the better you know it will likely be.
Such a goddamn good and quotable movie.
It's one of the few movies I wish I saw in theaters. I rented it on a whim on vacation and loved it.
Shit’s weak! SHIIiiit’s weak!
That’s insane. This movie is hilarious. Never would’ve guessed it was rated so poorly.
This movie is one of the few that perfectly balances on the line between ridiculously dumb and absolutely hilarious. See also Eurotrip.
Monkey learns fast
I was in 6th grade when this came out in theaters, my mom took me to see it because she loves Adam Sandler and his lil crew.

The masturbation scene was awkward for me, but she was dying.
Sup Grey Bush
I’m always surprised at just how many people get my reference when I quote from this movie. It has been a great ice breaker.
One of the best movies to have on repeat in the college dorm! Lol
Samantha....

you. 

will. 

be.

miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinneeeeee
By far one the funniest movies of all time. And the most quoted by my friends and I.
Honestly this movie didn’t get the credibility it deserved until way way later in years
I saw this movie waaaay too young and only rewatching recently have I grown to appreciate it.
 Pretty sure this movie has the biggest gap between audience score and critic score. The people have spoken!
RT GAVE THIS A 15% !?!?!  WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. THIS SHIT IS HILARIOUS!!
The trailer looks amazing!
This is one of few DVDs I owned as a teenager. I have probably watched it hundreds if not thousands of times. Even put it on to go to sleep too! Never got old. But haven't seen it in years. Probably going to watch it tonight, thanks for sharing and reminding me of it's existence. Been crazy recently so this this will be a nice night. Wish my kids were older so they could watch it with me and laugh! 

Can't believe it has a shit score. It's an amazing movie! Alot of memories with this movie. Also smoked a ton of pot back then so was always a good time lol
What's that ringing? Do I have a tumor?
It's my number 1 feel good movie. I love it so much.
This is the funniest movie of all time
This movie was funny asf
WHATS UNDER THE SKIRT LAURA !
God dammit this movie is great.
I love this movie. I have fond memories watching this as a kid with my parents and laughing at some of the ridiculous things that happened. Obviously not every joke registered to me then, but as I got older and rewatched it I got them. 

My mom liked saying I was like the robot guy. Perhaps I was too young to watch this at first, but I still love ir!
One of my favorite movies, and imo one of the best comedies ever. The vibes in this movie are just so perfect.
This movie was pretty good!!!! Better than a lot of the other sandler produced crap
A lot of the acting was pretty bad, but still a very funny movie.
Great movie I now don't trust rotten tomatoes
Review scores aren't "predictions", they are reactions.  There is a BIG difference.
Is like Cypress Hill concert in here! I don't rent to these people!
How can he see me?
Definitely on my top 5. A good time is what it is.
How did he see me?
I will add Freddy Got Fingered to the list of critically panned (for good reason) yet hilarious movies. I also think She's Out of My League and Our Idiot Brother are criminally underrated.
I don’t give a flying fuck about movie scores.
New high score? What’s that mean? Did I break it?
Why was there a banana on the baking try. What was he trying to accomplish with that. Probably my favorite little funny thing in the whole movie
You’re getting a lion, why don’t you just get a dog like a normal person. 

Bro, you can get passed a dog, no one’s gonna fuck with a lion.
I’m a middle aged woman and say “high score…what does that mean….did I break it?” at least once a month for no reason.   

10/10 stoner flick.  The critics are wrong.
It's hilarious but it's a pretty shit movie. Massive plot hole with the single CD being the only copy of the game and then because of that the whole ending doesn't make sense. Like why couldn't JP just prove he made the game by showing his code for it?
Alex! You forgot smoking lamp.
Fuck stop hitting me
Unspoken classic
What does high score mean, did I break it?
Classic
Comedy is subjective. That being said, this movie is objectively funny.
One of the best Stoner movies ever made
I enjoyed Grandma’s Boy! I also enjoyed Irish Jam and Honey 3 never seeing Honey 1 or 2.  Sometimes a random ass movie just hits the spot.
I can vaguely remember this being one of the last movies I  rented at a Hollywood Video (2006) I didn’t know what to expect from the cover. Hadn’t seen a trailer. Just rented it with my cousin in town on a whim. We never stopped quoting it for years.
Rotten tomatoes is honestly not a valid metric for reviews, the way they aggregate scores doesn’t accurately reflect the way a movie was rated by an audience
The greatest Happy Madison movie ever made.
This and *The House Bunny* are the most underrated Sandler flicks
JP outtakes on a Segway is so damn funny. Him laughing and making his voice even higher is great.
NOBODY FUCKS WITH A LION 🦁
Well was it the rt score or audience score?
sucks to you, nerd.
This is one of those movies I put on repeat while gaming. 

Eurotrip too. 

Are they cinematic masterpieces? No. 

But they aren’t meant to be. 

They’re meant to be dumb funny goofy flicks and they succeed at it
I don't know what you are, but I'm gonna fuckin' eat you too!
Never trust a movie review. Strange Wilderness is just as funny also made by happy madison.
Omfg as a huge stoner back in the day this was MY. JAAAAAAMM!!!! Anyone who came into my place had to of seen this movie at least once or else I played it for them lol
Alex!! You forgot smoking lamp!!
This movie is part of a truly defining era in my life. You know that time in your late teens when you're really trying to figure out who you are and you have all these really random good memories with your friends. Smoking weed at midnight, with a bag of ruffles, in a shitty trailer, in the bad part of town, watching this movie is one of them. 100% score for me.
One of the best closing lines in cinema

"YEAH MONKEY, KARATE CHOP THE ELEPHANT!"
Do you shop in the matrix ?
Who tf respects rotten tomatoes anymore?  

*This message brought to you by the IMDB gang*
Facts! I love this movie
Grandma drank all my pot :(
RT is shit, anyway
I love this fucking movie
I can’t remember a movie this good that got destroyed by critics that bad. They dismantled it before it even got a chance with audiences. 
Go Monkey! karate chop the elephant!
Baby want milk!
An all time favorite!
Lost a lot of afternoons to this movie in my 20s with my roommates.  Almost 20 years later "You'll never have metal legs" can still be heard in the right group of people.
RT is a great resource except when it comes to horror and comedy
What does high score mean?
Critic's do not have a sense of humour, this is the rule
Don't judge me monkey
Its definitely a low brow romp, its objectively not a "great" film, but it is absolutely hilarious.
"I mean, you saw a lot of stuff go down. World War I, World War II, the automobile, Tupac."

"I once gave Charlie Chaplin a handjob."

"Was he silent?"
several movies are proof that RT is shit
God I love this movie.
I feel like the majority of those ratings are from people that have only seen the Comedy Central hackjob edit. I had a friend staying with me years ago and he loves stoner comedies so I suggested this movie. He told me he's seen it and didn't think it was funny. I asked him if he had only seen the CC edited version and he said yes. I put on the unrated version and he was dying laughing.
I'm not one for critic reviews, this is one of my favorite comedy's I can watch at any given time and enjoy it.
How did he see me?!?
Mr. Li hoo???
I went to visit a buddy who just watched this. He said it was amazing and we watched it right then. Then we called everyone we knew to come over and watched it again. I've never had such excitement since.
I loved this movie so much that I watched it with my father (I was in my 40s…he was in his 70s) and we laughed and laughed …
That is an absolutely awesome movie poster. I’d love to see modern movies done in that style, it’s like if MAD made movie posters
I’m thinking about getting metal legs. It’s a risky operation
Linda Cardellini…
Funniest movie ever
Grandmas Boy is GOAT tier stoner comedy.
"What's up silver fox?"

"Dude fuck that we'll go to the looney bin together!"
"Shiiit's weak" 🎵
 This movie is amazing
This movie is 9.0/10
RT is an awful scoring website, IMDB is the only good one
Who unironically still uses RT 🤣
There's a podcast called Cinephobe where they only review movies with a RT score of 40% or lower (audience or critic)


It's one of my favorite podcast.
Drive, monkey, drive!
How did they see me?
Absolutely hilarious, incredible it has a low score at all really lol
My all time favorite comedy movie
Let me guess, was your dick on fire?
All time Classic
... I love my turtle.
A horrible, terrible, awful, incredibly funny movie that downright misrepresented every aspect of being a game tester and yet is universally beloved by gamers
You gotta focus on the audience score or IMDb. Rotten Tomatoes critics are a fucking joke sometimes.
Grandma’s boy is an underrated masterpiece
Love all these comments/quotes... definitely gonna burn a few and re-watch this masterpiece!
Way to many quotes in this one. Absolute classic 😂😂😂
And this movie costarred future 2-time Oscar nominated actor Jonah Hill...sucking on a booby for 13 hours straight
I love this movie. Just another reason I never look at the scores on rotten tomatoes. Still cracks me up to this day.
Dude, your ass is tanner than my face
This movie is great
“I’m just doing my Xmas tree”
“Dude……it’s July”

“Your ass is tanner than my face”
One of my all time favorite comedies and most quotable movies. Thoughts on this one?

What do you mean you people? This movie is definitely a top 5 for me.
My personal favorite line (aside from Les Grossman’s flaming dragon phone call) is at the beginning in the Scorcher 6 trailer when the camera zooms in through the ice age apocalypse onto Tugg Speedman and all he says is 

“who left the fridge open?”

I die every time

Also “COVER ME, YOU LIMP-DICK FUCKUPS”
Honestly think this might be Tom cruises best performance. When he screams on the phone makes me cry of laughter every time
 Never go full retard
Probably ben stiller's funniest movie and the writing is fucking genius.
It makes mmmmmy eyes rain.
…And Mtv Movie awards best kiss winner Toby Maguire…. SATAN’S ALLEY
The greatest piss-take on Hollywood ever made and my vote for the funniest comedy of all time. We'll never see the likes of it again.
Rum tum tuggernauts it's time to shave your head and get you back on the monkey bars
A nutless monkey could do your job
Gimmie the god damn map
If you’re going to be marooned on mars and you can only take five movies with you…this is one of them
NO YOU CANT HAVE ANY FUCKING JELLYBEANS!
"Now I want you to take a step back... and literally fuck your own face!"
Wow, you’re a great American. This nation owes you a huge debt… NOW SHUT THE FUCK UP, AND LET ME DO MY JOB!
IM A LEAD FARMER MOTHERFUCKA
Fartin in the bathtub laughin yo ass off
The DVD was a Christmas gift for my father and it sat on his nightstand for two years before we decided to take it out of the wrap. We wondered why we waited so long to watch it after we finally put it in a player. I just wish I could still buy a can of Booty Sweat.
“Man that’s the theme song from the Jeffersons!”

“Just ‘cause it’s a theme song don’t make it not true”
[deleted]

When you wrote I Love Tha Pussy, was you thinking of dangling your dice on Lance's forehead?
Tropic thunder is top 5 all time for me 

Superbad 

Old school 

Good boys 

Pineapple express 

Tropic thunder 

Honorable mention 

Hot shots part deaux
All-timer of a comedy. One of the best satires about making movies ever.
The only time I’ve ever been ok with blackface. Lol. He looked just like my dad. It was bonkers.
Man, everyone's gay once in a while. It's Hollywood.
This movie actually has what I consider to be Tom cruises best performance. He’s so good as les grossman.
Playa…big dick playa…

Swinging past ya knees!!!
“Alpa if you untie me right now I will literally suck your dick, I’ll cradle the balls stroke the shaft and swallow the gravy get it over here buddy let’s do this!”
I love this movie. "SURVIVE!"
SUCK MY UNIT
Outstanding movie, even the trailers at the beginning. Tobey McGuire and RDJ [Satan's Alley Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuziQsUrbeM). It's a joke/satire but they each gave it 110% dedication which makes it even more hilarious.
Youve been talking to me this whole time????
Ben Stiller looks like Sam Harris
Incredible. Just watched this again about a year ago with one of my college buddies, never gets old. Side splitting laughter.
I grew up on Booty Sweat and Bust-A-Nut bars
Nearly flawless comedy. My only gripe with it was I didn't like  the flaming dragon leader being a child. Not his fault, but the kid was just cringy compared to the rest of the movie
🤣🤣🤣🤣, words could not express
I'm a lead farmer mother fucker
He's making a fucking sweater here.  I'm tryin' to put tiger balm on this jungle's nuts
Nance, I said NANCE!
Tom cruises really caught me off guard with this one. I didn’t expect that role from him at all and the fact that he specifically requested those fat hands and dancing makes it even better for me.
It’s peak comedy for its era. A reboot for the career of Tom Cruise.
"We're supposed to be a unit."

"Suck my unit."
Les Grossman, who is this?

Okay, Flaming Dragon. Fuckface. First, take a big step back... and literally FUCK YOUR OWN FACE!

Now, I don't know what kind of pan-Pacific bullshit power play you're trying to pull here, but Asia, Jack, is my territory. So whatever you're thinking, you'd better think again.

Otherwise I'm gonna have to head down there and I will rain down an ungodly fucking firestorm upon you! You're gonna have to call the fucking United Nations and get a fucking binding resolution to keep me from fucking destroying you.

I am talking SCORCHED earth, motherfucker! I will massacre you! I WILL FUCK YOU UP!
"Winner of the Beijing Film Festival's coveted Crying Monkey Award"
amazing movie

will never see another one like this with the current times
I thought it was hilarious. But how would you rank it within:

The Hangover

Hot Fuzz

Super Bad

This Is The End
I know who I am!

Amazing movie that could never be made today
Survive!
Schpit! Day shi out maane!
Excellent movie
Legitimately an ATG comedy and hasn’t aged poorly the same way American Pie, Blazing Saddles and Animal House have.
*GIMME THAT GODDAMN MAP!*
"You know, back before the war broked out, I was a saucier in San Antone..."
Drink booty sweat ya'll
Ain’t no Criss Angel, Mindfreak, David Blaine, trap door type horseshit goin’ on in here!
The Tom Cruise scenes are my favorites
you have good taste in movies
Cruise's best role ever
I watch it every few years. With the exception of Dumb and Dumber, it is my favorite comedy for wildly different reasons.
Les Grossman deserved an Oscar nomination
This is pretty crazy because Ben Stiller just told the woke mob to screw off and he's not apologizing for making Tropic Thunder. I'm glad, great comedy movies have disappeared and it sucks. This movie is a comedic masterpiece.
Ok guys…. It’s passed, you can untie me.  
If you untie me I will suck your dick right now!
‘I told you for the last time, I love da pussy!’
I’ll cradle the balls, stroke the shaft, work the pipe, swallow the gravy….Get it over here buddy, let’s do this!
Listen here flaming dragon, **fuck face**. I  don’t know what kinda pan pacific power play your tryna pull here, but Asia, Jack, is my territory. So, whatever you’re thinking you better think again because otherwise i will have to come down there and rain and **ungodly fucking firestorm upon you**. You’re going to have to call the fucking United Nations and have them sign a fucking binding resolution to keep me from FUCKING destroying you. I am talking SCORCHED EARTH mother FUCKER. I will MASSACRE YOU. I WILL FUCK *YOU* **UP**!
What’s really amazing is how many times throughout the movie I forgot it was Robert Jr 😂
"First of all, take a big step back and literally... FUCK YOUR OWN FACE!!!"
Big ass titties!
[deleted]
Not a fan, probably just the style of humor i dont like.  Its like actors laughing about being actors and actor things.  With metatextual jokes about who certain      actors are irl and the jokes play more off if that than good writing imo.  It was like a full length cameo movie like spy kids or the early 2000 charlies angels movie

Edit i know its not a popular opinion
One of my favorites.
One of my all time favorite movies. The gorey bayonet kill at the beginning always stuck with me as a kid, now it just reminds me of spaghetti. 
“I don’t know it’s name…I just know the sound it makes when it takes a man’s life”
My friends and I quote the movie almost every damn day lol. A favorite and hilarious movie.
I first saw this on bootleg DVD overseas and we didn't know it was Tom Cruise until we got back to the States. What a surprise! And a great movie.
Ima dude playing another dude. I KNOW WHO I AM!!
I like blacks and jack black and Robert here black 😎
Awesome movie! Probably in top ten comedies of all time. So many great lines in this one.
Simple Jack
Amazing movie. Worthy of showing to my kids someday (they’re not even 3)
Most quotable movies that you shouldn't quote in public
Tell ‘em McClusky! Tell ‘em what time it is!
This movie is very Broken Lizard’esque with some real gem moments but, overall, it’s kind of meh.
I was shocked to learn Justin Theroux wrote it.
Top 5 comedy of all time imo
"You been talking to me this whole time?"
Cringy as fuck, funny as fuck, crazy as fuck
Oh lance
Ooo are those jellybeans
Take a step back and literally fuck your own face.
I’m a dude disguised as a dude playing a dude!!
The absolute Best Movie.
Instant classic
Survive!
I’m just a dude playing a dude, acting like another dude
One of the GOATs
It is the modern day's Blazing Saddles in some ways.

Hilarious, but a snapshot to a time where you were allowed to make fun of things in a way you probably couldn't do right now.
“These head movies are making my eyes rain!”
One of the funniest movies I've seen
We don't negotiate with terrorists.  (Everyone claps)
Don't shoot me, but I didn't find it funny. Then again, I don't have normal humor. I have that 4am slaphappy humor you get when watching dumb shit like the Tim and Eric show.
Survive!
Saw it when it can put and thought it was funny. Tried watching it again like a year ago and can’t believe Downey isn’t freaking clobbered for doing black face. I can’t get past it and if he wasn’t iron man he would have been forgotten and canceled.
I think it’s the best comedy ever made. So hilarious
I saw this in theaters and going in I thought “this is going to be stupid af.” This movie is absolutely hilarious.
Absolutely hilarious movie, I still quote it from time to time.  This movie definitely couldn’t have been made today so I’m glad it came out when it did.
You, ma ma ma make me happy 😹
‘What do you mean “you people”?’

‘What do YOU mean “you people”??’
Such a great movie
So in the movie both RDJ and BS ignore Jack Black. I don’t think they ever acknowledge him at all. One the DVD commentary track all three of them are on it and they still ignore JB tho I think he gets there late too. And RDJ is in character for the commentary.
Survive
"I'm a Lead Farmer, motherfucker!!!"
Amanda? Come on, dude. I mean, that's probably not even her real name.
dunt under stand none why how come Downey didnt gett canceled ovah this
When we get home, I’m gonna teach you how to juggle. I was seeing it in the theaters with a buddy and at that moment the people in front of us told us we had to calm down
I highly recommend the dvd commentary with Downey, Black and Stiller.
Yes
"I'm a led farmer..." That one got me. That whole conversation and the one where Jack Black is tied up and says he do anything to be untied.... anything. The whole TVO thing was funny at the end too. So yeah the whole movie was just one thing after another. One of the best and the timing of the jokes not easy to do.
Amazing movie. If it were released even a few years later (much less today), people’s heads would explode.
Booty Sweat!
LOVE this movie.  So many great performances.

Tom Cruise is amazing, and so is RDJ
I forgot how many times I watched this movie of mine father's hidden DVD, I was 12/13 old and was the best discovery from his movie library
[Not to mention the 8min extra of RDJ just doing some of the most brilliant comedy acting ever put on film as Sgt Osiris. Idk how this clip isnt a bigger deal](https://youtu.be/W4ubqCMsTo4)
I tried watching this a couple times and I never found it that funny. There were a couple chuckle moments but it just wasn’t that good to me.
Might be the last great comedy movie imo. It still holds up so strong
“You’ve been talking to me this whole time?!”
10/10 one of the funniest movies of all time
Funny
Anyone who hasn't watched the actual DVD needs to watch it.
Survive
Tom Cruise as Lex Grossman was one of the funniest performances this century. Every time I hear Ludacris “Get Back” I laugh.
It’s fantastic.
Top 5 for me in no order.
Tropic Thunder
Dumb and Dumber
Life
Superbad
Blazing Saddles
Jack Black won me over for life with this film... and Ben Stiller, too.
Tom Cruise totally losing his shit in this was randomly one of the funniest moments for me.
friend worked on marketing for this back in the day.  He gave his mom a case of Booty Sweat for Xmas.  never forget seeing it on the floor under the xmas tree lmao
Love it.

Nice supporting role for Tom Cruise.
I’m a lead farmer mutha fucka!
Survive!!
Makes me kinda sad that this movie could never be made today. Even though the humor is too over the top to be offensive, people would condemn it
Perfect movie
I cannot believe this movie is 14 going on 15 years old. This came out the same year as Step Brothers?!? My brain is having trouble making sense of this for some reason
It's considered insensitive to have a straight person to play a gay, but it's ok to have a black face?
What was the drink commercial in the first scene?
If there's one thing I learned from this movie, it's I know the sound it makes, when it lies!!!!!
Ben stiller is terrible in just about every role he's ever been in...

 Save for this one and maybe 2 others
What do you farm?!?! I’m a LEAD FARMER motherfuckaaa!!!
Fuck your own face.
Definitely a favorite. And a surprising one - not a fan of Stiller or Cruise, but they both impress. Whole cast is on point.
It’s a really great commentary on the entertainment industry. It gets away with some pretty offensive stuff because of how sharp it is. Love it!
In a world....
"I'm a LEAD farmer, motherfuckers!" know that this isn't the exact line, but I still like shouting it out from time to time.
Love it ! It muh muh makes me happy.
Arguably one of the greatest comedies ever made. Nowadays, most people walk around with their tampons wound so tight that we probably won’t see another like it in our lifetimes.
While it has a few good funny scenes, I watched it a few years ago for the second or third time and.. besides those few good moments, the rest of it.. just.. isn't good.
Great movie.  Really funny
In my top 3 fav comedies! Hilarious start to finish. Every character is top notch.
Might as well drink some of this booty sweat..
'no Seriously, a nut less monkey could do your job'
Tom Cruise was spectacular in his role. Terrific film.
Tried watching it three times, gave up on the same part 10-15 minutes in. Something just doesn’t do it for me.
I think it’s super overrated with a few funny parts
“Survive”
When the bat steals Jack Blacks cocaine is the most underrated moment 🤣 I laugh every time
Cradle the balls, stroke the shaft, and SWALLOW THE GRAVY
No one ever talks about MTVs best kiss Tobey Maguire. Satan’s alley is hilarious.
'Welcome to the goody room.."
My jelly beans, I NEED MT JELLY BEANS
This is one of those movies that could never be made today.
Classic
Welcome to the goodie room
Love this movie. So funny.
I love it. It still is a valid lampooning of Hollywood and it’s stupidity. 

No I want you to LITERALLY FUCK YOUR OWN FACE
WE WANT SIMPLE JACK
Possibly best comedy ever.
Just commented about this in another sub. Probably one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Easily top 5.
Love it. Seen it way too many times 🤣🤣
The commentary track was fantastic
Portnoy: “How the hell do you know Chinese?” 

Kirk: “Land of Silk and Money with Gong Li. Second Globe, third Oscar. I prepped for that one by working in a Beijing textile factory for eight months.”
I'm definitely watching this tonight for the 100000th time. It's one of my "feel-good" movies
I plan to rewatch to see how I feel about it but man, I hate the whole discourse that people are too sensitive and are "SJWs" for this type of movie to be made again. Just like how people say about Blazing Saddles. From what I understand, both of these comedies are pretty progressive and are pretty much in agreement with much of the ideas that these groups believe in. And personally as a very progressive person, I do love dark humor, which includes the type of black face kinda humor that you would see in It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia. And my favorite comedian is also George Carlin. I think the problem is when the humor comes with bad intentions or really rely on just trying to be edgy in such a way that it simply doesn't stick. I think people are fine with dark humor, just not humor that simply ridicules the existence of gay and trans people and other marginalized groups.

But yeah, honestly, the way people act around this film is what kinda turns me off at times from watching it cause of its toxic nature and some of the type of reactionary people who make these arguments.
Cinematic masterpiece. I laughed. I cried. I shid n cummed.
Not only does the ad for a drink called booty sweat sound super ridiculous, it was alpa chinos booty sweat. The play on al Pacino is just too funny to me
"You been talkin to me this whole time?"
This head movie makes my eyes rain!
Love this movie
Man they couldn’t make that today
I missed the beginning my first watch through and never saw the trailer.... when I realized that was Robert Downey Jr my mind was blown!
Someone left the fridge open…..again.
RDJ stole the show on this film.
LOVE THIS MOVIE
Best black face performance ever and the only one I’d ever want to see
This movie would 100% never get filmed in our current cultural zeitgeist. The entire Studio would get cancelled if they tried to due to cultural sensitivity and virtue signaling. It’s strange to laugh at the satire but also feel bad about it.
Hilarious movie... instant classic.
Hurry... we only have 17 hours until they wake up!!!
Speaking of quoting the movie ⬆️
Freakn love that movie! Wish people still had a sense of humor and not get all worked up over being offended by everything. Let's make laughing at each other fun again.
DON'T IGNORE ME.
It’s a masterpiece.
Possibly one of the most vicious takedowns of showbiz ever made and one of the funniest.
An enjoyable, if at times uncomfortable, descent into madness. Thoughts on The Menu?

This movie caught me off guard with how funny it was at times. 
"Student loans?"
"No."
"I'm sorry, you're dying."
Was surprised by how good it was. Ralph Fiennes in particular nailed it, he makes so many super subtle expressions with his face that add to the Chef. 

I also laughed hard at “Tyler’s Bullshit”.
It was such a ridiculous concept, but it mostly handled it pretty well. The people should've seen the red flags of the cult mentality. All the staff sleeping in a barracks while the chef lives in opulence. The fanatical manner that they respond to him.

But then, perhaps that was the point. The clients were so rich and removed from everyday life that they didn't even recognize the danger staring them right in the face as soon as they disembarked. I'd like to think that was intentional.

It got pretty silly toward the end, and I remained on board, but it stopped being a serious movie for me (edit: serious meaning less silly, not that it took itself seriously). At that point, it became a caricature of murder/slasher movies couched within a foodie experience.

However, the unnerving way that the chef nailed each of his customers was pretty great. The tortilla reveals were all great, even if the audience didn't know the meaning of all of them until later. The dudebros getting printouts of their malfeasance was simply great.

Though I wasn't fond of how the ending was rolled out, I truly loved the tie-in to the s'mores. Brilliant idea, though not how I would've presented it.
Up until the halfway point, this was shaping up to be one of my favorite movies of the past few years. However, even though I still found the entire experience to be enjoyable, I was disappointed when it so abruptly dropped much of what I loved about the first half... basically, showing its entire hand to the diners, as well as the audience, with almost an hour of runtime left. The tension disappeared, characters' motivations became wonky, and every supposed 'reveal' from that point on felt completely limp compared to the legitimate shock that was 'The Mess'.

I also think the script trapped itself with some of the rules it was trying to abide by. For instance, offering Ana Joy's character the ability to 'switch sides' could've been a fascinating proposition if it wasn't dulled by the knowledge and admission that both sides were going to die, regardless.
Excellent commentary on the “foodie culture.”
This is the year of the black comedy apparently with this movie and Banshees.  I thought it was great and I laughed all the way through.  The acting was on point and social commentary was pretty evenhanded IMO.  One of my favorite movies in recent years.
As someone who previously worked in the service industry, this was the most cathartic film I've ever watched lol.
I really liked it, but I feel that if we over analyze and praise it too much, we’re not getting the point
Better than most bullshit movies that are being vomitted out
There’s a great comment somewhere where someone laid out how this was a PERFECT dark tribute to Willy wonka - he traced each death to one of the kids who died, and the survivor in born to each other.

It made this awesome movie even more awesome to see it as a dark Willy wonka lol.
Saw it in theaters when Black Panther was out. 

Loved it. We watched it again when it come out on HBO Max. It hits different watching it again knowing all the dirt on the diners.
Sipped on a glass of wine and watched it.

Absolutely made for a great night. It was really different and I wasn't able to predict where it went. Laughed out loud at the student loans bit, and the chicken coop bit.
I had a friend suggest this one to me. I was skeptical at first, but I enjoyed it. I laughed a lot.
Saw it opening night, was funnier than I expected
Loved this movie. Food culture is huge where I live and a lot of my close friends can be insufferable in how snobby they can be about food/restaurants. I instantly related the the main character, Margot, and have never felt so heard/validated in one movie's critique of food culture. Some times I just want a fucking burger and not every meal needs to be an "experience".

ETA: My foodie friends also thought it was a great movie and weren't above poking fun at themselves in how some of them mirror a few of the character traits of some of the characters in the movie.
Movie was hilarious, best I've seen in a long time. Although I will say, that you get *alot* more joy out of it if you have been in the restaurant industry for a while, tons of in jokes, tons of things that people in the comments here are questioning that the wife and I saw and were like "yep, that's actually how it is in the industry."

Will be watching many more times, and please if there was something in the film anyone was confused by ask me about it, I may or may not know
I am absolutely floored at the amount of bad ending comments. The whole cheeseburger scene on was great. Watching the cheeseburger scene felt like I was watching the end of Pig again.

I was super happy it wasn’t just some awful horror movie. Actually had a purpose.
it was alright, made me hungry
Knowing it would descend but not knowing how far made it fun.  Also the pokes at pretentious food culture.
I loved it
I’ve been a waiter and bartender for 17 years. This is maybe the second or third good movie about restaurant work I’ve ever seen. It was divine. It was therapy. It put into words the overwhelming, seething anger I feel every time I put on an apron and dance for those wealth hoarding fucks’ pocket change. It’s brilliant.
I loved this movie from start to finish! Lots of twists and turns in it too!
An intriguing premise that starts wearing thin fairly quickly, with a very unrewarding resolution
Kinda disappointing, I wasn’t invested enough in the dinner guests to be either delighted or disgusted by their demises. Felt very much like a “and then this is happening, and then this is happening” kind of plot, that would’ve benefited from maybe a fleshing out of chef’s relationship to his staff and why they’re his unflinching minions, or why any of it really. Yes, Ralph Fiennes does just say it eventually, but I would’ve preferred they show it instead.

It just wasn’t too impactful for me for example, to have the angel investor suddenly involved, have his crime described to me, and then watch him die, within the span of about seven minutes. Also, the supposed crimes sometimes just didn’t seem commensurate to the deaths, which undercut any consumer-foodie commentary they were reaching for. John Leguizamo likes to name-drop, is this really such a troubling phenomenon? If it’s enough to push Fiennes to murder, why? That’s the kind of exposition I needed. But Ralph acted the hell out of what he was given.
I thought it was pretty pretentious. As pretentious as the characters in it.
I loved this movie. It was a bunch of people you hate getting what they deserve. Very simple and satisfying.
I throughly enjoyed this film due to the fantastic performances displayed by nearly every actor in the film, the sheer uniqueness of the script and so refreshing as a non-sequel/superhero film. 

This movie, as weird as it may seem, restored my faith in Hollywood cinema. I walked out of the theater so please on simply seeing something both new and enjoyable.
I thought Nicholas Hoult's character was a bit overly cartoonish -- only slightly. I understand that he's obsessed to the point of willingly dying, but I almost feel as if he teetered on the edge of more plot device than person.

Anya Taylor-Joy has been fairly unremarkable everywhere she pops up. The acting around the cheeseburger scene was fine, but she failed to take me on much of an emotional journey besides. Maybe it's the way her expression/eyes barely change regardless of the emotion she's meant to convey at any given moment. She just stares at things.

Ralph Fiennes got to ham it up a little, which I liked. Throw in a couple fun/well executed twists and you have a solidly executed, 2.5/4 neat little surprise.
Too much hype. Little payoff. Guy acted like John Kramer, but a lot less...brain power. What's the point of telling a bunch of morons "i know your secrets" if you mean to kill them all anyways???
On of the best movies of 2022 it was creative , well made well acted nicely filmed
One of the best films of 2022 in my opinion.
I loved it, including the ending. If you think it was about foodies, you focused in too far. It’s about the struggle between money and art.
good but as someone that had suicidal thought, the part where the dude kill’s himself can make you a bit uncomfortable (sorry for bad english)
This movie was heavy-handed garbage lol
Just not fun….annoying, smug, all the characters were far too grating. I know Reddit liked this movie, I was not a fan though
I thought it was great. Original. Something different than most movies in the theater these days.
Meh.   Another movie that's all meta commentary.


I liked it better when it was called Ratatouille.


The Fiennes American accent was pretty good though.
One moment with a cheeseburger and he all of a sudden has a whole change of heart after being a total psychopath . Loved the first half then it all fell apart for me.’
Hong Chau the only good part of this otherwise very stupid movie
I loved it
It's basically Triangle Of Sadness but in a restaurant instead of a yacht.
Watching ATJ eat was hilarious and unbelievable.
The last burger made me hungry though.
Overall I liked the movie. I went in thinking it was only going to be rich people finally having a real problem. I very much dislike these kinds of movies. The cast was really great, the story was far better than I thought. The ending was just fine, but it didn't leave me with anything. It's a fine popcorn flick, but not something I would go to theaters for.
I really liked it! I know this is everyone’s complaint nowadays but it feels like the market is oversaturated with movie versions of existing IP so I loved that it was a totally new story and concept (at least to me). Love all the lead actors, thought the pacing was good. Really fun imo
I really need that burger in my life
Bleh
It wanted to be everything that Triangle of Sadness is
I didn’t like it
Good movie
Anya Taylor is a Joy to watch.
Burger
It's a TOR-TEE-YAH.
Ralph Fiennes nailed this!
>!”He would even request substitutions DESPITE THE FACT THAT THERE ARE NO SUBSTITUTIONS AT HAWTHORNE!!!”!<
I worked in a classy restaurant and felt like I “got” it a bit more than some of the other people I watched it with. They capture the personalities pretty well. I liked it solidly until the ending where I get what they were going for but I just thought it was kind of poorly delivered and felt a little rushed even. Didn’t ruin it for me though
It's very spot-on satire of the restaurant industry. With the military mentality. The "family" aspect. I cracked up at the "I love you chef" part. So many jabs at the industry. The chef trying to sleep with sous and getting turned down and them ignoring her for months.
If you enjoyed this movie, I suggest checking out Midsommar
One of my favorite foods is a cheeseburger.

11/10
Honestly I think chef just realized that he gave his whole life, possibly his marriage, etc, away to be successful, and only upon reaching the pinnacle of his profession, he realized that he was happier when he was flipping burgers, when he was realizing how much he loved to cook.

And then shitty customers who never remember his food, critics who can close his place with one paragraph, and the long hours stole his soul, and he lost his joy. They all represented the worst types of customers he had dealt with in his life. Even his staff who flocked to him to “learn his secrets” without having the talent needed, or they did and he himself held it back, was part of the life he regretted.

Ana reminded him of when he was truly happy when she asked for him to make that cheeseburger. She saw his genuine smile in that picture, and realized that he just regretted his whole life, and wanted to go back to that kid he was and tell him to do something else, or stay where he was.

That’s how she earned her freedom and her life. For the joy she brought him, at the end, he spared her. He was spouting enlightenment nonsense the whole meal, when really he just wanted to feel the joy of cooking he had lost.
As one Letterboxed user put it, “the only movie where I was surprised at the lack of cannibalism”.
Everyone who HATES the ending PLEASE EXPLAIN. I thought it was brilliant
Great potential.  Terrible finish.
Terrible, thin, pointless drivel.
I was a little underwhelmed with the reveal of why this was happening to them, but it was an enjoyable movie. I expected something just a *tad* darker. Acting was great too.
Meh. It was no Triangle of Sadness!
Not sure why everyone likes this? 🤢
I thought this movie was a waste of two hours of my day.
"Do you have student loans?"
"No"
"I'm sorry, you're dying"


That shit killed me.

Great movie.
Meh. … Light on story. Acting was decent. Relies on pathos to forward story.
Stupid movie because every last character acts irrationally. Its actually fucking annoying to watch them all act like huge pussies and massive dumbasses

Every single chef there apparently has always been cool with ritual suicide that changes nothing about the world they hate, the guests allow them to torture them and keep them hostage there, the guests themselves aren’t even funny they’re just blank-faced dumbasses.

Its very clear to me that Anya Taylor Joy was supposed to be “special” but the only way they knew how to accomplish that was to make every other person in the movie not act remotely human, making her the only real person in the laziest way possible. Even when she makes the chef reignite his passion for cooking he doesn’t think “hey that was nice I’d like to do that more and give my life meaning again” he just says “fuck it im in too deep better off myself”

There is no literally nothing deeper to this movie than “high society cooking is bad” and while I wholeheartedly agree, its a lazy piece of shit movie that just sounds like a 3rd grade horror story
Played cellphone games for the first 10 minutes but after that, it had my utter attention. In other words, This. Film. Fecked. Me. Sideways!  Highly recommend it, but only if seen with somebody to discuss afterward.
I don't usually buy into super-hyped and overly-discussed and dissected movies like this. They're often a disappointment, over-hyped and I never find myself gelling with the same experiences watching them as others seem to.

But this movie? A piece of art.
Good plot. Bad ending.
I really liked it at first, but the ending was terrible. Sad because it had a lot of potential to be a fresh, well made horror flick.
Anya Taylor Joy being as attractive as she is should be illegal in some way
I did enjoy the movie and thought it was pretty well done…. It did, however, seem to borrow a great deal from Midsommar, which I think is a much, much better film.
Far less clever than it thinks it is but upheld by fine performers.
Incredible
It was a better satire than Triangle of Sadness.
Ironically, I think this movie was a criticism of the exact type of community fostered in subreddits like this one.
A wasted opportunity. The premise and setting was interesting but it lost its way.
I’m confused why the guy was taking photos of the food, knowing his fate.
Watching rich people get fucked up mentally and physically for an hour and a half? I loved it.
As someone in the industry I thought it was cathartic and one of the best comedy’s I’ve seen in a while.
I was impressed that Dominique Crenn designed the food and David Gelb of Chef's Table did all the food porn shots! The ending was very messy, but interesting. I would have loved to try that cheeseburger...
I think it would've been more interesting if the chefs were terrorists.  

The movie had potential but I was left wondering why everyone would just go along with the suicidal plan, and why people wouldn't resist more. But give them a real motivation to kill themselves, and perhaps have the diner's family members threatened at home would've made more sense.
Fun watch. Great performances. Its funny too. It’s a thriller but also doesn’t take itself too seriously while also having some good social commentary.
“Do you have student loans? No? Then you die”
It was okay. Strong 6/10
Watched it last night and I thought it was good.
I liked the class solidarity. Though as a former prostitute I think the ending felt a lot like the girl was working him. Egotistical men are easily manipulated.
I liked it, but definitely didn't love it.
Great sex worker representation
Wait.... Is this the correct poster and not that deeply fucked up version that was available before the theatrical release?
Seems ironic to critique the movie given how many times it basically encourages the customer/viewer to just enjoy the experience. That said, I enjoyed the movie. I could watch a movie of pretty much every profession doing the same thing.
7/10 far beyond better than Babylon
I loved it. My buddy hated it. My wife was in between.
It was fun, but it didn’t feel like anything I’d ever bother to watch again.
I haven’t seen Living or Aftersun but was surprised when Ralph Fiennes wasn’t nominated for his performance, he dominated every scene
What was the intent/purpose of the men running away? We already know they’re weak men and can’t defend themselves… It was pointless… Also, the motivations behind MOST of the characters action/inaction was outright baffling.
I feel like the poster has Hoult's demeanor wrong. Everyone else was disciplined and even somber, and Hoult was wildly enthusiastic about the experience. That should have been reflected in the poster.
It was good but I wouldn’t rewatch it. Wanted a burger after
The morning after I watched this I turned on the television and The English Patient was on with Ralph Fiennes lying in bed and I burst out laughing at the coincidence. 

Loved The Menu BTW.
I liked it. Couldn’t stand the boyfriend though. He really irritated me, and his departure was wonderful.
I thought they did a great job of exploring what a group would do in a situation like this. They wanted to believe it was a show. They didn't all fight back. Yes, the ending was definitely more art than realism, and that worked as well. It is also an interesting look at the dangers of treating anything too seriously. Obession destroys Chef, and Taylor. They take themselves so seriously they can't handle things like the loss of passion, or not being the chef's pet. There are so many layers to the movie that make it very good.
Anya Taylor Joy is an excellent actress, but I didn't love the casting. She wasn't believable as the character (to me)
It was a Midsommar rip in a lot of ways but definitely worth the watch!
“A high budget socialism commercial” 82/100
I keep seeing posts about this film.  Is that the actress of the Queen's Gambit?  Where is this streaming?
The end fell really flat for me however it had one of my favorite lines from the past several years

"You'll eat less than you desire and more than you deserve"
This has been a film I've been wanting to watch, but when I started it the other evening I just couldn't take Nicholas Hoult's character. I like him as an actor, but at the moment I was just like nope not this character, not right now. LOL. I'll give it real go again soon.
I saw it twice in cinemas because I was so excited about it but I wasn’t sure how I felt after the first watch.

I think the concept is strong but to me personally, the execution fell short. I just felt like it wasn’t fully committed to. Mark Mylod, the director, works predominantly in TV, and it’s been over a decade since he last directed a film. A TV director cedes the bulk of creative control to the writers and producers, while a film director stands as the main creative force behind a film. I just don’t think he had the confidence and creative vision to take this movie all the way.

I wanted more context about Chef, “Cool Girl” Margot, and I felt that they missed a massive opportunity in regards to the food itself. No eye-dropper garnishing a plate with blood? No crispy human skin? They could’ve really fleshed it out (lol) without it being campy. Instead I felt like the whole thing just left me wanting a bit more. That being said, the acting was pretty good.

Also the “finale” with the marshmallow ponchos and the chocolate hats was TOO reminiscent of Midsommar, it just felt like a cheap grab.
I’d watch any movie Ralph Fiennes is in. Huge fan of his since Schindler’s list. His acting is simply superb.
The third act was kind of sloppy. But the first and second act was pretty damn fun.
It is worth the watch! I wish Gordon Ramsey had a cameo!
I thought it was good, a bit heavy handed on the themes.
So I liked the movie but didn't love it. I felt the complacency of the diners during the smores scene felt unearned. For some of them, I could see how they would have agreed. Tyler was well aware of what was going to happen. But for most of the guests, they were trying to survive the experience until suddenly they were like "sure, I guess I'll die today". Would love to hear a different perspective on the matter.
We've been here before, I prefer the far more dignified and deeply shocking 'The Cook, The Thief, his Wife and Her Lover' - if you want to see a series of recipes and how to surround them with 'things going on'.
Why tho did Tyler >!keep taking photos of the dishes if he knew he was gonna die at the end? Like what was the literal point? To illustrate even though it wasn’t allowed that some people do it anyway?!<
The student loans line made the whole film
It was “meh” for me. Not being a part of that foodie culture meant that I wasn’t that invested in the characters…you could make this movie from the viewpoint of any appreciated “art”…auto restoration, painting, sculpting even performance art (auto restoration was a joke)…
Honestly as a former bartender, server & sex worker who lives in MA, I found it quite enjoyable.
I went into thinking oh this is gonna be some creepy horror movie with Ralph Fiennes playing a smart, cunning villain. Turns out he’s just a madman and the movie is less serious than I thought. All in all enjoyable, surprisingly funny movie.
Fantastic movie!
I have to say that this was one of those movies i was excited to watch. I haven't felt this good about a movie in a long time. I can't really think of a bad moment in this film, it was so well crafted. I don't want to give things away but i truly enjoyed this movie.
I don't think any movie has made me more uncomfortable. Don't know if that's a good thing or bad thing.
Is this bergamot?
Great movie, can't wait for the sequel... oh wait
Ralph Fiennes is spectacular. Absolutely fantastic.
Boring, all the diners were cheesy felt like a cheap 90s movie.
As a person who spent a majority of their life in that industry and has family in that industry who got very far up the ladder. 

This movie hit all the right buttons, very satisfying, very accurate to the lived experience, and had a great understanding of what they do it for vs what the rich have turned it and them into.

Really funny too I thought it was just gunna be a pure horror but it's a great black comedy as well.

And I enjoyed how the protagonist was more complicated than the normal horror tropes of being the innocent virgin. In fact breaking expectations, rebelling against the plot, and overall the creative way they utilized her position was so enjoyable to see unfold.

It had all the "can't wait to see them die" horror emotions but way more respect for its characters in the end and their own ability to reflect. I found it very refreshing in subtle ways.
Hilarious, easily one of the funniest movies I’ve ever seen.
I'm gonna be honest, I would watch Anya Taylor Joy do her taxes. Anything with her in it is great
“The mess” was one of the most shocking, impactful scenes I can think of in recent memory. That by itself makes the movie more than worth watching. I didn’t think it stuck the ending very well though.
Didn’t care for the ending
I loved it. Saw it accidentally with my mom. Held my interest the entire time. Also don’t go see this movie with you mom
Unpopular opinion: it was awful. One of the worst movies I saw all year. The beginning had great potential but nothing made sense. It felt like Saw had a weird rom-com-drama baby and replaced all the gore with chef’s tools and fire. When the customers were given a chance to flee, they basically went back to the restaurant? Everybody just stood there at the end an accepted their fate to die? And all Taylor-Joy wanted was a cheeseburger? It failed at being a thriller. It failed at being a dark-comedy. It failed at being entertaining. If this is where filmmaking is going, I’m scared for Hollywood.
The quality is undeniable and a lot of love was put into it
I just didn’t enjoy it personally FELT a little too on the nose 
Overall definetly a good movie just not for me
Couldve been great. It was actually pretty bad.
As a professional cook, a movie where a chef has had it and kills his most annoying customers is THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER

6 OUT OF 5 STARS.

(Seriously, a fantastic movie in its own right. "
The guy from the Sonic Drive-In ads was in it
Love this movie - great idea, story and acting
I couldn’t relate to any of characters logic or decisions, so for that reason it felt silly.
I enjoyed this a lot, but did they ever explain why Nicholas Hoult’s character knew death was on the menu, while no one else did?
Loved it.
This movie sucked. I mean it wasn't the worst thing I saw all year but I was definitely disappointed. 

The way it seems to at first want to make fun of, but then falls into the trap of falling in love with its obnoxiously pretentious antagonist is such a tired trope I'm surprised this movie isn't getting roasted everywhere
Wow Nicolas Hoult looks nothing like Nicolas Hoult here.
Well done 8)
Wasn’t a fan
This movie reminds me a bit of Luis Bunuel’s The Exterminating Angel. It’s a great social satire about wealthy dinner guests trapped in their host’s mansion. But nobody knows why or how they’re trapped. The door is unlocked and nobody is trying to stop them. They all collectively simply can’t go outside. 

Also: Salvador Dali himself directed the dream sequence. Worth the price of admission alone.
My dad didn't like it.

Anya Taylor Joy? Beauty.
I freaking loved it
I loved it and I thought the end was very different and very creative, as if the whole movie was truly a game and you needed to make/say the right moves in order to survive.
It was alright but the plot was pretty nonsensical towards the end.
Her eyes ARE bigger than her stomach.
Fucking excellent.
I found it compelling but I ended up hating it.

It falls apart upon closer examination. 

For example: the 2nd in command chef gets jealous about the head chef trying to replace her with queen's gambit. BITCH YOU ALL ABOUT TO DIE. He can't replace you when you're all going to explode in 1 hr.
Had the pleasure of watching it completely blind. Hadn't seen a single trailer or piece of advertisement, my sister wanted to watch it and I was expecting a movie similar to Chef or something lol. Got flipped COMPLETELY, and the twist when I finally noticed that I signed up for something completely different really hit me. Great movie, and a total thrill ride, recommend seeing it blind.
they all die 🤤 good movie
Loved it
I loved this movie. Don't expect a horror movie and don't totally expect a comedy and you'll be happy with the elements of both.
I was so upset about how unreasonable Tyler was being because I didnt understand why he was acting the way he was. I was pleasantly surprised by the explanation.
I was expecting a big twist at the end. "It was all part of the show!" I thought it was funny that they actually committed to it all being real.
That double cheeseburger towards the end looked intense!
>! He bakes them into s’mores, like a witch in a candy house !!!! !<
I found it rather splendid in many ways
I enjoyed it but didn't love it. In the end I felt it was a little hollow and was trying a bit too hard. The wink was too heavy-handed.
My wife and i watched this last night. It was skow at first and soon became mesmerizing. In a "this isnt quite good but also i cant stop watching it" kind of way. 

At the end i thought it was a good movie. The chef's motivations were really good too. Basically there were people that made sense to people that was just him killing to be petty.  It added a sense of human to the figure. I also enjoyed the fact that the survivor got away how she did not because of tricking him, but by challenging him in a way that met his personality.

She obviously had listened to him and took it to heart
I’m not sure. It was entertaining, but as a satire I thought it fell short. I couldn’t figure out if it was trying to hit as a roast of wealth, a roast of art marketed toward the rich or for the sake of making people richer, a roast of power…but as I’ve learned from other conversations, a movie made in the mainstream western film industry is bound not to cut as sharply as say, a movie like parasite that kinda broke down the door to be viewed by western audiences that weren’t expecting a legitimately critical perspective of wealth. But I did like the menu in a lot of ways
A fun watch paired with a nice binge of The Bear.
It wasn't the movie I wanted.  I think I expected more of an exploitation, horror experience.  I was just disapointed that it wasn't that.
this was a great movie. i expected to really dislike it but it was done very well. a new take on a “hostage situation” that really made you think. lots of underlying symbolism that i enjoyed
Restaurant pro here, absolutely loved it. Ownership? Not so happy about it.
THERE ARE NO SUBSTITUTIONS. Fav movie rn
I wish more was given to explain the kitchen staff’s complicity.
I went in completely blind and I was not ready for what was to come. I was hooked from early on and watched in awe as things unfolded with more escalation. I really liked this film and would put it in my top 5, possibly even top 3 from what I saw from 2022's releases.
Watched the movie on HBO Max blind-folded without having seen the trailer, but knew about the cast. Brilliant execution of the premise with touches of dark humor, on-point social commentary, incredible performances especially from Ralph Fiennes and Anya Taylor-Joy and stunning set production and cinematography. Ended up placing it on my Top 10 films of the year and looking forward for future rewatches! Also, best damn looking cheeseburger I’ve ever laid eyes on, especially the sesame seed buns!
I wasn’t that impressed. The cheeseburger thing was maybe one of the most predictable moments in a movie, ever. I liked the angel investor part though.
It was rather good
I didn’t think turning into a s’more would be so painful, until I watched this.
Definitely ordering from their menu “to go” 😂
It was great
>\*\*\*MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS\*\*\*

&#x200B;

The Menu (2022)→ (89) A (mostly) single-location movie, The Menu features Ralph Fiennes as the diabolical, shark-eyed celebrity chef accessible only to the elite. The takes place at Hawthorn, a private island where all the victuals for Chef Julian Slowick’s restaurant are grown, raised, harvested, etc. On this night, the restaurant is filled with archetypes of the rich and entitled — aging movie celebs (John Leguizamo) and his generation (or two) younger girlfriend (Aime Carrero), douchie tech (?) bros (Rob Yang, Arturo Castro, Mark St. Cyr), the older rich couple who can’t even make eye-contact when they eat (Reed Birney & Judith Light), the insufferable critics (Janet McTeer & Paul Adelstein), and the rich “foodie” who can’t follow the rules (Nicholas Hoult) and his date (Anya Taylor-Joy). But all of these diners were selected, invite only, for a reason. Chef has a command over his kitchen and staff like a centurion over his legion. Little by little, his peevishness transforms into cruelty, to both staff and diner alike. I was instantly hooked by the setting and for Chef to eviscerate (not literally) his pretentious and entitled diners while still serving them an unbelievable meal and was a little bummed when the plot took a horror turn. However, I was quickly shepherded back and settled in for the ride. The chapter breaks as menu courses and the pics of each dish with a caption added a stylishness, which provided a laugh-out-loud punchline when it got to Tyler’s dish. Anya Taylor-Joy, whose true occupation was telegraphed pretty early on, acted as a conduit for the average viewer into this world of elite-gentry dining. Her ingenuity to save herself and unlock a buried human behind Chef Julian’s hollowed exoskeleton made it impossible not to sympathize with this monster. The ending has stuck with me — I absolutely love that even Chef’s victims cry “We love you, Chef!” before their baptism by fire. Chef Julian is a character I actually wouldn’t mind watching a prequel for.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

https://medium.com/the-reckless-muse/bens-pocket-movie-reviews-list-3-9272560fbfa0
Anyone who has ever worked in the service industry should see this and laugh like I did
I thought it was fun and original. It both shocked me and made me laugh at times. I kinda loved it tbh.
I'm not big on horror movies but I enjoyed this more than I thought I would. Ralph Fiennes is really what makes this movie.
9/10, super great movie. Really loved it! It was unique, beautiful, creative, impeccably directed and performed. Soo good!
Watched it a couple weeks ago, already forgot most of it. 

Was a very bland movie IMHO.
ITT: a bunch of people that the movie was about.
Just watched it last night. Surprisingly accurate to real fancy tasting menus besides, you know, all the killing. Very good and tense all around.
Fiennes was the stand out. The rest of it was just a thriller that lacked tension to a ridiculous degree. I never thought a character could shoot themselves in the mouth in a film and it could be completely unsurprising.

Coast guard bit was kind of fun, a little bit of well executed suspense with twists goes a long way. Shame the rest of the movie couldn’t execute on that. The inverse ratatouille moment with the burger seemed novel enough, but by the final shot of the film my eyes were rolling into the back of my skull.

Class thrillers, or take downs of snobby high society folks, can never thrive on boring strawman characters imo. Everything was one note, all the guests, the cynical chef, and the culty cadre of cooks. It all fell flat for me. A critique of pretentiousness rooted in pixar movie villain level cynicism makes a very boring critique as well. The position of the film takes on the nihilism of its main antagonist, and consequently has nothing to say. Had a lot of potential conceptually, but did very little for me. Made me want to go rewatch Pig.
delightfully stupid
Absolute shit
It was entertaining for sure, I think it was getting a little bit too silly toward the end but they didn’t pull any punches.
Incredible.  As soon as "the mess" hit, i was locked in.  I also didnt expect to giggle as much as i did.  Fully 💯 entertaining.

For some reason the line "american cheese is the best cheese for a cheeseburger because it melts without splitting" is stuck in my head.

Ive also been craving a cheeseburger for the past two weeks since ive seen it.
It's the dark mirror to Nicholas cages pig.
I laughed some many times. It was delightful. 5/5 from me.
Sucked. *spits in cup
For me it was like meh
I would rank it 6.5/10 probably
The overall story was kind of disappointing and felt exaggerated too much but I like the use of a kitchen and dishes to tell a story
I loved it. All around excellent movie.
It's kind of ironic that a movie about a creative art being diluted by pseudo intellectualism, pretension, and extreme lengths people will go to for attention and clout, ends up in one of these "Thoughts on XYZ?" posts. I liked it.
No bread.
I did enjoy it. But found it ultimately ridiculous when you take into account the number of people willing to die for what purpose exactly? I get that it was a cult/brainwash situation but still….
I would love to see a retail store version of the same movie. 🥹
watched it at a friend's house the other day, was pretty enjoyable and cleverly exposed how scummy the rich people are and how more pure the common woman, Margot, is compared to them
Tyler nailed it. Also can I just say does he not age?
The movie was boring.

The only time it surprised me was because I didn't expect them to make such boring/predictable choices. Like... my failure to predict was predicated by my expectations that such a well reviewed movie wouldn't be so predictable!

And then I get to the audience reaction, and the crowds of people asking about what such trivial scenes meant. It felt like I had just seen "The Red Wedding" in "Game of Thrones" again. Everyone clammering about how suprised they were, and how good GoT is, and I'm sitting here like, "Did we watch the same thing?"

...

OK, ok. It wasn't bad. I don't want you think I think this movie is terrible. It's not terrible in any way shape or form. Ralph Fiennes is fantastic as he most often is.

But the script itself meanders, takes its god awful time, and orchestrates itself in a manner exactly like that of the pretentious food scene. Which I have to assume is intentional. But then what are you saying? Are you making fun of the pretentious nature of it? Or are you embracing the pretentious nature of it? Are you saying your audience should all be killed because they too gobble up and "take" your art with all its pomp and flash?

Do you want your cake and eat it too movie?

This is honestly the biggest crux for me with the movie. Its message is muddled.

It wants to burn it all down while playing into the same predictable nonsense.

And then when you toss the class message into it, the muddled message turns straight up too busy and attempting to say too many things to make it worth it. So if we interpret the givers/takers not as the artist/audience, but as the service class and the consumption class. What then? Chef is wealthy, Chef is part of the very thing he is criticizing. And sure this is why he's killing himself as well because he fell into the very machine he hates. But what of his crew? What of Margot? What is this really saying? We have to burn even the innocent down when we destroy the system from within?

Oh wait... Sorry... Margot lives!

Yeah... after she bends the knee too the system. She worships at the alter of Chef. And does so only in the preapproved manner that the uprising deems adequate (considering Tyler's worship is deemed unfit). She's the whore, the outcast, let in for a moment to have a glimpse of a world she should never know... the outside, the OTHER. And she will be squashed beneath the heel of western society despite her innocence... unless she completes her whorely duties of succumbing to the system and sucking its dick.

Gag me with a cock.

If this was a 30-45 minute short in some anthology. Think like an art film anthology in the vein of Twilight Zone or Cabinet of Curiosities. I'd probably upgrade it from mediocre to fine, maybe even good. At least then its muddled message would be hidden under a film that could at least dazzle us with some beautiful scenes. But as a feature length film the pretty shots are few and far between.

But as is... its meaning is messy, and gross.

Tighten the thing up, and this messy message disappears into what is a well acted film full of a great cast with some semi-interesting shots.
I LOVE IT!
Good movie, lame ending. The last scene was super cringe.
It deserved the Oscar nomination over Triangle of Sadness. Same themes but The Menu *nailed it* and TOS was soooooo tedious.
You'll eat less than you desire and more than you deserve.

What a fuckin line. As someone who's spent their life in food service, this movie was so damn cathartic. Also never thought I'd get emotional watching a man make a cheeseburger, but here we are lol.
"Hell's Kitchen meets Midsommar"
Hot take; the breadless plate was hilarious and I think in a real world setting people wouldn't be half as annoyed by it as they were in the movie.
I loved it. It showed worker exploitation just on face value, but it was also how quickly a cult mentality can take over.
Really enjoyed it. “Is this a new dicing method on which we have been woefully ignorant?”
I was hesitant but ended up loving it! Actors are superb!
Downright irritating. The movie thinks its a lot smarter than it is.
On the nose but wickedly fun.
Hong Chau ate
Loved it. Great movie.
I liked it well enough, but I had read the script on The Blacklist and wish they hadn’t changed a few of the elements, most notably that …

>! ATJ’s character and Nicholas Hoult’s character were married or maybe engaged. It made his behavior more impactful - the mismatch between them - and her decision to leave more consequential than her being a paid escort. Also I don’t think his character knows about the death aspect in advance !<
I enjoyed the movie. That cheeseburger though 🤌
Top 5 movie of 2022
Part of me didn't like it while watching but when it was all over and I reflected on it; I realized it's a dark comedy then I realized it was a really good movie. It was hilarious and fun and that girl with the face is a wonderful actress
I wish there was a bit more backstory to it.
It was good, but two things really bugged me. How was it possible to turn the entire staff team into suicidal killers? And why the hell didn't the eaters try fighting back at the end? Burning to death is the absolute worst way to go.
Did. Not. Like.
that woman needs to eat something
“You’ll eat less than you desire and more than you deserve”
Someone mentioned how they filmed the dining room especially well; they showed you 6 different lives and didn't have them interact really
Not bad, but I expected more
I liked it a lot.  I could see my own foodie ism in it, and I could also see my brief time working in a hotel restaurant in it.  I liked the theme contrasting appreciation with obsession and each characters motivations in those themes.

I see some posters moaning about a lack of artistic subtlety and have to say that's the audiences fault.  If this had been an art house film no one would have ever seen it.  The director and producer got their message out with broad appeal and A list talent and holy shit do we need more movies that make people think a little and see themselves a little.
Mhmmm, this IS a tasty burger.
I actually really loved it! Had a blast watching it.
love it
Ralph Fiennes was excellent the rest of the cast was meh 👏🏾
Watching this movie high made me think of SpongeBob.
i was uncomfortable the whole time, i loved it. Only thing is i wish they explained how they got all the staff to cooperate
As a waiter loved every second of it, loved the message of the movie.
I wish it had gone on longer and given more horror. I really wish I knew more about why Ralph Fiennes’ character did what he did.
Favorite film of 2022 next to EEAAO
Did you make that with a pacojet??

Loved this movie. My friend is a sous chef at a 2 star restaurant and says he’s already seen it four times. Apparently he deals with people exactly like that all day every day

If you’ve been in the service industry, even not at a fancy place, it’s for sure a cathartic watch
Didn't think I would like it as much. It was great! Anyone who is worked in fine dining. Love this movie and appreciate it.
I knew nothing about this movie going into it, just that I like all the actors, and I loved it. I was vocally shocked at the twist. I’d recommend it to anyone.
Paco jet
First half was good, second half was limp but the line "American cheese is the best cheese for a cheeseburger because it doesn't break." Just...
Chef - god. 

Joy - Maria Magdalena 

Guy who shot himself - Jesus

Tony from skins - world rich elite who think they have this world but in reality they not

Other metaphors are as obvious. 

Message of the movie - be consistently in doubt about surroundings, even if you a sinner (autocorrect typed “dinner” on that lol)
Am I the only one that laughed like a lunatic for the last 5 minutes of the movie? That marshmallow scene was perfection.
It was fun but don’t love how they gave the audience the ending very early. Not very mysterious
The cheeseburger is just as good at the movie!
Was enjoyable enough, didn't fulfill the hype quotient for me. Felt like it was stretched out to make it into a feature instead of being a TV story.
Thoughts on this film?

10/10 absolute perfection
HEYYY O'CONNELL! LOOKS TO ME LIKE I GOT ALL OF THE HORSES!!
This movie rocks.
It's an eternal favorite. To me it's one of the few movies where all the actors fit their characters perfectly
Rachel Weisz
Shy Brendan being all, “I stole these for you” to Rachel is *chef’s kiss*.
Loved this movie as a kid.  Fun movie to watch
It is a wonderful love letter to Indiana Jones blockbusters, with a healthy dose of Horror and Comedy to boot. A nice mix of genres giving everyone of all ages what they’d want.

Is it a world beater? No. Is it a serious Oscar tease? Nah. But is it a solid film with charm beyond its budget? Absolutely.

I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants thrills, chills, laughs and romance.

I would argue it’s a perfect screenplay with perhaps the only thing it lacks is it’s cinematography feeling more like a tv show than a movie, but the special effects and everyone else acting in it, absolutely lets you know it’s classic Hollywood.

I would give it a 9/10 with that only little bit off about the way it is shot as it gets like I said a little more like a TV show at times. But again the charm makes up for it.
better than most movies today
It's hard to label any piece of art as perfect but I'm doing here.The main cast was perfect. They were fun, beautiful, and had chemistry. The dialogue was playful. The secondary cast were legendarily memorable. Wormy little Benny sticks out for being so fun to hate. The mythology was delivered in entertaining ways. Not once was there a grueling exposition dump to explain the fantasy. The costume/set design/props looks fantastic. That Book was gorgeous. Here's a wonderful examination by Adam Savage. https://youtu.be/kgTe495FPu0

I literally can't place a reasonable criticism on this film. Even the graphics have held up because they were used in the right way, within the limitations. Somehow they were leaps above the sequel.
Must have watched it at least 100 times when I was a kid. Not exaggerating.
One of the best movies ever in my opinion. Must watch!
Classic
God she's pretty..
One of the best Action Adventure movies out there. Funny when it needs to be, serious when it calls for it, excellent pacing and it has Brendan Fraser. 10/10
Perfect combination of action/adventure/romance/silliness.
My thoughts are that everybody loves this movie.
Rick:  "Is he supposed to look like that?"

Evey:  "No, I've never seen a mummy look like this before.  He's still...he's still..."

Jonathan & Rick (in unison):  "JUICY!"
A lot of people liked it.
A great Indiana Jones-type movie.
literally one of the best filma ever. what movies should be. it has everything. and best of all, fun!
The film's special effects are impressive, and the action sequences are well choreographed and exciting. Brendan Fraser's portrayal of the rough-around-the-edges adventurer Rick O'Connell is enjoyable, and Arnold Vosloo's performance as the villainous Imhotep is chilling. I enjoyed it and recently watched all three movies over the weekend.
I would watch Rachel Weisz read the phone book. The fact that I get to watch Brendan Fraser as well in a rollicking good adventure makes it even better
One of the greatest movies ever made
Loved it and it still holds up in my opinion. The graphics (obviously) are dated, but this is a fun movie with a little bit of cheese, lots of action, some comedy, a love story, and an engaging plot.
Stupid and fun. It's great.
I have adored this movie since I saw it in the theatre!! …yes I am old…….

Have watched it enough (very recently, too) that when I tuned into the first episode of The Last of Us last night i immediately recognized the epidemiologist as aged Jonathan lol.
Classic!
Who didn’t love this when it came out? Then I remember people raving how the second one was after walking out of the theatre. An action adventure that set the bar. Thing with this series is that they’re surprisingly feel-good thanks to Fraser and good guy always saving the day, and the ones now are always so dark or depressing and not as well executed, like you don’t feel the fun in adventure. This one made you feel it.
easy to rewatch. I love it
10/10 Love this movie
Good timing op
I loved it. It was a beautiful mixture of comedy and action. The best pert is how they mix the two from scene to scene while switching back and forth between them. 

“Patience is a virtue.”

“NOT RIGHT NOW IT ISN’T.”
Grew up watching this with my family. I remember the Fox special leading up to this movie too! The hype was ínstense for this. Glad I was conscious and able to witness this series.
You’re on the wrong side of the river!
Just bought the trilogy on 4K! Love em all!
Man if only Benny wasn’t on the wrong side of the river.
You know we could have gotten them for free, All we had to do was sell them your sister.
Should have replaced the gold disc put on Voyager.
way better than the tom cruise mummy
The only flaw I've found in this movie is that when they discovered the mummy was afraid of cats that they didn't then make cat-hats. Just some pith helmets with cats taped to them, all hissing and spitting the whole time. Otherwise, perfect adventure film.
I don’t see what people like about this film.
It's cheesy af.  I didn't like it personally, and I'm slightly confused that Brendan Fraser's recent popularity is great enough to somehow catapult The Mummy into reddits idea of the perfect movie.
Fun
Fun late 90: action popcorn flick
I love it
It couldn’t be much better… funny, tense, compelling from start to finish
Childhood favorite, still holds up, fantastic adventure story
Just don’t end up on the WRONG SIDE OF THE RIVER
Love it!
Instant classic, one of Brandon Fraser's best movies in my opinion and Rachel Weisz was a perfect heroine.
Childhood classic tbh
Movie rules
It's a classic!
Best “Raiders” inspired movie, a ton of fun.
Such a great film
Banger.
I thoroughly enjoyed this film. I'm not saying it's a cinematic masterpiece, but it really enjoyed it
One of the greatest movies ever made.
Perfection is what comes to mind
Classic
Fu.  Cking.  Great.
I’ll take “Reasons I’m bisexual for 400, Alex”

10/10
It’s a classic
Loved it as a kid, still love it now,. And plus Brendan Fraser is hot as hell in it
One of my all time favorites.  I can watch it repeatedly and always enjoy it.
The closest we've gotten to Indiana Jones. Infact it's better than a few of them! Fraser and weisz are movie stars man
Grew up on this movie. Literally one if my all time favorite Action Adventure movies
Best action adventure sci Fi there is!

Brendan crushed
Great flick!
Good dumb fun
One of my favorite movies, I watched it constantly as a kid. Even the sequels too
You get a classic homage to horrible b movie epics from the 30s. The pulp adventure vibes of Indiana Jones. and a horror movie where everyone except Rachel and Brendan die horrible deaths. The second one is good and then probably stop after that.
I saw this as a teen and absolutely loved it. Tons of jump scares, the special fx were solid for their time, and it had the perfect balance of horror, comedy, and action. The protagonists weren’t invincible, and were always flying by the seat of their pants. The main characters were so likable, even Benny’s degenerate ass. The graphics don’t really hold up now but I challenge to show me almost any 20+ year old movie that does. Dumb clean fun with excellent pacing.
A simple, well executed, adventure film. Hollywood at its best.
“I’m a *librarian*!”
The commentary on the dvd/blu-ray is a must watch.
Classic
my thought is that it's awesome
I am dying to watch it again. I am waiting for it to be on one of the streaming services or finding it on a Redbox [+]
Yes.
Masterpiece they don't make them like this anymore
Fantastic movie, not a coincidence that the franchise kept going and going for years.
Classic.
This was my Indiana Jones.
A classic film, great in many ways!
One of those movies I watch anytime I see it pop up on streaming, always a good time.
Classics, all of them.
...The only good on of the franchise.
Just watched it again for the first time in years. Still awesome
Really loved it!
It was brilliant. 
Every young persons imagination, brought from dreams into reality on the big screen...

It still brings back fun memories of watching it the first time

Up there with the Goonies for me .
Thoughts
If nostalgia was a film. 
It was one of the first films i remember watching.
It’s in the same vein as The Legend of Zorro. Really solid action adventure movie with a great cast
I literally rewatched the first original 3 yesterday. Still great after all these years.
One of my favs

Brenden was literally one of the hottest actors at the time he made his character feel real and like someone you wish you could know.

I really wish he was able to continue during his prime so sad what happened he would of been one of the best actors of our time if he continued…I felt like he was the modern Harrison ford with a comedic approach to his acting which is what I love
Love it!
I was younger than 10 when it came out… had nightmares about the creepy crawlers for weeks.
Masterpiece (chef's kiss)
Best film ever made. 
Brendan Fraser was hot, so was Rachel Weisz.
One of the greatest movies of all time, if not THE greatest!
My bisexual awakening. Everyone in this is hot.
A swashbuckler with a dash of horror, what’s not to love?
That movie is so much fun!
Easily the best Indiana Jones ripoff alongside Romancing the Stone.  A great, fun movie. And yeah, Rachel Weisz.   Just damn.
Only one of the best movies of all time!
Certified classic
Best Mummy movie ever
Brilliant; loved it when it came out. Sometimes dig it out to watch with the kids on a rainy day 🤣
UNPOPULAR OPINION:

I don't know why, but I fucking *hate* Brendan Fraser. Let me clarify that I only hate Brendan Fraser the actor, not Brendan Fraser the human.

Maybe "Bedazzled" or "Blast From the Past" traumatized me because I love camp and B-movies, but I nearly walked out of "The Mummy". I kept trying and saw the sequels and still couldn't like anything about this franchise. I even hate him in "Doom Patrol".

But I do like Brendan Fraser the human being.
Loved it! Watch it about every 3mo or so
There are only two Mummy films worth mentioning: the original with Boris Karloff, and this one. It’s an absolute gem!
Love it! It awakened the bisexual in me
I love it
8/10
A great movie that doesn't take itself too seriously, and stays great.
Amazing
Classic. 

Evie O Connell is the best.
The Mummy is a film that is enjoyable on its own but more importantly the fandom has become a feature in bisexual popular culture
Masterpiece
Classic
Really enjoyed it.

Got to see it opening weekend 10pm showing maybe later.
Yes I am old.

A fantastic RPG movie, for any pulp setting.
Amazing. The best. Seen it a hundred times.
Great movie
The title is misleading.

Rachel Weisz's character does not have any children, biological or adopted.

So how can she be called the mummy?
One of my favorites films when I was growing up, she's the one that made me realise that I like women
It and #2 are a top favorite for me and I rewatch constantly. It has a little bit of everything and the cast just nails it.
One of my earliest spoopy movies, with Brendan Fraser as a chad action hero.

What’s NOT to like about this movie?
Definitely one of my favorites whenever I came across it on television while I was channel surfing.
One of the greatest adventure movies of all-time.
One of the best movies ever made
Perfect bisexual awakening film 10/10
One of the best ever made.
Pure adventure entertainment. It’s action, comedy, suspense, and horror, all supported by a great cast, and a charismatic leading man.
One of the greatest adventure films of all time
Love it, fond part of my childhood..... it's the reason why I'm a Brandon Frazier fan.
Yes
Umm didn't it give us the Rock? Well the sequel I think led to a spin off.
One my best friends loves this movie. She made us ask watch it. Can't go a week in the group chat without her sending a meme based on this movie
A pretty good movie honestly and the soundtrack is beyond perfection
Looks to me that you're on the wrong side of the riiiiiiiver
Very entertaining movie.  Brendan Fraser was perfect.  As were the other cast members.
Fucking masterpiece 👏👏👏 also BENNNNI!!!
Probably watched it 100 times as a kid. Perfect action adventure film.
Love it!
A movie I love from my childhood, a movie that still holds up from my childhood. Has some minor flaws, but is just so much fun and entertainment. When's the last time we got a good blockbuster like this one?
Wish I could go back to the days when movies hit like this.
Classic
One of my favorites when I was a kid and it still holds up
Besides monkey bone one of my favorite Brendan Frazier films
Encino Man Vs The Mummy the most epic movie ever made
Dated but fun
One of the best!
"Thoughts on this film?"

*brings up the closest thing to cinematic perfection in the last 25 years*
Great when it came out.
12/10
Haven't seen it since a kid, but I remember it being an absolute blast and scary and just so awesome all at the same time. I need to give it a rewatch
This, Back to the Future, and Raiders are my top 3 closest to perfection films. I love them
I have a bumper sticker that says " I'd rather be watching the 1999 cinematic masterpiece the Mummy starring Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz". 10/10
perfect adventure film. now that Brendan is really back i hope they give him the chance to do another Mummy
Love this movie it was always one of the movies I watched when I was sick from elementary school.
It wasn’t very realistic
A whole lot of fun
I adore this film. It’s just one of those comfort-watches, where I don’t even really need to be paying attention and it’s still a good time.
Its great?
Rip roaring adventure in a very classic way. I don't know how many movies that have been made before,  but this one had high art production elements and a core love story that spanded millenia.
Absurd, entertaining, and fun... it's basically the perfect summertime popcorn movie.
Certified kino, absolute perfection in every way. Schlocky but some genuinely good acting, cinematography, music and action. Brendan Fraser is a gem.
One of the reasons why it was so good, was that it didn't try too hard to be a good film. 

The premise of the film was simple and audiences understood that. The method of acting from the actors and actresses was good and audiences understood that.

There was value with its simplicity and it's now considered to be one of the best films from the late 1990's. It was so well respected, that it's still mentioned even now in similar circumstances.
Still holds up watched it last week
Extremely entertaining and well done. Have seen it at least 10 times and still would watch again.
Love it
It’s shit
Best Indiana Jones movie since Temple.
It's an absolute treasure and I always stop what I'm doing and watch it ifbI encounter it playing somewhere.
Perfection personified on film. I absolutely love this movie, I've seen it more times than I can count. It's family friendly, has action, comedy, drama, etc.
I like this film.
I watched it for the first time last year and I was surprised because (sorry) i thought it was really bad in a very 2000s kind of way
Iconic movie, I don't watch past the 2nd one.

"Hey O'Connell! It looks to me like I've got all the horses!"

"Hey Beni! Looks to me like you're on the wrong side of the river!"
The Mummy is great. Just about everything worked. The issue is with the Mummy 2. The director said; ok everything that was in mummy 1 let’s take it up a notch and the result was horrible.
One of the best.
We’ve already told the world we love this movie
A goddamn masterpiece of cinema.
 There is some poor writing and even worse dialogue, but the movie more than makes up for it. 

I remember seeing it as a kid and really liking it. In subsequent years I've come to realize what a unique film it was, capable of catching the joy of Indiana Jones films while forging its own tone and characters.
Fantastic family, adventure, horror film. I have many good memories watching this movie and the others in the series as a kid
Awesome?
Good, fun movie. Not perfect, but to me definitely a case where a remake is better than the original.
My initial thoughts: 
1) It got me into Egyptian mythology as a middle schooler
2) Brendan Fraser has put on some weight since then
Amazing, a true classic. 10/10
Sensational. It’s actually kind of a perfect and complete film on its own. It’s got incredible humor, a good story, charming cast, great soundtrack. Really all the great workings of a classic adventure film. If you watch it and never watch the sequels, you’d live a better life than I.
It's amazing and one of my favorite films of all time.
S'awesome.
I just hope he finally got his cup of coffee ☕️
Loved it!
Cinematic masterpiece. Ahead of its time. (Review made from my 10 year old self who to this day loves this movie)
The perfect action/adventure film, with a magnificent cast. No notes. More Rachel Weisz though, plz
Patricia Velásquez
I went to see this at the cinema with a bunch of friends and afterwards we were all laughing at how awful and cheesy it was. I’ve come to like it since.
Made out with my gf in 6th grade to this flick. She was a cutie
I f’n love this movie. So many great lines.
I loved this movie. I have always been intrigued by the Egypt Pyramids. And Bernard Fraser became one of my favorite actors.
Legend
GOAT.
She was cute and hot AF. The movie, meh, just "good" enough to pass the time
Greatness
A keystone moment of my childhood. 10/10
Classic
A great classic
Watched it for the first time last week after riding the ride at Universal.  I enjoyed it's campy silliness, and loved how 90's it was.  The whole cast is way too hot for their own good, save Jonathan, and is completely responsible for my girlfriends biwakening back when she was in high school.  I forgot how much I loved the action movies from the time period.  Loved it and would watch again.
I liked it
This was my Indiana Jones.
It holds up
Perfect 5/7
Campy, fun, funny, exciting and a perfect popcorn flick. The cast is also perfect.
10/10 true entertainment
movie is soooooooooo good
It's as close to perfect as you can get.
Very entertaining
A very fun movie, that has everything: adventure, comedy, romance, horror, and fantasy. It also has really good chemistry between the two main characters, which you don't see that much nowadays. It was also shot on location, and done mostly with practical effects wherever possible, and the CGI, while dated, doesn't distract too much.
I loved it. I still love it. I wish they could make more movies like Indiana Jones (not the 4th one!) and The Mummy (but not the ones after Mummy 2!). 

We need some good old fashion serials with adventure, comedy, action, romance, etc... but it needs to be done well.
Love it.
Rachel Weisz is perfect.
Out of all the adventure films. This one and its sequel are top tier. Tomb of the Dragon Emperor though. Its mediocre
When people claim “they don’t make movies like this anymore” (right or wrong) - I always think of movies like this one
Fun as a kid!! Doesnt hold up so much anymore but back when i was growing up we had this on VHS and loved it
It’s a perfect film, better than two and three. No it doesn’t make you want to become a superhero or jump out of your seat. It doesn’t create a movement or make you think about society. It doesn’t do much other than give you an enjoyable evening that never loses its magic no matter how many times it’s watched. I’m sure critics and peel it apart but as a consumer it hits perfectly. And for the life of me I can’t figure out why there aren’t hundreds of movies filmed in this style about adventurers. There this, Indiana Jones, Romancing the Stone, and that’s basically it. There are plenty of very cheese shows and movies but this was a well balanced, funded, colored, directed, and written movie. 10/10
This and Nacho Libre are tied for wich movie if watch last before the apocalypse
Very good movie
This movies aged so well. Still my favorite. And Brandon Fraser us gem and i hope we getting more movies with him. He is great in Doom patrol too.
Should have won an Oscar….perfect
One of the best movies of all time. Action adventure, romance that wasn’t over the top or cringy, a dash of horror, comedy that wasnt forced. 10/10 movie.
Classic. Watching tonight. Thanks.
🔥🔥🔥
I loved it!
10/10 and has aged excellently. I rewatch it at least once a year.
One reason he got best actor but definately not the only one. Franchise went a little wonky when he left but still solid
Also best theme park ride
Awesome.
This movie is the most Star Wars-feeling movie outside of the Star Wars franchise. It's just so fun and quippy and campy while still taking itself just seriously enough for it to be really good.
One of my favorites of all time
One of my favorite films of all time
i’ve always enjoyed it! 9/10….by far the best from any of these movies
I love it. The only movie that I dislike in the trilogy is the third one.
Just rewatched it a week ago. Still holds up great
Love the scene when villain takes human form and eats that big ass insect comes from his cheek
Watched this as a child and the scarab scene at the end is still so vivid in my memory !
Better than Tom Cruise's version for sure. It's 24 years old and still fun to watch.
One of my Favorite movies of all time. Loved the second one even more. This movie is perfection.
It's not going to win awards, and it's pretty campy but it's undeniably fun to watch. I love this movie
It’s good.
This film is how I realized I was bisexual
nostalgimus maximus
Brendan Fraser is a god damn national treasure and I would fight Imhotep to the death armed only with a spoon for that man!
Unpopular opinion: the sequel is the superior film. 

Popular opinion: the third is a travesty
I saw this for the first time ever last week. I thoroughly enjoyed it except for the super thin eyebrows (that was probably the trend then) on the female lead.
A classic 

Action, adventure, comedy, but also some horror, it’s really got some creepy moments and creepy music 

The second one is a classic as well. The third is worse but still has some decent action (YETI ATTACK!!!) and the most recent one with Tom cruise is ass
One of the best adventure movies of all time, unfortunately saddled with a lot of colonialist themes.
A masterpiece that should never be touched by anyone again.
I remember watching this film many times. In theatre on Telly and then DVD. Never got bored of watching The Mummy. It teases the little fantasy of exploring the mystery we inherently have.
Oded Fehr is so hot.
It’s a fun romp through Egypt
Adore it. It's my Indiana Jones when I've already recently re-watched my beloved Indiana Jones.
It was very qood I enjoyed it so much I bouqht the qame.(the qame was wack)
https://www.etsy.com/listing/1231601036/the-mummy-funny-bumper-sticker
10 year old me fuxking loved this movie. Even the silly other ones i liked a lot
There was an animated series I guess..
One of my all-time favorite movies.
masterpiece
amazing
Loved it. Great writting and wonderful acting
A timeless classic also with 2nd part.
epic.
Watched dozens of times as a kid. Absolutely a fun movie
Rache Weiss was  the most beautiful women at that time.
Oh man I thought I was the only one who remembered this hidden underrated classic.
instant classic,  never underrated!
It achieved exactly what it wanted to (besides some CGI that wasn't advanced enough for what they were trying to do), and it had fun doing it, so even though it's not Oscar worthy or anything, it's one of the most fun and rewatchable and quotable films you'll ever see. You can feel the love and the fun everyone making it had, for the whole genre it was a love-letter to, and honestly it was one of the last times I actually had fun with an adventure film.
It's a movie
I really enjoy this movie. Before it first opened in theaters, there were a bunch of pre-release toy sets and figures, which I ran out and bought - I think I sitll have one of the "speared in the gut" mummies in it's package somewhere (in a box in the garage, probably).

I'm a huge fan of ancient Egytian art and fantasy, so this movie was right up my proverbial alley.  And we all know how painful that can be. But this was a true pleasure.

Yes it's silly, and I don't think Brendan Frasier is the ideal action hero, and it's full of cliche characters -- but when you want a popcorn action romp with lots of cool special effects, this movie fits that bill perfectly.
“Can you swim?”

“Of course I can swim if the occasion calls for it!”

“Trust me, it calls for it.”

*splash*
Rachel Weisz’ natural eyebrows would have been better in this film. They eventually show up in the sequels.
Absolutely love this movie ♥️
If you don't scroll past Brendan Fraser's mouth, it looks like he's hanging himself.
Best friends’ birthday party experience was going to see this in theaters and then going to an arcade after.  This movie exceeds all currently known rating systems.
Love it!
Classic
Classic. Worth the watch for sure.
So good love jt
Branden Fraser.

Iconic as always and stupidly handsome. 

Rachel Weisz 

Intelligent and Beautiful as ever.
Everytime it’s on TV I can’t help but finish it! One of my all time favs just bought the Blu-ray so I can view it anytime.
One of the best comedy thrillers out there, and still holds up.
A classic.
Good but Shanghai Noon is probably a superior action comedy of that era
One of the greatest movies ever. I love every second of it. Evie is a badass and is respected. All the characters are fully developed and it is funny as hell.
I use this movie as a basis of comparison for all subsequent Action/Adventure movies.
One Of The Greatest Movies Of All Time. This And The 2nd One. The 3rd Was Good To But It Will Never Amount To What The First Two Were.
A masterpiece, 10/10, don't you dare badmouth it.
It’s perfect
Possibly the most beautiful woman in history. Right up there with Gal Gadot
It was such a good movie I low key forgot about it 9/10
We didn't know how good we had it. And at the time many people shunned these movies. We didn't know how bad the movie landscape would be in the future.
Literally watched it last night. Laughed the whole time. It's amazing.
hard classic.
This and it’s sequel was peak Fraser and in the 2nd one Rachel Weisz never looked better. Could have done without the 3rd movie.
Fun movie! Very quotable, loved the wide range of movie attributes that definitely contributed greatly to its overall excitement. And I fall in love with Evelyn every damn time I watch it.
Classic.
A very fun movie!
Loved the first two
Beats up Tom Cruise’s and steals its lunch money.
A friggin’ CLASSIC
It's literally one of the best movies ever made
So why did this get it right, while so many other Universal Monster movies miss the mark?
Brendan Frazier, all you need to know. Now go watch them all.
I still have the hots for Ankhesenamun. Nothing can touch her…
It’s awesome
It’s a masterpiece.
God damn there's a lot of hot people in this film.
So since Imotep stole the eyes from a dude that wears glasses do you think he needs corrective lenses after sucking the eyeballs out of the victim's head?
It is the perfect mixture of cast, action, romance, adventure, little horror and comedy. The secondary supporting characters are just as good as the main characters, they all nailed it. 

The best part is it after 24 year the movie still holds up. I watch it with the same enthusiasm that I did when it came out in '99. This is one of my forever movies, I will always watch it if I see it's on.
Faaaaaaantastic
10/10 still enjoy it despite having seen it numerous times.
The peak of a summer blockbuster. It's fun, adventurous, funny, and thrilling. The only other movie that comes close in terms of summer blockbuster feel is " Pirates of the Caribbean".
Best mummy movie by far.
Masterpiece 🤌
Just watched it for the first time yesterday and was blown away. The perfect adventure movie encapsulating the late 90’s golden movie era.
Rewatched it recently (saw in movie theater when it came out, watched on VHS,DVD,etc.),and it's still charming AF. Beetles still upsetting my stomach, and some frames of the animation are outdated (were very nice for 10+ years after release). It's not as gruesome as Indy,and not as cocky as Armour of God (from Jackie Chan). I think it's well balanced,aged nicely,and very good entertainment.
Great, fun adventure movie.
I love it!!
Brendan Fraser is and always will be a hottie
Perfect
Yes
Brendan Fraser is and will always be a hottie
I'm a huge fan but it should have been Indiana Jones 4.
Best adventure movie
Was good. Seems like it was based on the books by Elizabeth Peters, her character named Amelia Peabody.
Perfect. Watched this movie 100 times when I was a kid and memorized EVERY LINE OF EGYPTIAN and convinced my elementary school friends that I actually spoke ancient egyptian. Seriously. Seti fabuku ra ek. Kuntash dinam ielio. Yatu way yatu way yatu way.
Bad bot! Bad bot!
Loved it when it came out, love it now. Like others have said, the perfect balance of action, suspense, horror, comedy and romance. My fave scenes are when Imhotep sucks the life out of the guy holding the book of the dead in the market. The lighting is so ominous and beautiful.

Brendan is gorgeous but Rachel is on a whole other level. She looks amazing in the black outfit. Just perfect casting and chemistry.

Love that Benni gets his comeuppance.
It’s a fun flick.  A proper adventure film that felt like a successor to the Indiana Jones movies (combining pulp action with legit horror elements).  It’s the kind of movie that Hollywood despite having potential successor in the Tomb Raider and Uncharted movies still miss what this hit.  If there’s a major flaw it’s more in line with the dated CGI, which is a given considering it’s now… 24 (wow!) yo.
Perfect.
This movie is fantastic and was super excited to see The actor who played the brother in the opening scene of “The last of us” this weekend
I tried watching it around Halloween a couple months ago. I fell asleep and continued the next day...3 days in a row. I eventually gave up 3/4 of the way through. I wanted to like it so much and I was excited to dig into the rest of the mummy movies and scorpion king but I just couldn't stay awake.
LOVE this movie!!!! One of my absolute favorites!
I’d trade my first born to make it where every time I watch this film it’s my first time.
A fun movie from a time when movies could just be fun and didn't need to constantly try and pretend to be some high intellectual exercise (I watched the Menu last night XD).

Just a good simple film.
masterpiece
Legitimately one of my favorite movies ever!
Fucking gas
Classic
Top 3 movie all time. I grew up on this as a kid and have probably watched this movie over 100 times. The second one is just as good . The third not so bad. The 4th ehh..
i liked it.

Had great lore and cgi that i believe i remember correctly holds up.

Except for the next iteration with the scorpion king. His cgi sucked back then and so does now
Indiana jones in Egypt ? Yup. chemistry between Rachel weisz and Fraser? Spades. Every side character had there moment. The cgi was even good for the time Imhotep as a giant sand face??? Come on now !
Love it. 10/10
A great movie. I really liked the characters and the adventure story. I could never get into the sequels though.
Absolute classic.
All three on Hulu now great re watch
Awesome action adventure film, still holds up too. A classic in my mind.
Perfect
Treasured childhood memory. This movie is toit.
Best adventure film! 

Best mummy film! 

Best comedy film! 

Best horror film! 

Best movie.
Was it campy, formulaic, with sometimes cheesy dialogue and with stock characters? YESWas it an amazingly fantastic adventure movie, and highly entertaining that still is enjoyable to watch almost 25 years later?  Also YES  
Would it ever win an Oscar?  NO  
Should that matter as it was an enjoyable blockbuster?  Also NO
One of my childhood favorites. I still enjoy watching 1 and 2 to this day. We can all just forget that 3 happened.
It’s one of those movies I watch anytime I see it on.
Slaps
Loved it. Great action adventure flick. Wish there were more like it. It seems like we only get one every few years. Sahara, Uncharted, National Treasure, etc.
A Classic
10/10
One of the best movies I've seen
I just rewatched it this past weekend and had a blast! I don't care that it's dated!
It is a cheesy, gloriously fun festival of nostalgia and wonderment. 

11/10. 

Plus, Brendan and Oded are hot as fuck.

Edit: Rachel, too. I mean, damn.
Classic
One of the best cheesy films I have ever owned. Literally has everything you could want in a "turn your brain off and enjoy" kind of film and all the sequels are excellent as well! Can't recommend this more!😁
my favorite action movie of all time.
Arguably in the Top 5 of best 90's action-adventure films.  Everyone gave great performances, and what really compliments the film are the random comedic moments throughout.
Popcorn classic for sure
It’s always a fun watch.
Hard to find a better action adventure comedy that is as well balanced as this one. 

And it’s aged well, the effects are not so poor that they are distracting.
I always liked it. It's got everything you want in an adventure film.
I fucking love the mummy dude
Yes
6 out of 10 times I'm watching The Last Crusade instead.

I'd consider that high fucking praise.
Love it, the whole series is a favorite of ours.
10/10! One of the most fun movies ever!

“Hey O’Connell, looks like I’ve got all the horses!”

“Hey, Beni! Looks like you’re on the wrong side of the ri-VER!”
Fantastic. You hear the word masterpiece thrown around a lot but this really applies here
Masterpiece. Hollywood should check themselves and give it a rewatch.
Rick will always be my childhood hero ❤️
It's fun but I couldn't get over some of the logic which was immediate obvious to me when I was watching it in the cinema.

So they worked out the mummy is afraid of cats and that he's targeting the last of the tomb raiders.  So wouldn't they have bought a cat and have that guy constantly with that cat?
Watch out for that tree!
Classic!
It’s pretty incredible, have there been any good adventure films since?
There is a whole market of [Bumper Stickers](https://www.etsy.com/market/honk_if_you%27re_rather) that sum up my opinion
Which one's the better action movie and why?

Mad Max. Because a gigantic monster truck with a chained up mutant guitar player playing heavy metal riffs while chasing another monster truck filled with virgins is more believable than a 55 year old jet fighter pilot.
MMFR was definitely the more realistic of the two.
Mad Max: Fury Road.

Fury Road is one of the best film in the past 20 years of any genre.
I’ve never lost my mind in a theatre like I did for mad
Max. By the time they showed the dude shredding his guitar on the speaker truck I was ready to flip a table. Couldn’t believe what I was watching. Absolutely stunned. Made my parents watch it with me the second time, figured everyone should see it in theatres
Mad Max 1000000x over. It's for the people.

Top Gun is for closeted chuds
Mad max easily.
Fury Road is the best movie of the 2000’s.
Fury Road is one of the few movies I’d give 10/10
Fury Road by a huge margin. That movie is art imo.
One is homoerotic conservative fan fiction.... The other is mad max fury road
I fuckin love the love for Fury Road in this thread. It was just pure art in so many ways. 

I’ll see you all in Valhalla, shiny and chrome.
Fury road is a masterpiece
[deleted]
Mad Max over Top Gun 2 any day. Reason why is because in Top Gum 2, everything was fine until the actual mission took place. Then all the “realism” went to shit and the movie became totally unbelievable after that. 

At least in Mad Max, you know going in that the setting takes place in a future dystopia. But the difference is that they kept Mad Max grounded all the way to the end.
Fury Road is  in my all time top ten movies. I will start with the film score. The music was Epic. The music fit the scenes perfectly throughout the entire film adding to the emotion of the story making up for the less dialog of the film. The End end of the first act was a master class in cinema. The movie was quickly able to give you an idea who each of the main characters were, what they were about, their motives. The movie perfectly showed the characters grow as people masterfully displaying the progression of enemies into allies.  The look of the world was authentic. The overall look of the people cast in the film gave you a sense of society collapse. The cinematography was absolutely stunning. The culture of the war boys made you feel like you were watching how people somewhere could have lived like giving you glimpse into our world had our societies devolved in to Chaos taken over by a cult.  you know there was CGI, all the special effects were seamless nothing look faked making everything seem believable. That world look like it actually existed. The action was intense. The main cast members displayed tons of emotion not just through dialog but from the way they looked, facial expressions, dialog for this type of situation seems believable when your only goal is to survive. Not to mention Charlize Theron who in my opinion is the queen of action cinema Carried the movie on her back. She was the main emotional thread of the film.  Tom hard owned the roll of Max and IMO was superior to Mel Gibson's version of the character. Tom was able to add subtle layers of comedy to his character throughout the movie with behavior and physical movement to make up for the fact that he did not have much dialog. In this movie I will give Tom Hardy the Bruce Campbell award for physical action comedy. I take my hat off to everyone involved in making this movie. I went into the theater not expecting much and walking out with my mind blown. I ended up seeing it in the theater three times and have watched it at home many times. The Movie with the film score is perfect symmetry. I feel sorry for anyone who did not see this file in a Movie theater.
Mad Max Fury Road is my favorite movie of all time. Not only is the music and cinematography incredible, but the world is deep and Rich. There were so many things unanswered. So many strange behaviors and cultures. It was so alive. Just incredible. 

And better yet, the ending shot is one of the best moments in cinema, next to Boramirs death. Furiosa is rising to take over the town, and rather than Max joining her in the Glory, he disappears into the crowd.

No other movie has ever given me a Majoras Mask vibe better than that.
Mad max was one of the only movies I would watch in 3d when tvs actually played 3d.  It is fucking beautiful.  Legit visual masterpiece.
Mad Max, no contest. Maverick didn't really have an original storyline in it, the relationships were forced, left me feeling nothing.
[deleted]
Th original mad max
Maverick.....mediocre!
Top gun because haha plane go brrrrr
Didn't see Top Gun, by Mad Max Fury Road is really, really impressive. It's just a great movie overall. There's no time wasted on set up or any of that. Whole movie is 3rd Act.
The bts drama of the making of “Mad Max: Fury Road” elevates the movie even more. It’s crazy that it even got released considering all the adverse factors and obstacles. Plus, it’s just over 90-minutes long and it does more character development than both Top Gun movies combined.
Edge of tomorrow was better than top gun
Mad Max because it isn't US propaganda
Mad Max is an instant classic and will be loved 50 years from now.  Top Gun Maverick is a descent sequel that those who didn't forget it within a few hours of leaving the theater, forgot it within the week.

Was this a serious question?
Flying is the panicle of motion picture, so i will give it to top gun. 

The ability to take advantage of the 3d space to move across the screen, the thrill of instant death if anything goes slightly off. 

Also top gun soundtrack hits harder for me
That’s bait
Mad max and it may not be so close.
Maverick is good but Mad Max Fury Road is just insane
I have a confession to make.  I purchased MMFR on Blu-ray the week it came out and have yet to take it out of the plastic. Idk why.
Mad Max, not close. Maverick was good but forgettable. Entertaining but not memorable.
Mad Max by far. The visuals and fight scenes are pure artistry
Fury Road’s a banger, Top Gun’s just propaganda
How it started. How it's going.
Top gun
I think they are both a bit overrated, but Fury Road is clearly the better movie.  
Top Gun's entire scenario was way too contrived and incredibly predictable. It was a lot of fun, but it wasn't at all original. It was practically just a mash-up of the original and Iron Eagle.
Heavy Metal vs Yacht Rock
Pick any five minutes of Fury Road, in sequence.  Turn off the sound.  watch the editing.  watch the way the shots connect and the way little throw away details connect shots (like the spent shells continuing into the next shot).  Then turn the sound on and listen to how the sound effects create something new in the picture.  How the image is altered by a sound effect or adjustment in the way the sound is relayed to us (Max awakening in the storm).  Fury Road is a flat out masterpiece in film making.  The fourth movie in a series and it is the best of the series!  If it does nothing for you, it is because you were asleep. It didn't put you to sleep, the Marvel movies you grew up on put you to sleep.  You have never been awake.  Just pick and watch any five minutes.  Study it.  You'll see the beauty.
I prefer authenticity and realism… so Mad Max. 

I’ve never flown in a F-14 but commuting anywhere in the South can almost go shot-for-shot with Fury Road.
MMFR. Stellar worldbuilding. Revolutionary, convention breaking cinematography.  Insane practical effects. Unmatched pacing. Doof warrior. The whole movie is so meticulously gorgeous that any single shot in that movie could be framed and hung in your house.

It’s not even close, bud.
One of the best reviews of mad max was about the 3 step rule. 1) present an issue 2) have a problem 3) resolve that problem with step 1. So in mad max, you get that max is an universal donor. Then you get that furiosa is losing blood. Then max donates to her and she lives. There's also the boot with knucks. It's such good writing.
Fury road without question. The sheer aesthetic that bleeds from every scene in that movie is incredible.
Mad Max movies are artistic action spectacles. Top Gun can’t get me to finish its trailer.
Mad Max was transcendent. Watching it on 4K at home is just as good as the theatre experience. The movie ramps up from ten within the first ten minutes and stays there. The Junkie XL soundtrack is amazing. I love the fight scene where Max is connected to Nux, it’s so well choreographed and interesting.

That being said Maverick on first watch was really good. The first one was meh, but I think they did a really good job developing the stakes of the mission to where I was wondering if it was going to succeed. The movie would have been truly great if they had the balls to kill off Maverick. That sequence where they steal an enemy plane just feels tacked on to me.
Fury Road, because it's better than most films flat out.

But also because Top Derp: Merpederp is an incredibly badly written middle of the road no teeth fluffed up bullshit snoozefest.
Mad Max reignited my spark to go into filmmaking when I wasn’t certain.
Mad Max because it doesn’t have one-note Cruise in it.
Top Gun Maverick. It’s story is not only more coherent but it reaches a far broader audience.
I'm definitely in the minority but Fury Road was boring as shit to me. The practical effects were some of the best I've seen in television though. Might have to do something with the fact that I was on cloud9 when I watched it so maybe I'll give it a rewatch.
Mad Max put me to sleep. Top Gun all the way.
MMFR tried to hard and came across as dumb. TGM stayed exactly where it needed to be.
I never saw Mad Max but I thought the world of Top Gun so it'd be tough to beat
TG has real planes.
Top Gun.  For the flying.  No contest.
Both are solid but I prefer top gun. 

That intro gets me hype
Mad max was pretty much fun action the entire movie with awesome world building. 

Top gun had one of the best third acts I’ve ever seen in an action movie but other than that was a complete snoozefest.
Top Gun was super forgettable, didn’t get the fuss at all. Fury Road is in my top 10, beautiful film.
Maverick. Fury Road is not a good movie
Mad max. Top gun sucked. I still can’t wrap my head around why people fucking love it. The love story, Val Kilmers voice scene, the football on the beach?! Mad Max destroys all that shit.
Maverick. It was definitely more actiony.

I love fury road and would say it is the more beautiful of the two, but Mav wins for action.
They both sucked
Top Gun by distance.  Fury Road was utter fucking garbage.

First off, Maverick is still the hero in the movie with his name in it.  That just makes it a better movie overall.  On that note, it also still has the same actor playing the main character, so that helps tremendously with the continuity of the story.  The universe in Top Gun did not change, whereas the one depicted in Fury Road does not resemble the world that the audience had previously seen.  Last we saw, bullets and guns were an extremely precious resource, so automatic gunfire was not really seen a lot in Road Warrior or Thunderdome. The protagonist is still on the same arc that he was from 30 years ago, and this is portrayed several times in the film.  In Fury Road, there is no fucking way in hell that the Max Rockatansky from the previous movies would have let Furiosa live after she had tried to kill him.  This is a massive deviation of character to make it convenient for the plot.

A lot of the eye candy in Fury Road is absolutely ridiculous.  One of the first scenes is when Max is captured, and is being forced to walk to The Citadel.  They tie him behind a car, and force him to walk on broken ground.  He is probably capable of doing 2 mph at that point.  I know that George Miller was trying to emulate captives walking behind a horse, but a horse can maintain a walking speed.  Think for a moment how much that would fucking SUCK on your calf muscle to drive slow enough (no cruise control) to have a person walk behind you.  And ... why?  Who is being punished here?  The distribution of water from a hundred feet in the air is fucking ridiculous.  Looked cool, but it's just dumb.  Just build a pipe and a trough and don't waste 90% of the water?  A car runs into the rear of another one and explodes like it's a head-on collision.  Why?  If the lead car was doing 75 mph, and was struck by the pursuit car at 90 mph, that results in a 15 mph collision.  Furiosa catching a falling Max with her robot arm.  He had to weigh at least 200 pounds, so how exactly was that thing strapped on?  The people on the swinging poles was fucking ridiculous.  Again, looked cool, but was one of those things that you can't put *any* thought into.  That has to be the most inefficient way to get someone out of another vehicle, imaginable.  It's completely defeated by a fucking seatbelt.

The "eye candy" of Maverick is the Hollywood magic that makes it look like Tom Cruise is flying a jet.  He fucks up when he puts his hand on the canopy, and on the handle during takeoff.  I'm fairly certain that the pilot's hands are not supposed to be on the 'oh shit' handle when launching off of an aircraft carrier.  But, I'm not a naval aviator.  I am just guessing.  Other than that, I think I saw more vapor trails on aircraft than I ever have in a movie, and ... it was fucking **AWESOME**!!!  The scene where Dagger flight banks up the river bed, and you see vapor on all four aircraft was cinematic perfection to me.  Also, they added to the volleyball scene, and give the guys something to look at.  That part is still, clearly, for the women, but it's at least 95/5 now.  Progress.

Top Gun pays homage to the movie that came before it, while Fury Road shits all over it's predecessors.
Personally Top Gun 2, to get the most out of Fury Road you would have had to read the connected comics. Both were great watches though
Top Gun because supersonic jets are way cooler than rednecks in gas guzzlers chasing someone across the desert
Oh boy, this is a tough one. I'd go with TGM, but my opinion is biased coz I didn't watch MMFR in cinemas
Top Gun: Maverick all the way.
Is Maverick an Action movie? Only asking because I fell asleep watching it IRL and never actually finished it…
Yes
Mad Max for action.

Top Gun for story and characters.
I enjoyed fury Road and was impressed by it. But I LOVED top gun. One of the best cinema experiences I've ever had.
Mad Max was original and badass. Maverick was good but that's about it.
Mad Max because it doesn't have Scientologist scumbag Tom Cruise in it.
The action sequences are cut much better in fury road.  Also mad max is 2 hours of action, top gun maybe 1 hour at best.
Not Top Gun.
As an “action movie” I’m going Maverick. It was the absolute perfect summer blockbuster action movie this year, that left everyone I knew leaving the theater amped up with a big smile on their face. It is truly prototypical of the category. We haven’t had such a fun action movie in what feels like a long time. 

Fury Road is objectively the better film, and has action, but if you were to classify it as an “action movie” that would feel wrong to me. Not that it doesn’t have enough action, far from it, but it just doesn’t fit the genre. Like the question itself is weird trying to even compare the two.
Mad Max grunting the whole movie, obviously. Tom Hardy is fantastic.
I like Mad Max, but it’s Top Gun for me
I love both of these movies and my opinion may change over time, but I give the edge to Fury Road. George Miller took the weird tone from the early Mad Max movies and made it more mainstream and created some incredible action set pieces that still hold a high place in this discussion 7+ years later. Both movies are great examples of using practical effects to wow and instill a sense of wonder in the audience.
Fury Road is a top 5 all time action movie.  And one of the best use of practical effects I’ve ever seen.  No contest.
Mad Max: Fury Road by miles and miles. I liked TGM but it really felt like a rehash of the original. MMFR was remarkably original for a sequel
I’ve forgotten most of Top Gun already, but Fury Road is so incredibly packed with skillful storytelling details that I remember all sorts of really interesting pieces. Also the action sequences in MMFR are choreographed so beautifully and accompanied by XLJunkie’s amazing soundtrack that it keeps bringing me back. Top Gun was a big screen spectacle that isn’t a bad movie, but is just a big 2D amusement park ride.  Just one person’s opinion anyway.
My issue is that I view both of these movies as dramas with action moments in them, but not as action movies themselves.

But when there was action to be seen, I have to say Mad Max felt the most intense because the scenarios had higher stakes for the characters

In Maverick it was a mission and they were soldiers, and in mad max they were people trying to survive a hellscape
Both movies are technical marvels as they both rely heavily on practical effects over vfx. And the vfx they did use effectively served the practical effects. I give a slight edge to MMFR due to the editing of that film which was near perfect. As for story, it comes down to taste as both plots are relatively simplistic with little character development. But they’re action movies. I wouldn’t expect anything more or less. I loved them both.
Top Gun Maverick was good... but I don't get everyone gushing over it like it's one of the best movies of the last decade.  It was a (well done) remake of the first movie.

It was incredibly predictable and the end was ridiculous (like more ridiculous than MMFR lol)
At least one wasn't a total rehashing of the original.
Was really surprised by how good TGM was, especially given most sequels a decade or so after the original are just bad and cash grabs.

That said, it's def MMFR for me (I guess a sequel as well, but doesn't feel like it).  I could watch this movie many times over and not be tired of it, which cannot say for TG or TGM.
Fury Road is one of the best movies ever made.

Top Gun Maverick is a really well made entertaining blockbuster.

They're in different leagues IMO.
Mad Max
Haven't seen Top Gun, but Fury Road was unwatchable BS.  The only good Mad Max movie was Road Warrior.
Fury Road. not even close.

Maverick was the most generic Hollywood shit ive seen this year. Feels like an old 80s movie made for 2022. Nothing new.
Mad Max, because it wasn't a self-congratulatory monument to Tom Cruise's ego like most of his movies.
Well, one’s a glorified Join the Navy commercial and one’s a movie
Maverick is just a 2 hour military recruiting commercial.



Fury Road is one of.the best action movies of all time with a vibrant and interesting story.
Fury Road is the better all around movie, the flying is really cool though in Top Gun
I prefer Mad Max because it has a good story with good politics. The Top Gun movies might be entertaining, but they’re total military propaganda.
Top gun is.... Mediocre!!!!
Mad Max by a landslide. The story is more interesting, action scenes are crazier and the female characters are better developed
Apples and oranges. Can’t compare.
Top gun thwre was hype for a few minutes but i forgot to watch it. Mad max i have watched quite a few times so im definitly biased.
Easily Mad Max. Not even a competition.
It's a treat for your eyes and your brain, ulike top gun which is just a military recruitment video long enough to be called a movie.
MAX!!!
Mad Max. My personal bias aside (Fury Road is one of my FAVE movies of all time- I could wax poetic about it for ages), I also just like how it leans into the balls-off-the-wall, cars that go fast or go boom or go both, action-packed absurdity. It’s an action film with a solid thematic premise that knows exactly what it’s trying to be, and it does it phenomenally.
The one without Tom Cruise in it.
Fury road because it's has a well defined story structure from start to finish, defined visual style, no large exposition dumps. Maverick is by no means a bad movie, but it plays the standard tropes....
I don't know about "action movie", but _Maverick_ is far and away the best Star Wars movie I've seen.
Mad Max is way better because there’s no real world scenario where the USAF isn’t going to deploy a squadron of F22/F35 to strike a sensitive target that has a video game weak spot.
Fury Road was ridiculous from beginning to end and it made sense. Top Gun 2 was meant to be grounded in reality but at the beginning where he survives that space flight and the end where they steal a jet were just ridiculous and stood out from the rest of the movie. With that said, I love both movies and were one of the most memorable theater experiences I've ever had, but I think Fury Road was the better action movie.
I watched Mad Max with my dad. In the beginning he kept looking at me like “Wtf are we watching?”. As soon as he saw the electric guitar flamethrower dude, he understood exactly what kind of movie this was and he had an absolute blast watching it. 

Ridiculous, over the top, and audio and visual spectacle. Story? Who cares about the story? This is about crazy stunts that were filmed, not animated. I love it.

Maverick is also amazing. I’m just gonna say I love both equally because I could watch either on repeat without getting bored.
Saving Private Ryan.
Definitely mad Max.
Mad Max was cooler. Had an actual cool storyline that was a creative take on an apocalyptic world. Top Gun was a vanity project so that Tom Cruise doesn't feel like an old man anymore.
Both were incredible in-theatre experiences but Mad Max was more action pack from front to back.
I choose Mad Max just because Tom Hardy is less unpleasant to watch in movies.
John Wick
The one that isn't douchey military propaganda
Tom Hardy because he isn’t in a cult called Scientology. Also watch legend he plays  twin brothers and you forgot he’s playing both of them. He’s that fucking good.
Mad Max.

Top Gun was great but a really big part of the appeal is nostalgia. Remove the context of the first movie and it's "only" a pretty good movie, equal to the MI series or to some of Tom Cruise's other well-respected action movies like the one where he kept getting killed.

Mad Max, OTOH, was super original and batshit crazy from the first minute to the last.
Mad Max, I saw that film because my buddy and I couldnt get tickets to a different show and we were so hyped after it ended. TGM was fun too though.
Theyre both so different i dont think theyre comparable at all.

Off action sequences alone Mad Max wins for sheer creativity but Top Gun wins for intensity (i think..)

I cant choose lol
For me MadMax, not a fan  of Scientology
I preferred Mad Max, but both are excellent action movies, mostly because of the minimal CGI used.
Practical effects
Honestly, I’ve never gotten anything from Mad Max. It was just a sequence of wild visuals, but I had no reason to care about any of the characters or the plot.
Mad Max.
Mad Max. Watching a car chase go through a giant sandstorm full of Fire Tornadoes in a 3D theater was the most spectacular things I’ve ever witnessed at the movies. I really loved its story and characters, too.

https://youtu.be/p_kSs3w9pEI
Top gun was winks and nods to the old movie saying, ehhhh?!  Remember?!!!! Remember when that happened in the old movie?!!!  Okay, now it’s a mission impossible movie with jets.  Which, don’t get me wrong, was great, but fury road felt like, here’s some action for 2 hours, get ready
Top gun maverick isn’t even that good. It was too easy, there was nothing on the line. A mission once deemed impossible, and every single person survived? Even though they were all ass on every practice run? Come on. It’s military propaganda and that’s why no one died. 

Mad max is so much better. This shouldn’t be remotely close.
"Witness me!"
MMFR because I like my movies propaganda free
Mad max was bananas. The better movie imo
Not even a comparison. Fury Road is a best movie of all time contender. Best action movie of all time not even close.
Mad max by an Australian mile.
Ones actually a cinematic masterpiece, and ones a re-shoot of a soft core homo erotic Navy enlistment campaign.
Mad Max. The first top gun was two hours of watching g two fighter pilots trying not to kiss. Can imagine the second one is any better.
Mad max was non stop action with great acting.  Top gun was regurgitated bull shit with some badass jet fighting scenes and a script that seemed more a like a  Disney version of mission impossible than the original 
Top gun.  The original top gun is slightly better than this mad max.
Only one has Furiosa.
Fury Road all day long.
The big build-up action scene in Maverick was thrilling and well executed and absolutely breath-taking.

Now imagine if that exhilaration and heart-racing action sequence lasted for nearly the entire run-time of the movie?

You would get Mad Max Fury Road, the best movie of 2015 that should've swept the Oscars.

&#x200B;

Miller > Iñárritu. One of the biggest Best Director snubs in recent memory.
While visually impressive, Top Gun has far less interesting world building.
Can someone explain how in the ever loving fuck they have yet to make a Mad Max sequel?
Mad Max because it’s the best action film of the 21st century
Mad Max because of the way that it is. And because it doesn’t have Tom Cruise in it.
Maverick. Fury Road is impressive spectacle and I love it but story wise... Eh. Plus Fury Road leaves me bummed out. Maverick leaves me ready to take on the world.
Tom Cruise is a high ranking member of the church of scientology, he can suck all the dicks. Tom Hardy all day every day
100% it’s Mad Max. Top Gun was great, but honesty a little corny. Mad Max won like four Oscar’s. To me it’s not even close. I’d be interested in hearing the counter argument.
Maverick, as the protagonist says more than 3 lines or so.
Mad Max Fury Road.
Which ever movie doesn't have that weirdo in it.
Mad Max and it’s not close
Top Gun Maverick, legacy sequel that makes every aspect of the first movie better
Mad max is pretty much nonstop action
Is this even a question? 
Mad max x 10000000000000000
I HATE action movies..
apples and oranges
Madmax is a no brainer
Had to Google the bottom and then realized the top was a remake/ sequel??? How many shitty movies will we let them make???
Maverick. Hits on all notes.
Not even close Top Gun
Well, I enlisted in the military because of the original Top Gun. But I have never visited Australia. So I think I know my biased answer.
Mad max never misses his shampoo day
ppl really acting like mad max fury road is a narrative masterpiece
For those that don't like Mad Max, do you like cars?

MM is a fever cult dream for car nuts. Esp. those that like V8s.
There is no other words to better describe Fury Road than a brilliantly choreographed ballet of carnage. It is cinematography at its highest level.  The other is just another excuse for Tom Cruise to do his own stunts thus proving he is most definitely NOT 60

Edit: I hate Tom Cruise
Anything without Tom Cruise in it is automatically better.
People like the blatant propaganda movie?
I'll never forget the chills I got during the cross of the sand storm in Mad Max.

Pillars of sand tornados, lightning clashing, and a giant flame wake from a dismembered monster truck; the raw facial expression of both terror and envy Nux made with his amazing one liners all coupled with a eargasm score was S Tier editing.
Mad Max. Top Gun Maverick was *really* well done with some great action scenes. But it's pretty simple narratively. Nothing wrong with that. Dumb fun is still fun. But compared to the world building and iconic visuals in Fury Road, nah, it ain't even close.
You don’t even compare those two. Mad Max is masterpiece
There is zero way anyone who actually watched both of these movies thinks Mad Max is the better film
Mad max because there more action and characters actually die
Mad Max. Hands down. Charleze nailed it, so did Tom Hardy.
MMFR hands down. I came out of the movie theatre sweating from the amount of action during Mad Max, there is like 15 minutes of dialogue in that entire film.
Sing, Brother Heckler! Sing, Brother Koch! Sing, brothers! Sing! SIIIIING!  
Sometimes a spectacle is all you need.
How is this even a question. Mad max for sure
Both different.

Lots of people like mad max more on here because its a fantasy basically. 

Maverick is grounded in reality and that can get a little boring without the planes flying to entertain you.

Regardless more people saw Maverick, it made over triple what MMFR made in the box office. Reviews from critics are both good though.

And atleast according to RT audiences liked Maverick more than Mad Max.

They’re different genres of action movie so its not a completely fair comparison, but Top Gun Maverick made a significantly larger splash when jumping into theaters than Mad Max. So fair to say it is better. More people wanted to watch it so thats a fair way to measure and gauge which is better. One did significantly better than the other in the box office.
Tom Hardy is the better Tom.
Mad max. Hands down. People still quote that shit. "Witness me" is such a great scene.
But both are very entertaining action films, good in their own right. 

I personally think it’s Mad Max. Mainly because Mad Max has a Doof Warrior and Top Gun does not. The Doof Warrior really pushes it over the top. 

https://madmax.fandom.com/wiki/Coma-Doof_Warrior
I don't think it's fair to compare a good action movie to the best action movie. Mad Max: Fury Road is the greatest action movie ever.
Mad Max was entertaining but I didn’t think it was anything special.  I know it gets a lot of love of Reddit, but I just don’t personally agree with it.  Maverick was amazing to me on the other hand.
My god, the dick sucking of MMFR in this comment section would make you think it’s the best movie ever made. It’s not THAT good, it’s not even the best movie in it’s own franchise. 

Maverick was great. Was it also the best movie ever made? No. But you clowns need to stop acting like it wasn’t probably the best movie of the year.
Fury Road.

 Not a single cultist headlining the franchise.
I throw my hat in for top gun. Saw it multiple time in a IMAX theater and thought it was phenomenal each time. I seen and own Mad max and really the hype around may be influencing my own feelings cause I think of it as just an ok movie. I find the mad max world fascinating and that's part of the intrigue and it is a very well made movie. But I'm very whelmed by it. But top gun 2 kind of blows me away and everything is just as sharply executed.

Top Gun 2 bring out a better sense of wonder for me and kind of makes you appreciate flight more. Where as Mad max is kind of dark and dreary and is a commentary on some aspects of humanity and really quite pessimistic about it all. Even as a nihilist I find it to be a bit pretentious about it's outlook on humanity. I appreciate Top guns sense of wonder a bit more and it not caring to cater to today's whims of everything has to have the same messaging if not your evil and vile.
I prefer Mad Max.
Mad Max, of course! I mean, cars and guns and guys playing metal on said cars while mutants do what they can so they can go into the afterlife bright and shiny!
Die hard. Because it’s better than both of these and so are it’s sequels and it can also double as a Christmas movie
Well, look at you all whippin out your witness me’s…

All that movie was was driving…three hours of people driving through a fucking desert .  

I will reenact it for you :

Here is the first hour: drives down the road
And here’s the second hour: continues to drive down the road.
And are you ready for the third hour? :  Turns around and drives back the way he came.

Even the meat bags drove in that film.

If they really wanted to blow me away, they would’ve ended that movie on the logical closure point. Not the 25 that followed.

you know when  Furiosa is on her knees and gives max that ever so “Come hither” look.  And right before the credits roll Max, flat out bricks, in Furiosa’s mouth
I'm really surprised by how many people watch action movies for the story/plot/character development.
One is an action movie, the other is a commercial for the military.
Maverick was popcorn but didn’t really have any substance or creativity. It was just pilot stunts with a half assed fan service story.

MMFR was artistic, intense, and pretty original by most measures.
This subreddit is really just r/contrarian huh
Tom Cruise
Even the TV version of mad max is better than maverick.
I don’t think the visual effects of top gun can be out beaten by MM. Mad Max’s plot was also tragically poorly done.
Maverick
Mad max not even a close race
I’m biased, which film had more naked ladies
Anything without Tom Cruise. Because it doesn’t have Tom Cruise.
Witness Me!
Mad Max had more edge and was more interesting to me. Top Gun was extremely competently made and has some amazing cinematography but man, it felt too 'safe' for me to love personally.
*Mad Max Fury Road* That was the best production of the year.
Top Gun: Maverick because Fury Road really bored me. I love OG Mad Max and George Miller, but I couldn't get into this one.
Mad Max FR is perfect. Maverick is just a very good action movie
Mad max. 

Better storyline. Better characters. Fun cars and enemies. Original writing and practical effects with limited cgi. Has a moral and shows humankind's potential for good and evil.

Tom cruise is too short to be a pilot or really anything he is portrayed as. Also it's s damn re boot. He's too old to fly planes. He'd pass out from the G forces. It's a cash grab to play on nostalgia from the 80s one of the lamest decades imo. Mostly cgi as well. Just in all s lame ass cash grab. Garbage actors and film. Even the first one sucked. The best top gun was the nes game.
Mad Max 🤪🤪🤪🔥🔥🔥 Just seeing and hearing this on IMAX or another theater with high end set up was incredible 😂🤣
Damn those drums beating and guitar riffs we're fantastic
Can’t stand Tom Cruise. So he pretty much ruins any movie for me.  He’s a mean nasty person who impersonates a nice guy. Believe me….he’s not.
The one with the plot that is more than “drive there, drive back.”
Mad Max is an absolute astonishment in cinema.  Nothing compares.
Fury Road
Mad Max because Maverick was a remake with the Death Star solution thrown in. Beautifully shot though.
This cannot be a debate. Mad Max 100%.
Neither.  Can’t stand Tom Cruise and I don’t know the other one.
Mad Max had a few call backs, but it actually had a story instead of a collection of ‘member berries.
One doesn’t star an whack job that supports a cult of child abuse and murder
Mad max is better and I love aviation/planes.
Mad Max because not Tom Cruise. Also it’s awesome. Who doesn’t love a one-armed Charlize Theron kicking ass and generally giving no fucks.
Thatsbait.gif
The one without Tom Cruise.
No idea what the top one is, but I choose it. Mad Max was intensely boring for me. Nice visuals but just boring.
Everyone saying fuck top gun because fuck America is retarded. You know what happens when America doesn't exist? Russia and china get slot more "Ukrainian wars" to start.
Fury Road is a better action movie. Maverick is just oh, he's going to fly a plane, now he's going to fly this plane, now there's more planes that are going to fly, how much plot armor can we keep airborne at once? 

"That's bait" is a better action scene by itself.
Top Gun 100%

I don’t get the overwhelming insane love for Mad Max. It was okay, but other than maybe 20-30 minutes of the movie it was boring as hell with the weakest plot ever
Isn't mad max fury road basically a remake of Mad Max 2- The Road warrior? Which I like more because it seems more grounded and solemn.
Mad Max by a mile. Mad Max had a giant truck with a dude playing heavy metal guitar on the front bumper and somehow it felt more real than Top Gun Maverick. Mad Max was more original, more fun, and was aware of that fact that it was over the top ridiculous. 

Top Gun was a very well made movie with great cinematography but the whole plot made zero sense. They have cruise missiles specifically designed for that purpose. Plus they just recycled the trench run from Star Wars. It was a very enjoyable pop corn flick that was not very memorable IMO.
Fury Road ain’t US military propaganda so it takes the cake
Top Gun maverick is so damn boring. I was sitting through the movie waiting for it to end. Sure there’s cool airplane scenes but that’s pretty much it
MM and it’s not even close
Fury Road. Because it’s 120 minutes but feels like 88. And TGM is 131 minutes but feels like 150.
Top Gun is an action movie?
Top gun cause idk what the other one is lol
Mad Max by far
Action movie? Fury Road. Movie? Maverick. Better soundtrack. Long awaited. Nostalgia bomb.
Fury Road was doing something new with a IP that was always more of a cult classic. Top Gun has always been extremely overrated.
Mad Max Fury Road every single day of the week and twice on Sundays.
Fury!
Mad Max by far.  Tom Cruise’ acting went downhill after the first Mission Impossible, his cheesy face could barely keep it together for half of the new Top Gun.
Fury Road because fuck Tom Cruise.
What? They are not even in the same universe... like what type of comparison is this???
Mad Max Fury Road is better in every positive aspect and doesn't insult your intelligence.
Mad Max because the lead wasn't part of a cult that has destroyed the lives of so many people and even killed at least one, as well as helped cover up multiple sexual assault and child molestation charges
Mad Max had me sweating in the theater, it was so intense.
Mad Max. Top Gun was only good in the last 30 minutes of the movie anyway.
Mad Max is the better Action Movie because the 1% of the movie that isn't an Action Sequence is the credit scroll at the end.

Top Gun: Maverick has some beautifully shot action sequences, but there's a whole bunch of the movie that isn't Action.
One is a statement and criticism on today's society, the other is just military circlejerking.
MM definitely. Everything was better all around. TGM was fun but was very generic. I enjoyed it but it was exactly what I expected a TG sequel to be right down to the non specific enemy showing zero hint of any nationality.
Well, I cared about the characters in Fury Road, so I’m going with that one.
Mad Max. One of the best action movies ever made.
Mad Max is almost completely nonstop action. TGM has a lot of downtime
a big fan of mad max's "here's the main character but actually not the main character" style. just a dude that got dropped into other's problems and decided he'd help out. the simple plot sprinkled with world building does a great job of just sucking me into the movie. but i really liked top gun maverick too.
Fury Road is the best action movie of all time. Top Gun 2 in in the top 20 maybe.
One of these has a guy playing a guitar that spews fire. And the other has a Scientologist that refuses to acknowledge he's middle-aged.
Both sucked but Furiousa's movie was better by light years. That movie is not a mad max movie, change my mind.
Mad Max every single day over anything Tom cruise.
Fear & Loathing in Vegas,....   
Because of the Massive amounts of Drug Use,... ;- j
Mad Max because it never lets up and just keeps hitting you up to the very end.

Also the fact the USAF could’ve done that mission with ease and not needed to put a whole carrier group in harms way… Flight of B-2s air refueling while taking off from mainland USA. And you could easily mix in SEAD F-16s escorted by F-22s to knock out the 5th Gen fighters and SAM sights. Granted the B2s probably handle both in the middle of the night while personal are asleep.
Mad Max and it's not particularly close, composition of the action scenes is the best ever imo, it's so chaotic but somehow it's very easy to follow
Mad Max because f**k US military propaganda.
Tough question. I think I liked the land before time knock off better than the star wars knock off
Well one has the frontman for a murderous scam Cult blowing the US Military in a ridiculous, unashamed propaganda piece, and the other has a guy play a flamethrower guitar on the back of a Death truck and an original plot.
Fury Road is such a perfect film, a rich world without a bunch of overly wrought exposition supported by a nonstop action ride that manages to easily sustain a deep emotional heart. Masterful in every way. George Miller makes some amazing films.
People are debating the qualities of these but honestly is Maverick even an action movie? Not really what that word evokes to me
Mad max.  Top gun 2 was good, but for action it is Mad Max all the way
As an American top gun, as someone watching abroad mad max for sure.
Mad Max Fury Road. Better action movie, better acting, better movie. top gun Maverick was definitely a good flick and lots of fun though, no disrespect.
Oh what a day
Top Gun.
Need thoughts on this movie

Because so much of the movie is limited to a small space, its claustrophobic and the tension builds almost unbearably and puts a large focus on the dialogue. Like an extended version of the basement scene from Inglorious Basterds. That's where Tarantino thrives.

That being said, I prefer much of his other work but it's still a great movie.
You need 2 boards to shut the door!
Love it , gets better with each watch for me.
Love it, if you enjoy Tarantino movies you will like it too. I do think it’s a tad long for a casual viewer. My opinion but ive watched both the extended and regular version multiple times.
Saw this on the special 70mm and it was absolutely fantastic and it made me love it so much more. Giant fan of westerns and Tarantino and I think this movie is brilliant.
In my opinion not his best, but that bar is pretty fucking high so it's still a top notch film. I enjoyed it, but full disclosure, I am a sucker for Walton Goggins and he absolutely nails his role. All of them really do.
Fuckin amazing
One of my favorite movies by Tarantino. Probably going to watch it tonight. 

Always loved Reservoir Dogs. And this gives that same feeling. Also has Tim Roth and Michael Madsen!
I think it’s cold in the movie
Fantastic film. If I had a gripe it would the final scene. I'd elaborate but I don't know how to do that cool blackout thing for spoilers that people do. Even still, I loved it and have watched it multiple times. It just builds and builds and builds...
Personally, and I admit to being a fan of classic westerns, I consider this my favorite Tarantino movie.  Walton Goggins was genius level casting.
Great movie
Netflix has an extended version, that’s converted into a mini series.
I love it. It's like a whodunit stage play for part of it. It's not for everyone, but I really like it.
Typical Tarantino, well crafted with good, interesting dialogs.
Visually one of the most beautiful movies I’ve seen.
I thought it was really good on all points.
As someone who thought they were a Tarantino fan, I hated it. Saw it in theaters. Don’t ever want to rewatch. Movie or broken-up-series format or otherwise. If you like it, I’m just kind of jealous of you.
Not Quinton Tarantino best work. Just my humble opinion
I enjoy it. A tad long with not the most action, however the mystery kept me locked in.
Can't help but compare to Inglorious Basterds which is the superior film.
I feel bad for OB not being credited as a main character
Great performances 

Too long and a little sloppy in the 3rd act 

Jennifer Jason Leigh should have won an Oscar
A movie that's worth multiple watches. Very good. I'd give it a Hateful 8 out of 10.
The wide shots outdoors are absolutely breathtaking. I’m a big fat fan of Tarantino in general but this one, visually at least, is incredible. From a plot/writing perspective it’s a typical Tarantino film, if you don’t like one you probably won’t like any.
You know what they used to call him? Quentin “one trick pony” Tarantino.
Meh
Meh... another one of Taratino's self flatulation's.
I saw twenty minutes of it and turned it off. The dialogue was really bad and it was just looking like the same junk he’s always done.
Samuel L Jackson describing the blowjob he got from the dudes son ruined this movie for me
Zoe Bell saying ‘I’m from Auckland’ in her kiwi accent really took me out of that film. I just found it cringe and unnecessary. And I am a kiwi.
I’m a *huge* Tarantino fan, but even *Hateful Eight* felt a little gratuitous and implausible at times.  For example, I think that the “Lincoln letter” exchange is fantastic, but I found the beatings of Daisy Domergue by John Ruth a bit hard to watch and detracting from the great piece of backstory.  The sequences with Walton Goggins and Samuel L. Jackson produced some of the best dialogue of the movie, but I found Jackson’s revelation to Bruce Dern to be a bit over-the-top and that it ultimately detracted from Jackson’s character development as opposed to adding to it.  I understand the function is to advance the action, but it felt ham fisted.  While I love Tim Roth, I found his dialogue with Kurt Russel to be somewhat boring.  

Ultimately, I thought *Hateful Eight* was an interesting addition to the Tarantino pantheon, but weak relative to Tarantino’s other filmography and writing.  I found the aspect ratio decision for claustrophobic effect to be conceptually interesting, but felt it was a bit nauseating at times.

I’d say the movie is a solid C+/B- for me.  In my Tarantino list it’s likely my least favorite, but I also love *Jackie Brown* and I suspect that isn’t a popular take.  I’ve watched Hateful Eight about 3 times and I will say, I think it has great rewatch value in light of the storytelling  style and the subtle development of all of the characters
Parts of it are a perfect homage to The Thing.
I really believe this is some of Tarantino’s best work.
I think it’s really good but it’s my least favorite from him.

The acting and dialogue is obviously superb and the cinematography is some of the most beautiful I’ve seen in a while. But for some reason, I don’t feel drawn to rewatch this one all that often. 

I think the story is cool and that it’s an entertaining movie but it’s just too damn long for what it is. 

I also feel like it’s better suited towards the stage than film. The style is more like a play than a movie. On one hand, I like that. On the other, I want to watch a *movie*, not a play.
Even though I haven't seen a bad Tarantino movie, I was hesitant to watch this one. It almost felt like homework. However, when I finally watched it, I really enjoyed it. Even though it's long and not much action, it doesn't feel it.
Most disappointing Tarantino movie by a wide margin
I really didn’t enjoy it.
8/10 

Lacks a little bit in the action side of things for a Tarantino movie, but the dialogue for me was fantastic. Great characters and good story that keeps you guessing up until the very end.
Boring and dull
I thought it was a bit long but still pretty good. Not my favorite from Tarantino
Absolutely love it.
It’s good, but a little too hateful. I like some but not all Tarantino movies for this reason. He’s a twisted genius but also kind of a dick, and his oeuvre perfectly reflects that. Once upon a time in Hollywood is twisted genius. Hateful Eight is kind of a dick.
Top 3 tarantino for me
Did not care for it
Entertaining by any normal standard and a good enough film but my least favorite Tarantino. I think there’s an idea there but it’s stretched out paper thin. 

Also Reservoir Dogs does a stand-off better and Django is a better period piece. Just seems the least inspired of the Tarantino catalogue to me.
Snooze fest
I dunno I’ve never seen it
has its moments, but ultimately kind of a slog tbh.  bottom tier tarantino
That poor guitar
Maybe not his best. But you can still sense his love for cinema and how he pays homage, and that's what makes it a fantastic movie.
One and done
I like it a lot. A lot more than Django, which I’ve rewatched just once, and even more so than Once Upon a time in Hollywood, which I did not care for.
[deleted]
The movie is incredible. Tatum in particular was a surprise. I didn’t think he was able to pull the character of but man he was great!
Loved it. Tons of tension. So many great performances.
I love watching this movie when it’s snowing out, it really helps set a tone
The beginning landscape scenes and the horses in the snow, and the Jesus in the snow, so such a good job setting the stage for the film. And brilliant filmmaking.
Really good flick. Personally seen it like 7 times. Everybody played there part to perfection. Recommended highly
Not Quintons best but still worthy of being watched.
It had definitely become on of my favorites. I like the way the movie switches to chapters and then we get the pov from the guys trying to save daisy. Also the twists that happen and the mystery solving that goes throughout the whole movie. It’s a very unlikely group of people stuck with each other. It’s amazing. My review sucks idk what else to say lol
I am a huge Tarantino fan, and I could not watch it a 2nd time. I didn’t even make it past the initial stagecoach scene. The dialogue is bloated, and once they start making Jackson’s character jump through multiple hoops without character-building reasons I just lost interest. 

I wanted there to be scenes like the bar scene in Inglorious Basterds, or the diner scene at the end of Pulp Fiction, but this one did not resonate with me like that. I felt like I was watching a performance, rather than watching a story unfold.
Very good movie. Top 5 as one of my favorites.
Not as good as Inglourious basterds but still great
I don’t like movies that can be plays.
I went to the theatre and saw this and didn’t like it. It came out on Netflix and since then I have watched it about 20 times. Absolutely love it. The small space it’s shot to me gives a cozy relaxed feeling. Like living in an RV. I personally find that extremely relaxing and like I said a cozy feeling. Makes me wish I lived back in those times. Can’t recommend the movie enough
I generally like Tarantino, and I like stage plays, but I did not like this. Partly it was there was such an effort to make everyone despicable that it worked and I didn't care what happened because I didn't like anyone. At all. I am absolutely willing to believe that this is what QT can do at his most self-indulgent, and I'm not into it. I'd watch any of his movies five times before I watch this again. 

Also looking at it now, I'm not very OCD, but them not lining the names up with the posters is practically inexcusable to me lol.
Thoughts.
Awesome movie to watch if you're snowed in / holiday season or winter in general. I waited a few years to watch it after hearing it was just okay, but I found it pretty incredible.
I loved it in theaters but can’t bring myself to watch it again. Tried the extended version on Netflix and got distracted.
My only thought is that door is indeed a whore.
A great example of dialogue driving a movie. Tarantino is a master of character dialogue and the random story twist. Excellent movie
One of my favorites
Tarantino’s weakest film. A decent Agatha Christy type western but maybe should’ve been a limited series.
I love the whole snow/white guilt/purity motif, and Sam Jackson’s gloves…the characters constantly trying to keep the snow out, the opening shot of Jesus being buried in snow. 

I honestly feel like Death Proof through Django was the low point of his career and this and OUATIH are an improvement. But Planet Terror was fucking awesome, even though it’s really Rodriguez’s film I know he was heavily involved.
(not-so) Hidden gem. While not my favorite or his best work, it's perfect to watch on a cold winter night. Puts me right in the mood for this one. Could be a touch shorter
That jawn was crazy fr good ass movie
It's a great movie, but he's made many others that were much better. Probably #6 on my list of Tarantino films.
So long.
It felt like a recycled western version of Reservoirs Dogs for me.
Its great
It’s hilarious
I love every Tarantino movie I've seen but I couldn't watch this one. I tried watching it several times and couldn't finish it before turning it off about halfway through. The gratuitous use of the n-word was more off-putting in this one than in Django to me. It was long and boring and it didn't seem like anything was really happening for the first hour. I thought he overdid it with the witty dialogue to the point that it was trying too hard.
Went and saw it with a friend when it came out in theaters.

One of the few movies I've ever had the thought of "Should we leave?".

I remember the payoff not being worth it.
I love all the characters, good and bad. Particularly Kurt Russel and Sam Jackson
Out of all the movies made my Quentin, this was one of them.
Nucking Futs!! But I enjoyed it.
my thoughts are you're karma farming.
Me and my friends quote this movie extensively. 
Ennio’s soundtrack, the claustrophobic feeling, the depth and range of the characters, the “twist”. It’s such a great cozy winter cabin watch.

“Who the fuck is Daisy Domergue”
“Justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being Justice”
“CHRIST that’s awful”
Great movie, but the scene where poor >!Minnie and her innocent co-workers!< get murdered is tough to watch for me.
New critical analysis:  “Thoughts on X?”  “I liked it.”
Like it, don’t love it.
It's good ...
Not bad.
Worth it to watch the 4 part extended cut
Watched this at Grand Lake Theatre in Oakland. Similar to the first comment by @rallycat098, I think it’s great but I prefer his other works better. Hateful Eight seemed unnecessarily dragged out. I could have done without the disturbing snow scene with Samuel L Jackson, felt it didn’t add anything to the plot haha
8 men, ONE woman starring? So lame.
From what I’ve heard and read, it’s a really well-made film, it’s just that the feeling that it goes for is uncomfortable.
It certainly was A Movie.
Top Five Tarantino flick for me.

One of the most rewatchable.
My favorite of his films that I've seen so far. I thought Russel, Jackson, and particularly Goggins were incredible. Really blown away by Goggin's performance. Also just love the way the tension shifted and who you thought was evil/good bounced around throughout. Totally awesome mystery thriller imo.
Boring and indulgent. I can’t believe there is an even longer version.
Too drawn out for me, and I’ll always hate _that_ guitar was (accidentally) destroyed
Haberdashery is such a fun word
One of my top 5 tarantino flicks. Very reminiscent of reservoir dogs. Absolutely love this movie, and it’s on my list of winter watches.
Extremely satisfying ending
Solid
Love it. One of my favorites
Underrated
I didn’t like it. Thought it was boring. Haven’t seen the extended Netflix version
I greatly enjoyed this movie. It did a good job of getting me emotionally invested in characters I dont like. I've since realized I also tend to enjoy movies with limited set changes so maybe I'm biased.
I haven't seen it, but I'm guessing they use the n-word a lot and there's a close-up of women's feet
Good winter vibes, good little twist, I like it. RIP that priceless guitar tho
I love this movie
Very much a “meh” movie by Tarantino standards
The guitar smash scene is phenomenal lmao
Best western ever made
I think it’s his worst movie, easily.
Loved it. It's not fast paced, and for long times almost nothing important happens, so some viewers may get bored. But these extensive time spent for each scene allows a lot of room for dialogues and nuance subtle means for actors to convey their work. Personally I liked the dialogues, the tension building between characters so I enjoyed it.
My favorite Tarantino movie. Directors cut
Splendid
It's horrible
Jennifer Jason Leigh is just amazing in that film.
It’s vicious. I love it.
Absolute masterpiece
personally, i enjoy it. it’s not my favorite tarantino movie, but i did like it more than pulp fiction for some reason (don’t come for me). it can feel long if you’re not in the mood for it or are not used to slow burn movies, though.
Why are you posting without sharing any of your own opinions?
One word: silly
Great theater experience.
Typical Tarantino. A good watch
Meh
Highly recommend the Netflix Director’s cut. Really really great movie, imo.
Love it! Watched it again around Christmas and enjoyed it even more than I did the last 3 times I watched it. 

Great movie.
I think one of the only Tarantino films I didn’t like that much. It’s good but I’m not gunna watch it a 3rd time like his others
If you liked The Thing, you’ll love this movie.
Feels like a play.
I love every bit of it.  The Thing is one of my favorite movies, and this is absolutely a film made by someone who absolutely loves the thing, and that someone happens to be Quentin Tarantino, which makes for delightful cinema.

A lot of people are complaining about the runtime, but this is just one of those movies where you have to settle in and embrace the pace.  Combined with unused tracks from the The Thing composed by Ennio Morricone, Tarantino emphasizes the utter strandedness of being stuck in a blizzard.  The opening shot establishes the scale, and the slow nature to be expected with this film that accentuates isolation, because you’re about to be stuck in a haberdashery with no one you can trust.  Then, as the blizzard hits, shots of simply setting up a line to the outhouse takes an eternity as the soundtrack drones on, and from there on out, you KNOW there is no escaping the one room everyone has sought refuge in.  But there will be no refuge.

From there, Quentin uses a ultra wide angle lens to keep everything in frame.  It’s more of a play than a movie at this point, as all characters are present, regardless of who has the dialog.  I love all the characters, especially Kurt Russel and Samuel L Jackson, who are on another level of awesome.  Then, Walton Goggins steals every scene with a perfect love to hate, hate to love character. Tim Roth is clearly just having a blast, and Michael Madsen is wonderful repressed evil. 

Then shit hits the fan and the bloody comedy to follow is something only Quentin is capable of. It’s a blast, focused mostly on letting actors have fun.  Treat it like the experience it is, and you’re bound to have a great time.
it’s got it’s goofy parts especially the ending (won’t go into detail obviously) but the dialogue/camerawork and story are great just like every other tarantino movie.
If you're into tension and colorful dialogue this is the movie for you.  

It's also pretty damn long.
9/10 dialogue could’ve been more clean. The vulgarity was a bit unnecessary.
Not his best work, but it has all of the hallmarks of his filmmaking style and is well-acted.
Did not enjoy this but I enjoy all of his other work.  For me it is just too heavy handed in everything it does.
I love this movie, one of my favorites! Reminds me of watching live theatre
I enjoyed it. I'm glad I saw it in theatres. You know, the whole "cinema is an event'" thing. I've only watched it once, since after you do you can't experience the twist again.
My favorite Christmas movie
Broken door, soup, coffee
I like this movie. It’s Tarantino odd but it’s a good watch.
Although this movie isn't my favorite Tarantino movie.
The writing is by far my favorite.
The misogyny is even more claustrophobic than the setting.
One of my all time favorites.
Meandering and wayyy too long
"You gotta use 2 pieces of wood"
My big problem is that the parlor mystery part is clumsily handled.  Marquis has way more information than the viewer has, and thus we have no real shot at figuring it out.  Then it is resolved with a voiceover.  That’s just freaking lazy.  Love Q, but mystery isn’t his bag.
Still broken-hearted about that invaluable Martin guitar that was destroyed
Thoughts
One of my favorite movies of all time.
Personally it’s all about the dialogue and tension in any Tarantino movie and this is his strongest quality as a writer and it’s on full display here more. I’ve always said, I could listen to this movie on tape, that’s how good the dialogue is. I get why it’s not a lot of peoples favorite, and it doesn’t crack my top 5 Tarantino films but that’s not a knock on it because it’s still great.
Beautiful Film
Lesser Tarantino. By his own admission, it would have been a great play.
Hangman is always gonna hang.
It’s John Carpenter’s The Thing with cowboys, what’s not to love?
Great dialogue as expected. I'd like to see it performed on stage.
Violence and more violence
This movie is incredible I have no bad words about it
Well, if you must know one thing, it’s that you have to nail it shut.
It's a great movie, especially if you watch it with other people, but all of the characters talk like Tarantino. That's just how he writes, but it's more noticeable to me in this one.
I've started it three times and only got 5-10 min. Before I get bored.  I really need to give it it's due.
I went to a small movie thetre in Chicago that had it in the original aspect ratio it was filmed in, or something like that. It was a special version. The special version included a 15 minute intro which was just a 15 minute loop of a some music while there was an animation of a wagon on the screen. There was also an intermission which was nice because beer and bathroom. I thought the movie was pretty cool.
I didn’t really like it, although the characters and the setting were cool!
I loved it!
Probably his worse movie. And the gay rape was wildly unnecessary.
One night, my wife and I were returning to her family's place and saw a massive film crew at the neighbors land. Stopped and asked what the hell was going on. 

Turns out they were filming this! So I'm totally biased and thought it was great
A little long but good
I loved it, the story unravels itself so evenly with such smooth pace, with a satisfying ending. However it was a little gruesome for my tastes.
That poor guitar
His worst movie but still very decent and watchable.
It's decent.
When Anthony Hopkins appears, playing a repressed British butler, I was out. Tarantino shoulda excised that along with the Home Alone kid setting up traps. Wtf.
I enjoy it. But it was made after the point where Tarantino was really beginning to stroke himself a bit too much. I don't necessarily think it's boring or dull, but this is a story that could have been told in 90 minutes.
I enjoyed the movie. Reminds me a lot of Reservoir Dogs.
Pretty good
Saw it in theaters and remember loving it. I haven’t watched it since
I have not seen it, but if Tarantino made it, then I know it has lots and lots of talking and lots and lots of violence.
This movie is absolutely incredible
Probably my least favorite QT movies.   Just seemed to really lean into the violence.  Not in a realistic way or for revenge or for really any reason....just seemed more mean spirited than most for no good reason.
Many people seem to have a problem with the run time. If long movies are not your thing you can watch it on Netflix over 4 fifty minute episodes. But act fast, it's leaving Netflix on Jan 26th.
Fanfuckintastic!
For Tarantino's take on a western, it's not his best work (Django is, as Tarantino himself says, a "southern"). His best western (if we look at the way it's shot and cut) is Inglourious Basterds, at least in my opinion. Had Basterds had an original score done by Morricone, it would probably be my favourite Tarantino movie of all time, even better than Pulp Fiction.
KICK IT OPEN
Great movie!!! Spoiler alert 🚨 Wish everyone didn’t die at the end so they could make a #2. The dialogue in this movie reminds me of pulp fiction. Samuel L. Jackson kills it per usual. Loved this movie even the 3 hour version
Excellent movie!
Honestly one of my favorite QT movies. I found it to be thrilling, brutal, and hilarious.
Watch it.  Develop thoughts.
Over rated.
They should have used a replica guitar.
Better than the Magnificent Seven but not quite as good as the Ridiculous Six.
I thought it started interesting but ended up finding it rather boring.  The title is really fitting because I found everyone unlikable.  Nothing kept me invested.
Tarantino's usual cast of actors out on another masterful performance. Sam Jackson is always good and can slip into any role given like a glove and make it his own
I read that Kurt filmed another movie about the same time, a desert movie with troglodytes
Don’t drink the coffee. Also, no dogs no…
I believe the first hour or so is a drag and a chore to sit through, but after that, it's a goddamn thrill.
If you like cowboys and blood its a movie made for you XD
There are 8 people in a cabin and they are full of hate. I can't tell you more than that because this movie was such a slog for me. But that's on Tarantino. He's a hit or miss director for me.
Should’ve been called “The H8ful 8”
Good not great
Okay/boring ish first half. Great second half. If you like Tarantino movies you'll probably like this but it is a very slow burn at the start, almost to the point of being self indulgent.
Most expensive movie Quentin Tarantino has ever done 🤣
I enjoyed it.  Probably not my favorite QT film, but I still liked it a lot.
Dope ass movie, love the dialogue, man rape was funny. Hateful 8 out of 8. Extended edition is good as well.
A little overlong in my opinion, but overall quite good. Some great character performances
Not his best but I really enjoy it. Good cast, I know some people think it's slow but I like the pace.
Shit I guess it’s just me but I love the over 4hr extended version I watch it prolly twice a year
To me it was boring, just not entertaining, I actually turned it off I think, but I honestly don’t remember the end so maybe it just wasn’t interesting enough to make an impact.
I loved this movie
Idk if it's the right movie but the scene where the guys are all wearing kkk mask is fucking hilarious.
Simply amazing
So i pulled out my big black Johnson.
I frogging’ love JLL!!!
I think a stick of dynamite was the influence of the pacing of this film. I personally loved the slow burn. But once we get to the shit hitting the fan, it doesn’t feel clever anymore, and just feels like an easy out.
Why? Tarantino movies are all the same.
Tarantino is at his best when he doesn't overindulge, because he doesn't have to even try, his style is all over even his most minimal works. The Hateful 8 is one of the most overindulgent and overlong of his films. So yeah, pretty good movie!

I just prefer his other films
I thought it was great up until the mid section where they cut to the flashbacks. Killed a lot of momentum and tension the movie had built so far, all while not adding much that the viewer couldn’t figure out on their own. Felt unnecessary and ultimately made the film feel too long IMO. 

It’s got your typical Tarantino N word festival and violence towards women, which can get a little old if you have seen all his movies to date. Also makes it hard to recommend as not everyone will be okay with that type of stuff in such large amounts. 

And you know Goggins is cool if he feels like he stands on equal footing with Jackson as the movie goes on. Still worth a watch, depending on who you are.
I love it, the stuff about Sam Jackson and the generals son was a bit off putting but other than that a solid campy movie
I really want to see this live. And it gets better every time you watch it.
If you like QT you'll like this just fine.

For me he can be hit or miss but I found this movie insufferable. Generally I find his dialogue isn't as interesting and cool as he thinks it is, and that's really magnified in this movie. To each their own though.
Crazy good.  On several levels.
My least favorite Tarantino film, which means it is pretty good.
Aint nobody in mindy's habidashery ever been friend's with lincoln.
Wonderful sly nod to John Carpenter’s The Thing
One of my all-time favorite horror movies
The Thing but Western
Honestly when it first started I thought the run time was going to get to me but damn it I had a lot of fun watching thing movie
Good, not Tarrentino great though.
Fucking amazing
Another awesome Q flick. Hope he doesn't retire!
“You gotta use two pieces of wood!  One won’t hold it!!!”
I loved it way more than I thought I would. Funny enough I live in Connecticut and was snowed in during a literal blizzard and decided to watch this to fill the time. It was great.
I listen/watch this movie almost every night. The wind and wood creaking is soothing to me.
When I first watched it, I watched it second time straight ahead
Put a nail in it!
Liked it more than Django Unchained.
It is simultaneously my least favorite Tarantino movie and also one of my top 30 favorite movies of all time.
Interesting when taken in smalls doses but ultimately adds up to nothing.  Great craftsmanship for sure, but lacking in vision and inspiration. Unless you count the usual Tarantino “homage” or scenes of typical QT scenes of debate or negotiation.  QT is worth watching but I think he’s run out of stories.
Massive talent and interesting concept, wasted on unnecessary cruelty and violence.
Excellent. Find the extended version on Netflix.
Great dialogue, great characters, and tells a great story.
The dick sucking was excessive.
Masterpiece
Wanted to like it.  There were some great moments and I’m a sucker for Jennifer Jason Leigh, one of my first movie star crushes when I was a kid.

It’s not one if Tarantino’s best and it always felt like I was watching a movie and I don’t have a desire to rewatch it.
I LOVED IT!!!! There were parts that were outrageously funny!
Too long, could've cut down some of it..
Good movie. The netflix mini-series cut of the movie is better than the actual film.
Close the damn door!!!
I fucking love this movie. I saw it on whatever MM road show and it was dope as fuck. Saw multiple times after and it continued to be dope as fuck. Walter Goggins killed. Prime fucking Jackson. Fucking Kurt Russel. Everyone and everything about it is awesome. I feel the cold every time I watch it.
Most underrated QT movie of all time.   Timing doomed it's popularity.
I found it violently boring. For me, it was the confirmation that Tarantino lost his touch.
"need some thoughts on this movie"

OP is in a college film course and you're doing his homework for him.
It is QT's worst movie. I know that sounds like a huge negative, but it's still a damn solid film.  His others are just better, in my opinion. But still worth watching.
Amazing film love the extended version
Tarantino's worst movie
its a comedy
Love it and the extended broken down version on Netflix.
I enjoyed it. I still need to watch the 4 hour version.
How about watching it and thinking for yourself?
I love everything about this movie.
Not one of his best
Man, I absolutely loved this movie.
Solidly will say it’s tied for my favorite of his movies with kill bill 1
I tend to hate anything that falls into the western motif/ genre but this was a fantastic movie if a bit slow.
Use Netflix and watch the extended version … it’s like 4 hours but worth it
Meh.
It was good but could’ve been great
I still think it’s weird there’s a sign the owner on the stopover that says no dogs or Mexicans but yet there was a Mexican there so that should have been a red flag for the newest arrivals……
Very slow, very long, and the scene of Sam Jackson forcing a naked man to suck his dick in the snow was too much for me so I turned it off.
Channing tatums best performance
FANFUCKINTASTIC
>!just trying this out!<
Loved it on first few watches but now find the dialogue repetitive and over the top
It's a really good movie. Setting is extremely limited so as others have said, it relies very heavily on good writing, acting, and camera work. 

Me, my dad, and my grandfather were watching this a couple winters ago at our Vermont house, fireplace blazing. A great memory. All 3 of us have a really sick and dark sense of humor so we found a few parts of the movie absolutely hilarious that definitely weren't supposed to be funny lol.
I feel Walton Goggins is so good in QT films. I wish he’d been cast in previous films. I haven’t liked QT’s more recent films on first watch as much, but then they get better with each viewing. If you’re a QT fan then this movie is for you. If you’re just a casual movie viewer, it’s probably too slow and brash for you.
I love this movie it’s a great crime x mas time movie cause it’s in the middle of a snow storm
Just imagine Sam Jackson’s character is on older more mature Django and it’s brilliant.
Rest in pieces to that Martin guitar
It’s the 8th film by quinten Tarantino
Tarantino's "The Thing"
Over hated. Love it
It was dope, yo.
Not Tarantino’s best
Loved the movie
I absolutely adore it.
Borefest.
I love it so much, I love the extended edition on Netflix. I could watch a hundred movies like this.
if u grade movies by how many times I've put this on then its prolly in my top 10 films
not enough racism!
I've only read a few comments, but I don't think dude cares about perspective, lighting or filming techniques.  It was a bit long, drug at parts, but was a good time killer.
Starting to see pictures now ain’t ya
The unexpected team up was unexpectedly awesome.
I love westerns, love the majority of the actors in this, fan of Tarantino, but I wanted to walk out of this and would have if my date didn't insist we finish. 

It was sickening.
I loved it, great dialogue and the ending paid off.  love the lincolc letter beginning
I loved it. I saw it at the movie theater in 70mm and it was beautiful. Plus it’s a really good movie. Gory but great.
I saw it in theatres when it came out and I remember being very engaged and entertained. I’d see it again but I wouldn’t say it’s Tarantino’s masterpiece, he has made better films. I’m still mourning that antique guitar they absolutely demolished because they forgot to change it out for the prop.
Absolutely fantastic movie. Deserves multiple watches.
Classic westerns, my inner film buff gets particularly excited.   
Of all his films, Quentin Tarantino's well-crafted 'Django Unchained' holds a special place in my heart.   
While this film may have uncommonly graphic violence for a western, I believe that its exceptional cast puts it up there with the greats.   
From Jamie Foxx as the titular character to Walton Goggins as the villainous plantation owner - each actor's portrayal was outstanding and captured their characters perfectly. This spectacular movie made it hard to deny the greatness of 'Django Unchained.'
Honestly, I wanted to love this movie, but the first scene in the stage coach put me off. It was too long. I love all the actors too! I’ll try it again.
I watch it once a year during Christmas. The opening shots are just amazing on my big projector screen. 

Possibly my favorite Tarantino film. Everything is just so tight. Every action and piece of dialogue, including the moments of silence for dramatic effect. It’s a movie that hangs on its dialogue, and Tarantino just does dialogue so goddamn well. It’s truly a script writers showcase.
Probably my favorite movie of all time
This aint debatable, the only good Quentin Tarantino directed movie is Reservoir Dogs  


I mean Dusk Till Dawn's good too, but he wasn't directing it, just co-starring.
Thrice i tried watch this film and thrice i got bored out of my mind and turned it off. A great cast does not a great film make.
Love Tarantino and can’t make it more than 20 minutes through this.
Perfect example of a film ruined by sky high expectations 

I was expecting a twist on “The Magnificent Seven”, not a murder mystery whodunit

And tbh the murder mystery is not my favorite genre

Edit: Django would’ve been a great “detective” for the murder mystery
One of the most entertaining movies I've ever seen...
It's ok. 6/10. Tarantino movies are usually hit or miss. I'm looking forward to his last film though. Maybe dropping in 2 or 3 years
I thought it was great and I watched it on the 70 mm roadshow was a amazing experience
I've never seen it, but whenever someone mentions it my brain hears it as "The Hate Fellate" and I imagine it to be a movie about a very angry blowjob.
Found a better appreciation of the movie on my second watch, but I'm still on the fence on whether the narration was necessary.
it's okay
It drags ass but the ending makes it all worth while of watching it
I felt this movie was fantastic as all Tarantino films are in my opinion.

That being said even after my third watch through I still had fantasies about it being produced as a play. I think if it were to be remade on stage, the production could be better than the movie was in many many ways
Received Poor reviews, thoughts on You People ?

The part where his podcast partner said they can never be friends because of color was the worst part for me.
Everyone else has already pointed out most everything that's wrong with the movie, so I'll just talk about the fact that he quit his lucrative Finance job to be a podcaster. But they were already podcasters. People that do podcasts do an hour, maybe two at the most, a week. Did he get his own show on Sirius xm? How is he planning on turning this into a full-time career? Did his co-host quit her job? It was just so stupid. For me that was the straw that broke the camel's back and I quit watching it.
2 hours of Jonah Hill being the most accepting character and getting absolutely shit on for it.
It was fine but the main couple didn’t feel like a couple at all
Same premise as that Ashton Kutcher and Bernie Mac movie. Except this plays a lot more heavy on racial division. It’s a movie. I will say, I laughed very hard at the cocaine/strip club scene.
White people constantly on the defense and black people constantly on the offense. Very yikes from start to finish and not really funny. Just sad really.
Was it a movie? I thought it was a 2 hour long Nike commercial.
there were several scenes in this movie that was like Nathan-for-you level cringe on steroids. i was literally holding my breathe every time the white parents would say anything. lol

"i'm just gonna throw some out there...THE COPS are....."

"WHOOOAAAA"
My friend and I couldn’t finish it. What was this nonsense
Forced cultural stereotyping movies are the worse and its been creeping around hollywood for a while
 I was very uncomfortable. I was hoping for a Rom-Com. Not even close
The movie had a jarring feel to it that never alleviated. It made me feel uncomfortable in a way a movie has never made me feel (and not in a good way). The whole time I was thinking what is happening and where is it going. The only reason I watched it until the end was the see how everything was resolved. It was cheap, nonsensical and didn’t give the that fulfilling feeling you get at the end of a romcom. Jonah Hill is a sweetheart, but damn, this was movie was a disaster.
I watched the entire movie. As ashamed as I am to admit that.

This is a dumpster fire, Eddie Murphy's idgaf attitude just bled through the entire thing.

It's Holocaust/slavery conversation was cringe, like grit your teeth cringe.

They awoke a whole new level of woke, the entire movie filled with just the worst social media dribble you could imagine.

So many funny comedians and not a damn funny joke in the entirety of the movie.

This movie was like bird shot, small bits of agenda just shot from 10feet away into your eyes.at warp speed.

2/10.  And that's being generous.
Davey D stole the movie.
Terrible, failed attempt at "comedy"... And the constant unnecessary "culture war" between both sides was uncomfortable to say the least...
I thought it had some funny dialogue and moments but ran way too long.

Comment with spoiler:

>!2 hour comedy dedicated to highlighting and reinforcing the divisions between all of us and then the characters doing a 180 in the last 10 minutes just to finish with a happy ending. We're not that good.!<
Like a lot of people Mentioned, the whole black and white dynamic was lame. Black people don’t act like that nor do white people. I know it’s just a movie, but The label they put on each race was so cringy and fake and based on god knows what and who Made it unwatchable. It’s number on Netflix cause it’s new. Not cause it’s good
I hate everything Kenya Barris touches so I’m not surprised.
The monologues at the end were horrible and the dads turnaround was too fast. Most of the comedy landed for me though and I found it hilarious. Wish they landed the last act better but worth watching if you want a laugh
It was terrible. Everything about it. No real or logical character development. Just like 5 scenes pieces together with really long musical transitions, no flow, no chemistry between anyone, no backstory or depth, Eddie Murphy is 100% wasted, Jonah Hill playing basketball (get the fuck outta here), I can't think of anything positive. I guess the soundtrack was ok. 

A few points that stood out to me

1. Eddie Murphy was the real villain. Yet his daughter and wife never say anything to him. All JLD does is go overboard trying to include the future daughter in law, granted its clumsy and awkward, yet Jonah Hill is constantly telling her to chill out and back off. 
2. Why did Eddie Murphy become a black panther, racist piece of shit? It casually gets dropped that he wasn't always like this but no real reason is ever given
3. How the fuck do all the 30 something failures afford Gucci and Balenciaga? 
4. The end wedding scene? What the fuck? Really? Why?
5. Where the fuck was Xzibit?!?!?!?!?
i have no idea. I turned it off after 40 minutes!
I feel like this movie was actually really damaging. I could totally imagine some suburban republicans watching this and getting all riled up about how black people are also racist, etc. It was just an unrealistic portrayal of young liberals. I was completely done with this movie when the white mother in law showed up to the bachelorette party as a guest, and the black friends were IMMEDIATELY rude, and then said something like "why is this WHITE woman here?" while sneering. It was so rude and unrealistic, and seemed designed to create resentment in the white audience watching. So it was sort of a fake woke movie that actually perpetuates racial conflict, without actually saying anything. The white parents were also really over the top racist and out of touch, and the black parents were SUPER rude at a dinner party they were invited to. They never get criticized for this, and Lauren London's character is angry that her fiance would even bring it up!
Cringe worthy
Eddie Murphy and Julia Louis-Dreyfuss were very good. Jonah Hill and Lauren London had no chemistry.
Couldn’t make it all the way through, despite the superb cast.

It was teetering on the edge when Jonah Hill unilaterally decided to take his fiancé’s father (Eddie Murphy) to some kind of a black neighborhood Waffle House, without telling his fiancé. 

It went completely off the rails after that. If the lead character is that much of an idiot, I don’t really care whether the couple stays together or not.
There is no balance to provide comic relief within the story. You figure with Johan and Eddie this movie had potential to be hilarious but it seemed they were trying to go another route and came up short.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus was good. The movie sucked.

I know it’s tough to compare a rom com to a mystery/thriller but being that they are both Netflix originals and came out around the same time. Just watch “Pale Blue Eye” instead.
It was ok, not a complete failure but it thought it was waaaay better than it was.

It had funny jokes about race for sure, but as “cutting” as they may have seemed, they barely scratched the surface. 

Also, Eddie Murphy’s character was beyond one-note. Actually every character except maybe the main 2 (and that’s just barely) were one-dimensional.
Jonah Hill does his best Chet Hanks impression to a backdrop of the most by-the-numbers writing you can imagine. Reheated late night comedy tropes without the charisma. 100% vanity project.
Lauren London looks really, really gorgeous with a curvier figure.
It’s sad this is being called “the most important movie of the year” that will “start a conversation” 

I miss the days when movies weren’t constantly trying to be some cultural messenger, political agenda driven commentary, etc. 

I want my movies to be a distraction from the day to day. I want them to strike a conversation because of how great they are as movies, not for how they dove into complex cultural/political issues.
white people bad: the movie
Certain scenes looked like a forced tv sitcom. At times jonah Hill looked like he was having fun at the end party for real. But alot of forced culturally specific observations tropes played. I watched it for background noise in my office while the kids were at school
Twas funny at times but overall quite average
I (a white woman) watched it with my black boyfriend and we eye-rolled our way through the whole thing.
yall in the comments are as cringe as the movie itself lol...

It wades into identity-based dramedy and handles it in the most shallow, sophomoric, shoddily-written way possible. Might have wowed some people in 1983. but in 2023 it comes across as vapid schlop.
It's a too familiar story.  It just needed to be funny and it wasn't. Jonah Hill needs to go away.
One of the worst movies I have seen in a long time felt like movie was about white guilt.
Hollywood just needs to stop forcing these political narratives in movies (especially comedy) it’s just getting old. 
So tired of have the topic of race shoved down my throat and movies depicting white people as corny oblivious uncultured fools who can’t communicate with black people without being racist.
I want to know what hood that turtle wearing ass Eddie Murphy is from since he wants to act so gangster. I didn’t make it pst the chicken and waffles scene. We need to stop with the production and projection of keeping people out to get one another.
Controversial opinion. Comedies should be funny.
Had some funny scenes but overall not a good movie. Eddie Murphy's character was a racist prick but no one will call it that
Social satire movies are usually pretty great, but I think we in a timeline in which everyone should just chill the fuck out.
Oh that reminds me I need to finish that shitty movie
The best part of the movie was the podcast JH's character does with his friend.  I would listen to that podcast...it was Funny af
What a horribly photoshopped poster. It's 2023.
Your typical film on Netflix these days
It felt like I was watching a series of shorts. The movie was very disjointed and the cuts were awkward. I didn’t make it to the end.
Youre never gonna beat guess whos coming to dinner. The original as always the best. This tired trope of black and white folks getting married with some ridiculous family issues. And no im not belittling hostilities between families of a mix raced marriage. Im belittling the jesus come together at the end. A real situation is the one shown in the original unfortunately.
Background movie. Something you'd put on while you're cleaning or cooking. 

Inoffensive despite subject matter.
It was SO BAD and not funny AT ALL
Too bad they couldn't get Xzibit to pimp this flaming pile of dog shit.
Cringey, like it was made 30 years ago.
The only character I liked was the uncle.
Anyone else distracted by JLD's face? I had to check the cast list to confirm it was actually her.
Didn’t Bernie Mac make this remake years ago? Tired ass plot
Aside from just not being very funny, the movie tries to make it seem like interracial dating is way crazier than it is. It’s just not a very big deal these days. You People is like what an ignorant white guy who’s never dated a black woman expects it to be like.
Very unconvincing movie. Boring.
It was an obvious ripoff of Meet the Fockers, but more racist and less funny.  Eddie Murphy brought nothing to the role.  It was overly...racist..?  Not as fun as I wanted it to be.
More bullshit about race that people who go to work in the real world every day aren't concerned with.
I feel like people are in the comments criticizing the film for what seemed to be the point/premise of the film, but maybe just unhappy with the execution?
I kinda got a Santa inc vibe from it. Very "grrrr white people bad" without any real depth to it
Unwatchable racial tropes and leftist self-loathing. I don’t normally bail on films but that one is exhausting.
Get out written by Jonah Hill and made by netflix
It was a movie full of reverse racism. It was weird.
Nothing new. White people bad. Black people good. Reverse the jokes and the movie doesn’t get made.
It was not bad but felt like a story that’s been done a lot of times before
Ungood.
Not much chemistry, poor character development, attached vignettes with missing continuity, implausible Hallmark card ending. Otherwise, entertaining.
It had some funny moments but the actual story arc was tired and very poorly written. The character arcs were non existent. It felt like a ploy to be preachy while attempting to make Jonah Hill appear cute and cuddly… and also 35, apparently.

It weirdly painted the black family as arrogant, aggressive assholes and the Jewish family as well-meaning but dumb and rich, while it was also trying to say that these are harmful stereotypes.

There was never any redemption moment for either family. There were never any gratification moments where they learned the errors of their ways. They both just kind of lazily got told off at one point then three months later felt guilty enough to lazily apologize.

The apology part at the end where Eddie Murphy actually said “I don’t know what I told you to get you here, but it was a lie”. Could he just not be bothered to learn the script? Who would actually say that? 

And getting married in the shoe store at the end. What the actual f. After not seeing each other for three months and breaking off a wedding bc of crappy parents the day before? Were they running out of money to make this movie? Why was the ending so rushed and what characters in their right minds would just say “okay our parents apologized. Everything is solved.” They called off a whole ass wedding and it was def too late to get their money back. They should have gone right from that moment to couples therapy for three months.

The whole thing was just wildly unrealistic, rushed, unsatisfying, and just really bad at conveying it’s messaging in a meaningful way.
Biggest disappointment for me was the fact that Xzibit didn’t show up at the end.
Movie made me feel very old at age 38.
Funny moments but completely unnecessary especially after Guess Who
It deserved those poor reviews.
Such a shame David Duchovny had to be apart of this. Jonah hill has become such a damn puppet and weird Hollywood. But to have to rope David into this crappie movie. Shame really. He should fire whoever got him his name on this.
First half was I’d say moderately funny.  Tolerably funny.  

The real crime is that they manage to make Eddie Murphy entirely unfunny the entire movie.  I mean I get it that, one, he’s the mean dad part of the “Guess whose coming to dinner?” Movie trope and, two, he’s basically been phoning it in for most of his movies for like 20+ years now, but it still feels wrong that he is genuinely unfunny.  

It’s just a shame that he didn’t have even 1 or 2 decent bits the entire movie.

You know who was probably funniest the whole movie?  Mike Epps.  Nearly every other cast member was ultra-cringe- though David Duchovny as the Jewish dad who pretends to be weirdly obsessed with Xzibit ALMOST works as a bit.
Horrible.  Great cast.  Horrible writing.  Duchovny and Long were just not used.  Way too woke and crushed underneath it.  Kenya barris needs to be better managed somebody needs to talk to him about inclusion from all political sides.  Gave up on blackish and grownish a long time ago.  And Anthony Anderson was funny.  Just not room for centrists, conservatives, or libertarians.  Barris is all hollywood elitist progressive and doesn’t allow any other political viewpoints in, so why watch to be lectured or condescended to.  Not how I want to spend my free time after work.  First act was good then all the woke shit showed up and killed the rest of the movie.  Horrible.  Feel sorry for the cast.  Schulz was not funny at all.  Netflix needs better producers to steer these artists into a better finished product for all audiences.
Nothing more than black oppression fantasy porn
Oh Johan shill made a new movie? I wasn’t aware.
It just wasn't funny. I felt bad for the white mom. Like yes she was insensitive but she was also oblivious. Eddie Murphy was way worse in comparison and just a dick the whole movie.
Ummmm first of all, who the fuck are you calling You People???
It was the usual white liberal self loathing movie that's so popular these days.

Jonah Hill should stick to acting and not writing.
Jonah Hill has low key been type casted most of his career. This was out of his comfort zone imo
Can’t stand Jonah Hill, specially pretending to be someone’s young single son 😂
Literally, the worst movie.  Couldn’t finish it.  So much agenda pushing.  I like celebrating people’s differences but this just didn’t.
BAD MOVIE
Who would have thought that another movie based entirely on pushing an agenda would fail. Just like Bros, The Woman King (also historically inaccurate) and Lightyear among many others.
Everyone looks the same age and it frightens me.
I enjoyed it until I read this thread and realized I wasn’t supposed to.
If so many of you cringe at the incidents depicted in this movie, imagine how much people actually in these types of relationships cringe on a daily basis?! I can tell you first hand many of the comments and cringe-worthy moments depicted really do happen. Noone talks about them, and everyone just smiles and moves on. Personally i was happy to see them talked about, in hopes that folks will think about how their good-intentions dont 
negate the impact of what they do/say to others.
I just found it weird how Jonah Hills character was admonishing his mother for treating his girlfriend like a black person instead of a human but then when he takes her parents to Roscoes he does the exact same thing. Would have been much better if Ezra was more consistent. Overall I didn’t think this movie was as horrible as everyone is making it out to be. It had so much potential to be hilarious but I think they were more concerned with making their cultural/social points rather than making a genuinely funny movie. The two stars didn’t have great chemistry but I’ve seen worse. You can tell these two are actual friends irl and I think that bleeds too much into the movie. Also, I’m very confused on why they faked the ending kiss when they actually kissed when Ezra proposed. Doesn’t make any sense.
I loved it!
Never heard of it until now, but I will avoid it like the plague due to the horrible photoshop on the poster
Dogshit bomb. Is Jonah Hill done?
Damn, I saw this cast and got excited LOL…I’m sad to see it seems distasteful and not funny :(
Was boring af
Honestly just felt like racial conflict for the sake of it. Not for it
It was terrible, as is most of what Kenya Barris creates. Barris likes creating race porn. He needs therapy. 

I only watched for Eddie Murphy.
Kenya Barris is a terrible writer. I'm not wasting my time on this nonsense.
I didn't laugh much, but I got a good kick out of it, it was fun seeing boomer Democrats go at it at the dinner table. It was fun to watch how uncomfortable the hip, woke Jewish kids were because of their parents' behavior. I think the daughter had maybe 3 lines the whole movie. I loved how out of touch the entire movie was and how powerfully antisemitic it was and yet still allowed by Hollywood. The character Mo even made a suggestion that whites and blacks would never get along, never, because they'd always have the memory. I'm like, Yes! That's why no one will ultimately give a shit about blacks because they will never let you forget what happened, so why bother trying to make amends between the races? Makes no sense, right? Yet Mo keeps being friends with Jonah for some reason and Jonah must be cucked because he goes along with it, even though it's so obvious it's a white dude and a black girl doing a podcast together, working together, not allowing the past to come between them.

My wife and I had a lot of discussion of how terrible the movie was, how many cringe scenes there were, how Jewish people tend to masquerade as white people and then redirect blame onto white people. I tend to like movies that create discussion so this one wasn't half-bad as far as that is concerned, but as far as entertainment value goes? Hardly any at all.
It was more rom than com, honestly it had good potential to be a funny movie but still have a good meaning/lesson behind it, but was not executed well
They be like "not enough blacks they should all be black and poking fun of one or two white actors"
This movie was one big virtual signal. White people bad = it's a good movie, disagree and you're racist.
Murphy and Epps carried it, peal cornball woke culture. I’m really blown away that folks actually live their lives thinking about the shit this movie was portraying.
I enjoyed the movie. I don’t get why every commit is so negative.
I liked it, felt fairly real. We laughed through quite a lot of it!
I enjoyed it a lot.
This title alone is a stereotype I really was hoping Eddie 's character would be more interesting
I really liked this movie.
I think this movie was Jonah Hills attempt at having black friends tbh. 

Tbh I assume this means Jonah hill did something super racist and this is a weirdo attempt at making that go away.
Cringe funny, full of flaws but with some laughs

5/10

Jonah Hill isn't Mel Brooks and You People isn't Blazing Saddles, 
but at least someone's finally trying
It’s explicitly and unnecessary racist towards white people
Super woke and corny but I thought it was still pretty good
I found it ironic that the whole film is about race and racism but in the dinner where the parents meet scene Amira is wearing traditional Chinese clothing. Haven’t see this commented anywhere, but if you’re going to base a film on cultural conflict maybe don’t have a main character blatantly appropriating another culture in one of the main scenes!
I know a lot of people and saw a lot of people online say it was “cringy” how? I have no fucking clue. I thought this was pretty damn good
What do you mean You People?!?
You people better shut up!!
I watched it... It was poorly structured, rushed at the end. 

The family being NOI was totally unrealistic. Which made parts of the story really stupid. 

It was just bad.
1/10
Loved Jonah in it, this concept of a movie is insanely dated by 20 years, Lauren London’s character should have been played by another comedy actor, plenty of funny black comedians to choose from, Eddie and Julia oddly used.
It was ok. Worth a single watch.

If it were 15 years ago, I wouldn't be pissed I rented it. Wouldn't wanna own it though.
My favorite part was when Eddie Murphy and Mike Epps were driving in the car together and Epps asks Eddie if he remembers the “Cold Blooded” Rick James album. Eddie smirks and says no he doesn’t remember the album. Fun
Is this like a revamp of Meet the Parents but with less chemistry between the couple?
Wow that sure is a lot of famous names
I really enjoyed the movie for the storyline and topics etc. Although I love Lauren London and Jonah Hill individually, I have to agree there was ZERO chemistry between them. Other than that it was entertaining.
It’s a little too inside baseball with some of its jokes, but I honestly loved it. The last ten minutes are definitely bad, (and have the look and feel of reshoots), but I enjoyed everything else, and laughed a lot.
It gave me a few chuckles but not much. Too much about race and religion but I understand why they did it, just felt like too much. I didn’t mind the chemistry between them
I only got 30 mins in
Very hilarious film in my opinion
I saw a trailer and it looks like a shittier version of “Guess Who”
I enjoyed it immensely!
What do you mean? You people?
Seemed forced, didn’t like it.
Was funny and good but probably made in the wrong era.
Felt like there were clearly two writers writing two entirely different movies

Edited absolutely terribly (the basketball scene looked like character growth then nothing after)

The Vegas cocaine is the least realistic scene of all time. Sounds like they just forced the writing jokes they wanted without actually having any of it make sense.

Shoutout to David Duchovny tho I love him
it was cute and funny to me! i laughed all the way through it.
I gave up on it(still continued to watch and ultimately finished it) like no funny at all in less then 5mins in just cause of the editing alone. The writing was pretty terrible to me too. I didnt really care for the high and vibrant tones either. The “woke” aspect was a drag and kill for me as well. The acting felt lifeless and dry a lot of the times. Also to me there were too many well known veteran actors who are highly skilled in there Artistry but for some reason I just felt as if they were silent and none needed. Ill give it a 5.5/6 out of 10 ultimately. 

Oh almost forgot, I dont think the pedo joke about the Jewish doctor should have at all made the final cut.
Sucked
Never heard of it till now and quite frankly seems like nothing worthwhile
Some good points were made, but it relied far too much on cringe humor for me to find it enjoyable.
You can tell from the cover it's cringe, maybe it's the lighting
I would never subject myself to this
Couldn’t finish it
Meh
I actually liked it, it was funny and entertaining enough
See white people drive a car like this, and black people like this
It was boring. Too much mainstream jokes. Did not enjoy it
I watched most of it. I had to lay my baby down right around the point Mike Epps popped up and never went back to it. I’m a mid 40s white guy. I really wanted to like this movie because I like a lot of the talent involved. I’ve especially been cheering for Eddie Murphy lately. That said, I thought the movie was a mess. I thought Julia Louis-Dreyfus and David Duchovny were the only characters that really bought in completely. Their scenes were appropriately awkward and mostly difficult to watch. I thought of Bridesmaids a lot because of how cringe parts got with Julia especially. Hill was all over the place, and the fact that he was a writer on it makes it more his problem than if he was just a hired gun. It’s been pointed out how the leads had little chemistry, and I couldn’t agree more. I think that might’ve been the biggest issue. There were parts of the movie where their dynamic was portrayed realistically, but they never looked or acted *in love*. I can’t even think of a good cuddle or kissing scene at all. It was mostly them talking across from each other at a table or something. The more I think about it, the more I feel it was very poorly written. Parts of it seem like they were improvised. Hill’s relationship with his podcast partner had almost no continuity. Sometimes they’re besties, others she’s “dropping knowledge” on him. Personally, I liked the parts where they were friendlier because they had good comedic chemistry that way. I hate how in movies, some characters have drama for no good reason and I felt that with Hill and his cast partner. I never understood why she had problems with him or him dating Lauren. People just don’t act like that. There were a couple of scenes where Hill did things that were completely ridiculous and out of character for someone that’s dating a black girl and has a bestie black friend podcaster. The scene with her parents at Roscoes was stupid. Only someone clueless would think that was a good idea. Hill being Mr Cool in most other aspects of his character makes that scene a head scratcher. I think that was sort of a metaphor for the failings of the movie. It’s like they wanted you to like and empathize with all of the characters, but then laugh at them part of the time as well. Not with them but at them. There were moments where Murphy is sharp and there are moments where he’s a buffoon. Sometimes even in the same scene. Bottom line, I just felt like the tone was all over the place and they never really settled in on what they were trying to portray. Some of it was funny, but the funny parts got drowned out by the lack of focus
Wasn’t the worst. Do appreciate all the streetwear tho.
I enjoyed it enough to add it to a regular mental list of romcom esque movies to play in the background. 6.5-7/10 could’ve done a whole lot more with the idea being played with. 

If you’re gonna get “edgy” you should realize that edgy is fucking lame and go balls to the wall for it especially in this scenario.
Watching it right now and I just feel..awkward. Was going to change but wanted to see what it could be and it's nothing?
I turned it off during the podcast in the beginning
I felt like the scriptwriters had certain beats they had to hit in the script but failed to properly execute them.
It was super cringe unbelievable chemistry between costars. It was a cute idea but I had to force myself to continue watching over the span of a week to get through the entire movie.
Dying art dying industry
I didn't even know this movies plot was about a engaged interracial couple meeting each other's families for the first time.

This movies idea seems kinda outdated for 2023.

And even dumber roles for the main two actors they surrounded the marketing around.
The photoshop... it's so uncanny...
Everyone seems to hate the cringe, and it WAS cringe, but I felt like that was the goal. It made me cringe a lot. The race war was overdone and annoyed me on both sides. All of that in mind, it still made me crack up, and it made me think.      
       
I think people need to chill and maybe took the uncomfortable nature of the movie too personally.
Haven’t finished the movie but I think it’s pretty funny tbh.
It's never a good sign when even the trailer cannot show a single mildly funny moment...
dit not like it, but i like jonah hill very much so….
Should've named it You Peopleish.
Can’t believe Eddie Murphy agreed to do this. There was no chemistry between the actors. I couldn’t watch more than 35 mins
It was so bad with the main couple having no chemistry that they even had to CGI that one kiss at the final scene
It’s been done so many times before was my impression before even watching it
I wouldn’t expect much based on the cast.
I thought it had a few good laughs in it, but the movie itself was nothing to write home about really…
I found myself cringing more than laughing...
If you want a movie that actually does this premise well, watch Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner (1967)
First unfunny Eddie Murphy movie I’ve seen. Hot garbage of a movie.
It was trash from jump thru had no chemistry at all look like they made this movie in 2 days. Guess Who was funny and good but this was sum bs
Race bait garbage.
Jonah hill had funny moments. The main girl was terrible and there was zero chemistry. Sam Jay’s acting and dialogue was also uncomfortably bad. Their friendship was also insanely phony.
At the start it just seemed cheap and awkward but ended up being pretty wholesome, I enjoyed it.
Actually some brilliant laughs
I struggled through this, because i was hoping the movie was more about the podcast as the main story driver and their relationships as the afterthought. Id watch an entire movie about their podcast than this rubbish.
seems like everyone is doing a job at attacking the themes of the movie but the camera work/editing/pacing of the first twenty minutes (all i bothered watching) were horrible imo and were the main reason i switched to something else.
Kind of boring all over it was trying to not be woke, but he woke at the same time. Only two funny scenes the one with the perky doctor, and the cat ride with Eddie and Jonah. The main couple felt kind of forced
Hella shit movie
It’s absolutely terrible , it’s played out old jokes and unrealistic bullshit
Awful, Awful movie
Ass
The premise seems funny enough. Nice cast. But I can’t handle that level of cringe for an hour and twenty plus. Like how many “yeah, brother!”/“who you calling brother?” exchanges can one take
A lot to unpack
This movie is like having an abusive spouse that slaps you around all day and then right before bed says, “you know I love you, right?”
This is simple. Not good script. Actors did best they could.
I think that pretty much every one of you people have serious issues and need help...

Oh, there's a movie titled "you people"?  I don't know, I haven't seen it.
pretty terrible cringe movie with a lot of black victim hood nonsense it's hard to get into any movie when you have to constantly have to hear about how hard it is to be black...it's hard to be human we all have difficulty
E for effort
...
Generic racially fueled humor. A cast who are well past their prime. Comedic timing off, lacking any chemistry. Seen worse though… 2/5
Great movie. Doing well.
Tried watching it yesterday managed like 20min
I was embarrassed for the cast just watching the cringe worthy trailer.
No one wants to see more content meant to keep everyone divided.
It started out okay and went downhill from there.  Great cast, not a bad premise, but just progressively worse execution as it went on.  

The ending, >!the two most ignorant parents planning a surprise wedding that the couple immediately agreed to!< was cringey as hell.
I was expecting it to be funny like Guess Who, it had its moments but it was just missing something. Mostly chemistry between Lauren London and Jonah hill. 
And with the almost constant mentioning of Nike dunks it kinda felt like watching a long commercial.
Let's just throw every stereotype and crude racial joke into a script and see if it works. It didn't. And I'm one who finds that type of humor hilarious when done right (Chappelle show, Tropic thunder).
It was so over the top it was just uncomfortable and not funny. Maybe that was the point, though?

Not what I expected seeing Jonah hill Eddie Murphy.
Rich people talking about problems neither one have had to deal with.

Forced and not funny.
Worse than most romcoms out there. The writing was incredibly preachy and as others have pointed out on this thread, super problematic. There was zero chemistry between the two leads and the arguments for both didn’t feel like they held up next to each other. It’s completely valid for London’s character to feel like a prop to Jonah Hill’s mother and feel uncomfortable about it but it does not stack up to the fact that her father, Murphy, was literally trying to sabotage their relationship and tear them apart. Like at least the mom wanted her to be in their life. Only good part was the fact that Julia Louis-Dreyfus is one of the best comedic actors ever and is always good, even when all of her lines are the most unfunny/cringe things anyone has ever tried to sell. Also it was pointed out by some, but Eddie Murphy so clearly does not want to be in this movie. Very rough watch and I’m giving this a low 2/10.
Yawn.. looks like a dumpster fire straight up
Turned it off within the first 15 minutes. Couldn’t get into Jonah’s character. He seems way too old now to play the same character he did in Get Him to the Greek or Super Bad. The editing and transitions were jarring and the writing was taken from of a Twitter AI bot. I hope some people find it enjoyable.
Turned it off after about 6 minutes.
imo the best teen movie of all time

It definitely captures the way teens talk in a way a lot of other movies fail at
There is something so uniquely correct about how this movie captured the dialogue and social norms of that particular era
This came out when I was a junior in high school and it really captured the essence of being a teen in the pre-smartphone era. It’ll always be in my top 5 favorite movies for nostalgic reasons.
Fuck me, right?
Superbad and Mean Girls captured teen life like nothing else ever has
"You only have one name! Who are you? Seal?!"
Most definitely one of the funniest movies I have ever seen really captures what it was like to be a teen in that time period
I know that Fagel! I KNOW THAT!
"I mean, just imagine if girls weren't weirded out by our boners and stuff and just wanted to see them... That's the world I one day want to live in."
So, are you guys on MySpace…?
Remember being 18 and seeing this when it first came out in 07. Theater was completely packed and the audience was cracking up the whole time.. has to be my all time favorite movie experience. I agree its the best teen movie, funny and it resonated with 2000s teens like me.
I still remember the interview with Cera where he talks about how other teen films get it wrong and one line he said: like as a teen I never felt compelled to fuck a apple pie 🤣

Grant it American Pie at the time was hilarious as fuck but Superbad is the realistic teen film as American Pie is just the slap stick comedy with no real basis of teenage culture
I watched this last night with my brother and we were howling even after watching it many times. The jokes are so well written. Fucking classic
Funniest movie I've ever seen to this day.  I laughed the entire time and was nearly in tears over the coke scene when they make him sing.  This flick is non stop jokes.
I was reading Judd Apatow’s book and there’s an interview with Seth Rogan saying during Freaks and Geeks he would be hiding in his trailer and tell people he was doing schoolwork, but really he was writing Superbad. He dropped out of school and got his GED.
"Funny thing about my back, Jules, is it's located on ma cock"
“You don’t want girls to think you suck dick at fuckin pussy.”
Dazed and Confused has entered the chat
“Read a book for once!”
Still absolutely fucking hilarious.
It’s the last two weeks… fuck it
I gotta catch a glimpse of these warlocks
 It’s merlot
Definitely
Plus, the first appearance of the Lady, Miss Emma Stone, so a holy relic of a film🙏😇
How the hell has American Pie not been mentioned yet ? Superbad still worthy of #1 imo.
McLovin stole the movie.
One of the last movies I saw that I legitimately couldn’t stop laughing when I saw it in the movie theatre the first time.
I was in my 20s when this came out but 100% still relatable. I actually watched this the other day! Still a good time.
Yeah this is legendary. This came out my senior year of high school. It was a great time for comedy movies.
“And my first wife… who is a whore, by the way…”
Why the fuck did "These Eyes" just come on the jukebox when I scrolled to this post? I ain't mad at it one bit.
I think this movie is the quintessential millennial movie
Watched this on acid back when it came out, I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my entire life.
I still think Edge of Seventeen and Booksmart were better.
I don't know, the inbetweeners (the uk version, not the shitty us version) is pretty accurate too
Take the vest off, you look like Aladdin
Seth Rogen was 24 when this movie was filmed.  He could’ve easily passed for 45 in that cop uniform
Eurotrip is up there’s too
Is it the only one you’ve seen?
Ferris Bueller would like a word after his Breakfast Club.
John Hughes and Richard Linklater are rolling in their graves. Amy Heckerling too.
ITT: No, MY generation’s teen movie is the best teen movie of all time.
It's great but Can't Hardly Wait holds that title for me.
Lots of people hate Seth Rogen but you can’t lie.. he makes good movies
People don't forget
Fast Times At Ridgemont High, Sixteen Candles, Breakfast Club, Weird Science, Can’t Hardly Wait,
Nope
Then you haven't seen Sex Drive Unrated
My wife and I just tried to watch it and, tbh, it didn't hold up for us. Michael Cera and Jonah Hill are fantastic actors, but they were so stilted in this flick. Like, every line felt so awkwardly delivered. Compared to, say, 40 year old virgin, this one felt like a miss. Maybe it's because we are older now and didn't really relate. 

On the topic of teen movies, however, we did just watch Clueless, which was way better than I expected it to be.
I tried watching this. I get 2nd hand embarrassment. I couldn’t finish it lmao
Eurotrip was better.
Hi. Richard Linklater called. He’s wondering if you’ve ever watched one of his masterpieces “Dazed and Confused”.
Ferris Bueller's day off KILLS this movie and I love Super Bad but NAH.
No, it is not
You misspelled Risky Business.
Honestly, never got the strong appeal of this movie. It is just another teen film for me.
Superbad

Good Boys 

Old school 

The home trinity of hilarious movies
Absolutely 💯
"PANANMAAAA"
One of my favorite teen movies lol hilarious
Yes.
Definitely the best teen coming of age / party comedy film
At least of this century
As much as I love Superbad, I think KIDS is the best "teen movie"
I agree
Yeah
Special shout out to Animal House (even though they were college kids) for starting it all.
But have you seen all teen movies of all time, at the time they originally came out?
Took my grandparents to see it... whoops
Yes
Check out Booksmart. It's another really fun teen movie.
Yes is the only acceptable answer. I feel like this movie was specifically engineered to release all of my dopamine.
in terms of comedy absolutely, perks of being a wallflower otherwise would be my pick i watched it a few months ago at my girlfriends request and it is truly one of a handful of movies that has brought me to tears
Ferris Bueller's Day Off has entered the chat....
Kids has enter the chat.....
it certainly is a contender. nearly died laughing at this one.
I think its Project X for me, but this is a top tier one fosho
Porky's and Revenge of the Nerds are the best teen movies of all time for the boomers!
Throwing this out there “The Breakfast Club”
Not even close. Dazed and Confused will forever hold the title.
Fucking love this movie.
That kids a freak! He’s the fastest kid alive!
So you just haven’t watched Can’t Hardly Wait yet?
Respectfully disagree
I personally will thrown in the og House Party not the absolute trash remake they just did.
This and Eurotrip for me.
Scotty doesn’t know…
Two weeks left, fuck it!
Prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law!
Sadly loses steam around the half way point..
They just wanted to make a funny movie but made one of the funniest movies of all time.
watched this movie everyday in middle school when it came out! definitely what we at this age was all about lol
You must be around my age. Funniest movie of its time
just watched this today for the first time in forever. such a good movie!
Knock kneed af
The Girl Next Door over SuperBad IMO
Obvs I'm older than most people here because my answer is easily Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Besides the incredibly offensive jokes it still holds up well, and McLovin can never be topped.
“Seth, you’re getting that!”

“No I’m not!”
This came out my freshman year of college. Absolutely perfect timing for me, loved it.
Honestly, Booksmart is a better version of the same movie.

And I love Superbad.

It's INSANE that no one has mentioned Booksmart yet.

I feel like no one saw Booksmart because of the title or because it stars girls instead of guys, but HOLY SHIT that movie is fucking great.
This was my breakfast club no doubt
Agreed
That’s not the poster for Can’t Hardly Wait
Awesome.movie, it also has not aged like milk like Porkie's Revenge of the Nerds, 16 Candles, or American Pie.
Agreed. Hands down.
It was very good.
So I really didn't get this movie when it came out because I was 12 and we felt like little bad asses cause it was rated R and my friends mom didn't notice.  I watched it years later and oh boy do I love this movie.  I agree 💯 with OP
Not Another Teen Movie has something to say to that
I would say the breakfast club is the greatest teen movie of all time
They shoulda made a sequel with them in college...😔
–Enjoy your remaining years.  

–I will. Enjoy fucking Jules.
It’s hilarious but I think it’s also narrow in it’s range. I would call it the standout of its time.
I just rewatched this! Holds up as fuck
my vote is for KiDS
Ummm Breakfast Club would like a word.
Daze n confused
The last great comedy made before people got offended by everything
This movie is just an absolute classic. From day one
Agreed. I was just thinking how iconic this movie was today.
fast times at ridgemont high is a movie we can all relate too
I heard she got breast reduction surgery.

“What? That’s like slapping God across the face for giving you a beautiful gift.
Love Superbad. My teen genre faves are probably Fast Times, Risky Business, Clueless, Ghost World and Super Bad.
That’s definitely another opinion
Fast times and breakfast club are both miles better
Class of Nukem High, Toxic Avenger
What, am I supposed to just eat dessert alone, like I’m fuckin’ Steven Glansberg?
I was in high school during Project X so I’m gonna go with that as my favorite
Still like it, didn't hold up to a recent rewatch.
All time fav
Yeah
Every generation has their classic teen comedy whether it’s Ridgemont High or Weird Science, American Pie🤷🏼‍♂️
Great movie but Booksmart did it better.
Yes, just watched last night. Timeless.
Clueless, 10 things I hate about you, ferris, valley girl
There’s two weeks left of school, they should be suckin on my ballsack
Um, Monster Squad
I literally quoted it today when bill hader and seth rogen are doing the height measurement scene in the alcohol store to the cashier lmao honestly [its my favorite scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntTO7HKv4JE)
It’s pretty fucking funny.
I tried to watch this movie as a teen and dropped it halfway. All I remember is an endless stream of swearing. It was very distracting.
Almost every single line is hilarious from start to finish
💯 this is a movie I can never get bored of
Period blood girl
“You sing, and you sing good.”
I've scrolled way too far to not see The Goonies and The Breakfast Club.
Most definitely
“Chika, Chika, yeah, fake ID, fake ID, how tight”
Not better than Ferris Bueller.
Hey that guy has a falcon
This movie taught a generation of young men that it's ok to tell your friends that you love them.
If this is still a universe where Ferris Bueller’s Day Off still exists, then your title is objectively wrong. Now get off my law and pull your pants up!
Babies!
I’m gonna go with American pie over Superbad. But Superbad was fucking legendary.
“Muhammad is the most common name on Earth, read a book for once!”
Fast Times at Ridgemont High might disagree
This and Can't Hardly Wait for me.
This was the best era of comedy imo
Gangstas, what's up guys?
when you watched this in theaters it was so incredibly funny that you only heard like 40% of the jokes from everyone laughing so hard the entire time.
This is heavily dependent on how old you are.  If you're a 2000's kid, then yeah, probably.  70's or 80's?  No way.
Absolute trash
Don't downvote the he'll out of me........honestly IMO one of the most overrated comedy movies ever. I felt like when it came out everyone thought it was funny because everyone said it was funny because somebody told everybody it was funny.
I saw it in theaters high as a kite. Man do I wish I can relive this movie for the first time high AF. It was hilarious!
"College" with Drake Bell has entered the chat.
Project X has entered the chat...
Project x is also just as good
The only movie I've ever walked out of.
Just because it was the first teen movie you've seen doesn't make it the best.
Porkys..... best teen movie period.
Laughed my ass off the first time I saw it.  If I watched it now I would think that it's just ok
Said no one who's seen Idle Hands
Not Another Teen Movie?
I disagree, there's gotta be more or better.

Project x, not another teenage movie, American pies etc ..

Early 2000's highschool movies are equally the bomb.
You clearly havent seen American Pie
Not even close.  The breakfast club, imo.
Im sure it’s been talked about a bunch here. I just saw it for the first time yesterday. It might be the best horror movie I’ve ever watched. I never want to see it again.

Movie was bananas
I don’t think anybody portrays grief as visceral as Ari does. Absolutely love his vision of horror
Context: I lost my younger brother a few years ago, so the scene >!immediately following Charlie’s very…very violent and sudden death!< really hit hard for me. When >!Annie finds out her child is dead!< I remember being in the room with my dad when he found out. The moment was not dissimilar. I had to stop the movie and walk away for a good hour or so. It was a lot. The following scene >!as they lower the casket into the ground!< just brought back some pretty tough memories of seeing my brother in front of me for the very last time. This movie was masterfully made, with such care and precision and, like I said, might be the greatest horror movie I’ve ever seen. And I don’t think I can sit through it again.
This was gooooooood, that corner shot😳👀👏🏾
Just watched it for the first time a month ago. Honestly the mom and the son’s acting performances were both unreal, especially right after (you know what) happens at the end of the first act. Colette’s crying/screaming is horrifyingly real. The son’s utter shock right after it happens… crazy accurate. The horror was the kind that sticks in your mind for a long time afterward. It was terrifying. Can’t wait for Beau Is Afraid, Ari Aster is one of the best horror directors working and will probly go down as one of the best of all time. This is a top tier all time horror film for me and yes arguably the best
Got to work on this film on the post production side and do their VFX work and gotta say I, and everyone in our studio, was shocked that this was a good movie. 

We took the work as a stopgap project, basically we were waiting for one film to startup that was delayed so we grabbed this one to keep the lights on. 

Reason we had the job in the first place was because the VFX house who originally did the work essentially ruined the job. Like room level bad VFX work. 

So the film plates come in and it looks hilariously bad. We all thought it wouldn’t even be straight to DVD but just never see the light of day and that clearly Toni Collette and Gabriel Byrne were doing this as a favor or because of blackmail. But you need to understand that the way we work, we don’t get to see the entirety of the film, just random sequences so there’s zero context to the larger film in regards to pacing or development. 

Plus we got the film, before our effects were added, which was just a horrible way to see a horror movie. Favorite example was the shot in the film where the little girl wakes up in class because a bird flies into the widow started out as a stuffed animal being shot at the window through a potato cannon in order to inform the performance. We then erased the stuffed animal with a cg bird and no one is aware. 

So things like that added to the hilarity of it all and by the time we were done we all were sure it would flop. 

Then it goes to festivals and all of a sudden we hear about how amazing it is. 

To this day it’s one of the films that people know best when I run off the list of movies I’ve worked on and frankly it was the one I had no faith in and surprised me the most.
When I think of this movie the word that comes to mind is “upsetting”. I’ve never seen anything else like it.
There's a couple unintentionally funny moments for me.
This was great. I feel the same about VVitch loved it but cant watch it again!
I love the soundtrack. The song at the end is so hauntingly beautiful, like something triumphed, but it wasn’t supposed to
Oh man I just watched this movie for the first time just the other day and I'm disappointed it took me so long to watch it!  It's so amazing and freaky!
 I wish I could Un-watch it.
Fantastic horror film. One I will gladly rewatch. Midsommar on the other hand....
Meh
This movie I think has always been a good discussion film for me. I find that people loved it and were terrified, or hated it and thought it was just meh.
I personally am in the second camp. I thought this movie was absolutely boring. It has the decapitation shock factor scene, but I really don’t get all the hype. I hated it.
Agree. One of my favorites. I love it when I feel real emotions from a “hard” horror movie. That scene still sticks with me.
It’s by far my favorite horror movie, I can’t wait for Beau is Afraid.
I never want to see it again either. Sometimes great horror movies work too well.
I watched it in theater. I never talk during the movie but this movie got me tripping. I was screaming at unexpected events and left the theater with loud: “what the fuck did I just watched?! This is a weird ass movie!” I loved it because it really scared me (not jump scare bull shit) but at the same time I didn’t really understand the the ending until after sometime of reflecting on it.
Google the easter eggs, there’s A LOT going on.
Movies don’t scare me but this one was really upsetting and fantastic. The storytelling was top notch and the visuals were nightmarish.
Yep. I’ll always remember that telephone pole.
I have nothing to add except to say that I tell people the same exact thing when I suggest Hereditary - “it’s my favorite movie and I’ll never watch it again.”
I watched it recently after reading about it for years. 

 Damn!  Not for the light hearted.
The car scene with the little girl was fucking rough. Toni Collette’s response to that alone should have got her nominated for an Oscar.
You say you never want to watch it again. But then you do. Then you start tying in all the foreshadowing/hidden/low key shit that ties certain scenes together. Favorite horror film as well but I’ve watched it over a dozen times
***tongue click***
I don’t understand it. Hereditary might be one of my least favorite horror movies ever. To each their own though!
It was horrible! The death was so contrived. I’ve had this argument with so many ppl unwilling to listen to reason.
Guess I really am the only one that didn't like this movie. Crazy bored until the end, and that payoff wasn't really worth it. The "twist" with the book and the dad was visible from a light-year away too.
It was okay, but it really didn't live up to the hype for me, a particular scene near the end kinda ruined the buildup. Then I just thought it was kinda dumb.
the guy is making beau is afraid.
looks intriguing
One of the best!!
Do it. I think I’ve seen it 5 or 6 times.
I love love love this movie. There have been three movies in my life that I always remember feeling something in my stomach. The first was Signs. The second was Cloverfield. And the third is Hereditary. It hits all of the points a great horror movie needs to hit. The imagery, the tone, the pacing, and the payout. Hands down one of my top 5 movies of all times.
That first shocking scene just stuns you, and the slow steady build of dread of what's going to happen is fantastic. I knew a little of what it was about going in but still completely shocked me. Great horror movie and yh might be the best
Agreed. I’ve seen this movie once when it came out. The other day I decided to watch it and got only 30 minutes in before I turned it off.
Can anyone tell me if this movie is gory?  Or just suspenseful?
Same!  I actually saw this AFTER I saw Midsommar.  I didn’t like Midsommar, but this scared me so much.
This movie disturbed me so much that at one point I had pause it and just collect myself.

It is one of the best movies I’ve seen and I will never watch it again.
Saw it the other day and I haven’t been creeped out like that in so long. Such a good movie but don’t plan on watching it alone for some time.
Lol I totally agree. It's my favorite, but it's really hard to watch, it's a total experience.
Agreed, the most impressive horror movie for me
My son made me watch it last Monday. It was my daughter’s birthday, and she got so scared and wanted to watch something else so I haven’t finished it. My son left the country yesterday for 5 months so I doubt after seeing the sister’s demise, I will watch the rest alone. (Spouse not into that, other daughter not supportive in my moments of terror. Lol) The bird was great foreshadowing.
Hereditary, Midsommar, and The VVitch are my favorite movies to fold laundry to. They are so beloved, they have become my comfort movies.
This is definitely in my top 5 horror films ever, might even be number 1. So many fucked up parts of that movie. It's a great movie, but I wouldn't recommend it to the easily disturbed. Some very dark subject matter and disturbing imagery. Very haunting.
I rewatch this movie only when I tell someone “WAIT YOU HAVNT SEEN HEREDITARY?”
I watched Hereditary and didn't think it was as good as so many people have been saying. Don't get me wrong, it was definitely the scariest horror movie I've ever seen, and there were a lot of scenes that were well written and portrayed to be horrifyingly realistic. >!The scene where the camera focuses on the son's face as you hear the mom's scream when she finds the body is very well written and heartbreaking scene that I never want to watch ever again. So I think it did it's job.!< But I felt the movie's main plot, >!the weird demon summoning cult!<, was poorly integrated and makes very little sense when thinking back on it. 

Many of the events of the story and aspects of the characters are muddled because of the convoluted story. >!The daughter cut the head off that bird because she was part of the demon plan, but the demon needed to possess a boy so it couldn't have been possessing her at the time. So why did she do that? Later, she made a drawing of the bird head wearing a crown; the crown that would later be worn by her brother in the final scene when he got possessed. How was the bird head drawing relevant? Her brother didn't have his head removed when he wore the crown so it's not exactly foreshadowing that scene. Maybe the bird possessed by the demon? But the plot of the movie was that the demon needed to possess a boy... do birds count? Did the cult do that whole ritual (with completely necessary nudity) for the demon to possess the bird? That just seems like a waste of the cult's time... and a waste of the demon's time.!< Those scenes don't seem to have much meaning to the plot or character and appear to simply provide a random creepy moment. 

>!Also her brother accidentally kills her in an event seemingly unrelated to the supernatural storyline yet incredibly necessary to the cult's plan. How conveniently contrived! The cult needed her dead in order to have the boy be the one in line to be possessed and he just so happened to cause it. What was the cult's plan if this unlikely event never happened?!< 

>!And what exactly was going on during the scenes of the haunting? Was it the sister's ghost haunting her brother as revenge? Or was there no ghost and it was just the demon trying to use the boy's guilt to wear him down emotionally in order to possess him? Or was it both the ghost and the demon were taking turns haunting him? Which supernatural events were caused by which entity? The girl's ghost seemed to want to harm her brother, but the demon needed to possess him so it seems like the two entities have diametrically opposed desires. If the ghost of his sister was haunting him, why didn't the demon or the cult try to stop her from hurting the demon's future host body?!< Were all those scary scenes just there to make the movie more frightening, without much thought put into how they actually relate to the plot? I think it's that one. 

This is more a general problem with modern horror movies but I hate the way they overuse the creepy soundtrack. Every single scene of Hereditary had unrelenting unsettling music, regardless of the actual content of the scene. It just feels very cheap when you're watching a character walking down a school hallway during what has so far been an uneventful day and the soundtrack is shouting at you "don't forget that you're watching a horror movie!" High pitched strings with a blaring drumbeat certainly do feel unsettling but I would like just a little variety for even a single scene is it's not too much trouble. 

Ultimately, Hereditary is a horrifying, uncomfortable, unsettling, and emotionally taxing experience. Which makes it a great horror movie! Every cast member delivers an incredible performance and the cinematography is breathtaking. But the problem lies in the gestalt; while the individual scenes are definitely well written, the overall plot is convoluted and poorly conveyed. Great if you want a terrifying movie experience, but not so great if you want a flawlessly constructed story.
Agreed. I keep asking people to watch it with me again and they won’t :). It’s the scariest movie I’ve seen since the exorcist.  I watched the shining by myself last Halloween while I was decorating my yard for a party. I was outside during the day and damned if it didn’t scare me.  I’ve seen it a bunch of times. Another classic.
I highly recommend this the vvitch too. It’s the best period piece I’ve ever seen disguised as a horror. And bone tomahawk is just the opposite. Great horror movie disguised as a period piece.
Hot take, but I thought it was overrated, and felt like the abstractness ruined the viewer experience.  It was too all over the place to be scary…
I feel like the second watch is good bc you noticed all the background horror
I find that people who dislike this movie are the same people who don’t hear a voice inner monologue in their brain when they think. Not sure why that’s connected.
Tee hee all I have to do is mimic Toni Colette’s low creepy voice and my wife freaks out this movie was a really good one. Scary, and if your messed up in the head like I am it was a hoot!
I was watching this for the first time the other night in my truck.  I have a lot of downtime at work and work nights.

>!When he woke up and she was on the damn wall i had to cover that part of my phone because I was soooo creeped out.!<

So kids, don't watch this movie alone in your car(with car speakers) in the middle of the night unless you really want the full horror experience...lol

Loved it.
Snoozefest, couldn't wait for it to be over
Hereditary is a great horror film because it is rooted in the actual horror of real life, losing a loved one, disappointing your parents, being unable to cope with grief, stress, school, work, marriage.  All of these things are hitting the audience and turning the emotional investment in the film up to 11 before the supernatural plot really kicks in.  Then you realize it's been there, under the surface, since the beginning.  Wrap things up with what happens to any "protagonist" you choose to identify with: bad choices lead to horrific consequences all around.  It leaves you unsettled long after the film is over.
Great take on it op. This is the reason I visit the horror world every so often. What a terrifying movie, what a great movie. I remember critics comparing it to Quite Place, part one. Asking which one is scarier. Absolute no  comparison. Hereditary beats it by a long shot in more ways than one. I may be so bold as to say Hereditary is the best scary movie I’ve seen in the last 20 years.
Just turned this movie on bc I haven’t seen it and I love Toni Collette. What am I watching? Come get me I’m scared
The sound of the piano wire …
I stay away from anything Ari Aster. And pretty much anything A24. I did watch Everything Everywhere All At Once…but that’s a different kind of film . I don’t like “neo horror”.  I like horror films but I’m
More on the Blumhouse side of horror than A24. For me it has to do with having fun with a horror film and not feeling like my mind has been been dragged through glass after it’s over.
I think Toni Colette should have been nominated for an Oscar for her absolutely bonkers physical & emotional commitment to her role in Hereditary.
Nowgo watch midsommer. I'll wait here.

Edit: spelling
Now go watch Possession from, I think, 1981.
I found this to be cliche and boring. I am shocked by the love this movie got.
It had me terrified until the completely nonsensical ending
The only compelling thing about this movie was when the girl got her head knocked off.

The rest of the films went totally off the rails and had a bullshit cobbled together ending that proved how poorly written the story was for this film. Very little world building and the ending itself was just...rushed and anticlimactic
Im always surprised with the heaps of praise thrown on this movie. Your personal experience with some of the subject matter i can understand.

To me its an average horror movie that turned down right funny by the end. There was nothing new offered. Not much in the form of jump scares or anything to get my heart rate up. "The cult" big bad has been done over and over. There's one scene that caught me off guard and i loved that i dont think i need to mention and everybody will still know what im talking about. The acting was good. Just overall an average horror film. 6.5/10.
Not to diminish OPs experience but I thought this movie was so stupid. The whole alien cult thing at the end was absolutely just the most bs ending ever and had a horrible plot imo. Super boring unscary movie but it's been years since I saw it
This movie was so fucking boring the first time I watched. I laughed quite a lot. Maybe I should try it again lol
This is such a painfully pretentious movie with Toni Collette screaming and shrieking every minute there was no range in emotion whatsoever. No likable character and ridiculous plot, starting with expecting a high schooler to take young sister to high school party. You have poor taste in films
I really dont get the hype around this and midsommar, smh. Can somebody elaborate?
I've watched this movie twice trying to figure out why so many people are creeped out or scared by it, because this movie had neither of those effects on me.  I actually found it slow the first time and nearly fell asleep watching it the second time.  I'm not psychotic or anything like that, I just don't find many things scary, frightening, eerie, or repulsive.
movie was lame
Film had a lot of excellent moments.  The first act is amazing and the fallout from it is emotionally brutal.  Toni Collette acting out her sustained grief and exhaustion is captivating.  Some of the dream sequences were freaky and haunting.  That said, I was surprised a movie with such an original first half has the flaw of some very cliched plot developments later on with >!grieving characters resorting to seances, giving into cult manipulation, and getting sacrificed to appease an evil god!<.
I thought this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am always puzzled when people say that they liked it. We wanted to stop watching it 3/4 of the way in but were so fascinated by how much stupider it would get, we watched to the end.
Whole movie fell completely apart in the 2nd half
I just watched this last night. SPOILER. 

I didn’t leave thinking it was a good film. Thought it strange how Toni collete’s character very suddenly  is able to intuit and sense what is going on, despite being clueless up until the seance. All at once she goes back and reads books giving her clues and gains an understanding that of what she has to do with Charlie’s book etc. 

I am aware it’s a horror movie but it just had some really shitty exposition IMO.
I saw it in theaters and was immensely unimpressed
Hated it. Thought was slow, boring and one of the worst endings ever. I def never want to see it again, waste of time the first time.
I never want to see it again, but for a very different reason. :/
Overrated shock porn with kiddie occultism sprinkled in.
I thought Toni Collette overacted a LOT in this, but I thought it was better than average. 3/5 stars. Just my opinion.
I thought this film was shocking and kind interestingly. That being said, I never understood the ending. Like, was the kid a demon king reincarnate or something? I just didn’t get it. I felt the same way about Midsomar.
Oddly, I did not care for it, but at some point I do want to see it again.
It's astounding, and it can't really be undersold that its Aster's theatrical debut.
yeah I really lost my head when I watched it
this movie fucked me up for days.
The images haunted me for days after watching it. People either love it or hate it. It’s not a slasher movie. I hate slasher movies
This movie and Smile are the two best horror movies I’ve seen in the last decade. Toni Collette’s performance still gives me chills
I tried to watch it a second time but stopped right at the party scene when sis was eating the cake.
I wouldn’t call it scary but lots of disturbing imagery
Just read the plot on wikipedia and Jesus christ...
You will want to see it again at some point. The layers in the w acting and the story are more beautiful the second time. I agree w you best horror movie ever btw.
A vary good horror movie till the last ten min when it turns into silly crap.
I always have to mentally and emotionally prepare myself every time I watch this .  So many awesome little details too
Fantastic movie, definitely never want to watch it again.

My favorite thing about it is that it's unpredictable. I had no idea what was going to happen next throughout the entire movie, and it was a nice change of pace from most horror movies.
I'm very sorry for your loss.   I've watched horror movies all my life (mainly due to my older sister being a huge fan of the genre and us growing up watching together) and I must say that this is one makes my Top 3 list.
Just rewatched two nights ago…it’s freaking fantastic
its def a classic from  the last decade...this movie took a lot of out of me , I was depressed and disturbed
Trippy as fuck
The only movie that gave me nightmares as an adult. Prior to this it was just nightmares as a kid from Freddy, Jason, and the Exorcist. This damn movie had me wake up multiple times and tossing and turning most of the night.
yo when that girl dies - hooo! Damn near shit myself
I didn’t find the movie scary, but I found it to be an emotionally exhausting experience, and a very impressive first outing. It’s hard for me to watch it a second time. The direction it goes in, while satisfying and unexpected, is heart-wrenching.
It's a pretty great movie, but I think the love for it is a little overblown. It's definitely better than Midsommar, that's for sure.
“Tongue click”
This movie really made me think. I watched it for the first time a week ago and it just had me saying “what the fuck” the entire time. It was incredible how everything was laid out for you but you couldn’t see it all together until the end. Great flick!
This film is absolutely bonkers and anyone who says they will forget That Scene is flat out lying.
That was the exact same reaction I had!
I like to call it the best first half of a horror movie combined with the worst second half of a horror movie
Creepiest movie I have ever seen apart from Midsommar from the same director, absolute recommend.
You will eventually ;)
This movie was fucking awful. The first horror movie I’ve been too where people walked out. OP has only seen one horror movie and it’s this one
Last 20 mins of this movie is batshit and I love it so much. Such a great horror movie. I know a lot of people hate on this movie,but my first watching left me wanting to know so much more about it
I’ve been wanting to watch this for a while, need to check it out
This and Midsommar are the two most disturbing films I’ve ever seen. I enjoyed them both, and I also never want to see either one again.
I forgot about that 1. 

Time to fire it up
The ceiling scene is where I completely broke and I thought the beginning was where I lost it.
Realy
I wish I liked it. I laughed so hard with the car scene, I couldn't take the rest of it seriously. It had potential but fell short for me, it was pretty boring and not very original.
Just turned it on via hbo max... wish me luck!! Lol (watching solo since my hubs hates horror films)
I don't understand why this is so popular. I thought it was only, ok. What made it so good?
Couldn’t finish this movie not bad it’s very good but was too disturbing for me personally!
Great movie
Now watch Midsommar!
on the list!
This movie scared the shit out of me
My face horror movie. It's in a league of it's own
Truly scary
Yes for me it is the best horror movie to date. I thought it was beautiful executed. The ending was a bit of a let down but it didn’t matter because the acting was stellar. The directing was stellar. The score was stellar. Just an all rounder with just enough jump scare spoopyiness for me. I can’t wait for my step kids to get old enough to watch it so I can walk around in the dark clicking my tongue lol
Best scary movie ever made hands down
It’s the absolute best!
INSTANT CLASSIC
My favorite horror movie as well. The acting was amazing. The pain you felt when the daughter died to the fear the son had being chased by the mother to everything else. I never thought a contemporary movie would be my favorite.  But it EASILY is one of the best horror movies made in the last few decades IMO.
One of the most intensely scary movies I've ever seen.
Toni Collette killed it.
Saw it a month ago for the first time and am still thinking about it.
Can anyone tell me why they loved this movie so much or found it so scary? 

I was so massively underwhelmed by this movie having watched it after seeing all the rave reviews.

Nothing really compelling or unique to me in any of the scary sequences, all felt pretty horror movie trope "possessed person moves in creepy ways and cam climb walls"

And the ending/payoff was just dumb to me. Maybe just not my cup of tea?

It didn't feel poorly done... just boring and not for me maybe?
Yeah I had the same reaction. It was incredible and the most feel bad horror. Toni Collette is at her career best in this film and that's saying something. I also loved the performance by the actor who plays her son
So many harsh moments
My wife ran out of the theater when he slammed his face on the desk!
Such a good film. Visuals stick with you when you close your eyes.
No other movie has fucked me up emotionally as much as this movie. The scene where she finds her daughter in the car was done perfectly realistically
Definition of a modern classic.
I can’t stop watching it. It’s mostly her performance, but also the terrific dialogue and the apocalyptic shift in the last 10 minutes. It also makes me feel so much better about my life.
It was pretty damn good. And I’m such a horror movie snob.
Truly, an unsettling but quite entertaining horror flick. It's one of a kind. 😀👌
This movie honestly made me re-evaluate the concept of “horror” in movies, made me gain an appreciation for movie production, and wanted me to try rewatching more movies.

It’s not a perfect film, but has enough ground to solidify it as a decade’s classic among a number of genres.
Damn RIGHT....!!! 

(....and *Hail, King Paiman* )
Saw it in the theatres and I was depressed for a month after
I just watched this movie for the first time today, interestingly. I liked a lot about it and thought it was really well acted. But, I must be dense, I didn’t really “get it.”  How did the friend factor in?
Excellent movie. Very uncomfortable throughout
I stare at my cable saw all the time with morbid fascination now.
Meh. It really didn’t do much for me. It was odd and that was about it. Me and my friends watched it after it came out and none of us liked it. The part where the main lady swam through the air was funny tho.
You came for spooky ghosts and were given a cinematic rendition of the summoning of a demonic king from the Ars Goetia and healthy dose of grief induced family trauma.
If you liked Hereditary then you’ll love Midsommar, I’m a horror lover and these are two of the best mainstream horror movies I’ve seen in the last decade.
Toni Colette couldn’t sleep for a few weeks after the shooting of this movie. You can see how much toll it took on her mental state to portray this movie so deeply.
Looking forward to the movie 👌
Seriously the most overrated horror movie. The Witch is way better.
Modern horror masterpiece imo.
Hands down favorite horror movie of all time for me. Saw it in theaters twice. I think one of the coolest parts about the movie is the lore that goes into, and the hidden signs about what’s going on throughout. You have to see it twice
I watched this again recently and found a new appreciation for it. I had watched it several times before, I just couldn't keep interest. I'm one of those people, lol. HUGELY picky about horror and psychological as I'm a nerd for that entire scene. But I digress. This last time I feel I finally got the message and intended feel of it. It's really a masterful film. It reminds me of a modern day Shining. It's that good at what it does.
I loved it. I found it to be fascinating and creepy, but I never really got that scary feeling from it.

I'm curious, have you ever seen Lights Out? It's a little more sci-fi than mystical, but it gave me chills like no other movie has before.
It was very good, I like Toni Collette-she's a good actress.
Do not watch this movie if you recently lost a loved one unless you are prepared to feel that loss all over again.
Everyone I’ve tried to get to watch this movie has fallen asleep, or they didn’t understand it. I personally think it’s fantastic, I just hate Charlie’s fate.
The previews we’re amazing for this movie. Had me super hyped. Then when I went to go watch the movie in theaters, I realized all the best parts were shown in the trailers cept for that one big scene. Pretty disappointing and I even laughed at a couple parts.
The trauma and loss in this movie come from an accurate and forbidden place. I’ve seen people reacting in a similar way in my life and this movie sadly nails it so well. 5/5

Modern classic
I’m convinced people only claim to have liked this film for Internet points. When I saw it in theaters and the lights came up, everyone sat in silence for a second, then some dude yelled “that fuckin sucked!” and pretty much the full theater cracked up and every group I heard talking on the way out was in agreement. 

AT BEST, it’s two movies that could have been good smashed together by someone with an extreme lack of knowledge on living with food allergies.
I didn't like it at all, but score was awesome
I found this movie utterly boring until the last 30 minutes. I don’t get the hype.
My thoughts exactly. I don't even like horror, but this might be one of the best I've seen. Stayed with me days after.
oh yeah- this is my top horror movie ever as well.. No movie is more creepy, actually frightening and over the top WEIRD! (but in a good way) This movie did something else. I couldn’t get over especially the ending
Love the metaleptic Borgesian opening shot where the camera moves closer and closer to the miniature representation of a teenage boy’s bedroom in a diorama and then it comes to life. It’s a little wink to the audience that we have entered the realm of voodoo.
I bought it on a whim, years ago, on a Walmart-run one night. I’m a lifelong horror fan & I agree. It is one of, maybe the best horror films in a LONG time. I never watched it again, either.
I'm in a minority that thinks midsommer was a better film but I get the praise for it!
Moral: never have a nut allergy
No, that would be the Exorcist
I may be the only person in the world who didn’t care for this movie. Even watched it twice thinking I was missing something lol
I am glad people love this movie because it really didn't work for me at all but I could tell there were a lot of elements that would make it popular and enjoyable for others. It's one of those cases where it is so close to what I look for in a horror movie but just kind of missed the mark. A moment where you appreciate the art and the artist even if you know it didn't work for you.
I hated the movie, but because of how much it creeped me out. It did its job very well
I read a pretty persuasive article about how this was really about transgenderism and now I can’t unsee it. Lol
A24 pumps out some sick artsy horror/psychological thriller films. This movie made me feel so uncomfortable the entire time. The way camera angles and lighting are used is really well done, I felt claustrophobic and anxious.
As a remote-in-hand horror movie watcher, when I noticed the mother on the ceiling it was an insta pause moment for me. Couldn’t have pressed that button faster.
The payoff is great but I didn’t really care for the film overall. Definitely worth a rewatch though IMHO because of the ending.
It is currently streaming on HBO Max!
Eh it wasn't that great imo

Question about movie if someone can tell me how to do the spoilers tag thing
I’m still wondering how the bodies floated to the tree house. I think that added a slight bit of unnecessary supernatural forces material.
It was mind blowin. Shit got weird.
It really took me by surprise. I thought it was just a run of the mill horror movie, but the atmosphere and themes took it to a whole different level.
A masterpiece. I don’t want it to be my favorite horror movie of all time, I but I can’t think of any one that could top it.
I felt the same. Great movie but too disturbing for me to sit through again. I remember watching it during covid and feeling the anxiety where the brother was getting stoned with his friends and getting into his own head.
I was completely engaged throughout. Well crafted horror without cheap jumpscare shit.
I’ll never get the adoration for this film.  Colette does a great job acting in it, and “the event” early on is certainly jarring for a first time viewer… but I was kind of chuckling at the end of it

Didnt care for Midsommer either.
I still hear the tongue click
It is over rated for real. Sinister is a way better horror movie. Sorry not sorry.
Bwhaha that's how I felt but not because I was scared but because I want to forget everything I saw. Just rewatched it recently in parts and it's still creepy asf
watched it like a week ago and fell in love!
This is a great movie. It is made so much better after reading some online breakdowns. They talk about the son’s futility and inevitability to be a host. It resonated with harrowing thoughts of impending doom. These concepts never ‘scared’ me before seeing this movie. Two hard nips… way up.
Is that Toni Collette? I love her! United States of Tara could be my young story
I thought the boy , and I don’t know his name, was fantastic in this. I could feel his pain. It was difficult to watch. His descent or ascent whatever it was was just shocking.
Loved most of it til it turned supernatural. If it retained the possibility they were grieving so hard that they lost their anchoring in reality it would have been A+++ to me.
nice
So good.  Like you, I want to watch it every time I see it mentioned but also fuck that.  Telephone pole scene so fkin brutal tense god damn
It was unique but minimally scary to me. Got weird for sure.
oh no.  You’ll see it again🏠
I didn't make it to the end of this movie. I had to shut it off.
This was almost a perfect movie. The last 2-5 minutes got me frustrated to no end. STOP EXPLAINING EVERYTHING! LESS IS MORE!
It definately goes on my top 10 list. The atmosphere, the colours and camera work, the actors, the suspence, its all top quality. And somehow they keep you on edge the whole time, brilliant.
It has some of the best performances I've ever seen.  It's more than just an allegory for mental illness; it's a hideously accurate portrayal.

Overall though, I didn't care for it.  It had some really cool scenes for sure, and amazing acting, but it was pretty mediocre in terms of the actual storyline, and the ending was so awful I started laughing.  They could have cut to black after "the scene" and it would have been better.
That's not true. You'll want to see it again, after you read about the eerie easter eggs you probably missed the first time. The movie has so many layers, and was an indelible masterpiece.
Movie fucked me up. Definitely Top 3 favorite horror movies
I fell asleep, I could barely make it till the end.
Am I the only person who likes to rewatch traumatic movies every few years?  I've watched this one twice.  I've probably seen Leaving Las Vegas 5 times.
grown man here, can confirm i was messed up for 2 weeks. scared to go in the dark sometimes
🤣 The, “I never want to watch it again.” 😆💀 Yeah it was really good. Creepy as hell! Just watched a new horror film on Netflix called Incantation. Good luck with that one lol. My son and I both had jumpscares.
SATONY, DAGONY, EPARIGON! 

PETER!! GEETTTT OOOUUUTTTTT
I envy anyone who gets to experience this masterpiece in horror for the first time.
Very well made and directed, not well written though. The plot is super contrived and dumb. On first watch it was a very good experience though. Upon further thought and viewing it fell apart. I hated the ending since the first watch thoughZ
To anyone who has watched this mindfuck. What was the last scene about with old naked people in it?
Movie is a ripoff of Rosemary’s Baby?
I thought Midsommar was much better. This one felt too close to Rosemary's baby for me.
I thought this movie was a huge disappointment.
This is the only horror movie in recent memory where we had to pause and ask each other if we had the stones to continue

When I feel restless at night, I still glance up at the corner of my bedroom
I loved this movie…the scene with the brother driving…and his held expression of utter shock and denial, refusing to look and confirm what he knows just happened to his sister was brutal and well shot
“I never want to see it again” lol, felt.
It was amazing, my boyfriend and i were talking over it and joking around like we notmally do, but when the car hit the pole and that whole sequence started (being vague bc i dunno how to do the spoiler thing lol) we literally both gasped and watched silently for the next like 20 minutes, it was so jarring
Yea and based. It’s based on a “real” demon. If that makes sense. Not just some mumbo jumbo made up scary movie.
For me I can't tell if this or The Witch is the worst movie I have ever watched, ever.  At least this movie had a slightly better pace.  I don't understand the love of these absolute snooze fest of movies.  When your horror movie is so boring I'm starting to fall asleep, that isn't anything you want.
I never finished it.  Got to the part with the brother driving and the sister with the pole and that was it.  Something just clicked in me to turn it off.  Ive never done that with any other movie.  Everyone says it’s great.  Maybe one day I’ll go back and watch it.
Movie has some great scares but the ending is dumb as fuck.
Personally I’ve got really mixed feelings on hereditary. I love the beginning half where it’s less a horror movie in the traditional sense and more a just a horrible thing happening within a family that they all can’t really deal with and worsen their relationships through, combined with a mixture of more conventional horror found through wondering if there are genuine supernatural shenanigans or of this is a manifestation of the history of mental illness and trauma in the family. I liked that part a lot, but was really let down by the second half when the dollhouse motif got dropped for no reason and things kind of spiraled into a generic “it was a cult the whole time!” Plot line.
It was really good, but I did not like the info dump at the end. Would have preferred it left a mystery.
I loved this movie.
I wasn't sure what to expect and it's maybe the scariest movie I've ever seen. Right up there with The Exorcist. It was fantastic.
That movie had this suffocating dread I felt throughout. The camerawork was so dark. It was a difficult watch and very disturbing.
It's my favourite horror movie as well. It's shocking and dreadful. No other horror movie upsets me this much. I have watched countless horror movies but hereditary is just different. It's perfect. It's the 'Shawshank Redemption' of horror.
*Tongue click
Watch "Run". She is a villian among villians!
Unpopular opinion, not a bad movie. Not a great movie. Ending kinda sucks ass
I couldn't wait for this to be over in the worst way.
I hated this boring ass movie until the last half hour. That shit was terrifying.
boring imo :/
Legit had me looking up on corners of my ceiling for a week. I’m a 33y/o man with kids.
I could watch it one more time to take in the genius filmmaking that movie is.  


And then never again.
Lol exactly! I’m good on casual rewatches of this admitted masterpiece..
Don't watch it high whatever you do...
Shit movie
Yeah, this movie hits you hard in the first half / 1st act, and as the demonic elements start slowly emerging, it really left an impact on me. Hail Paimon.
Had that old school feel which is why they have the best horror movies!
This may sound like an insane claim but this is probably one of the greatest horror films made in the last 3 to 4 decades…
I liked the first 3/4ths, but it went off the rails at the end. Felt like an M Night Shyamalan movie
I’m love this movie but idk why it still bothers me the whole set up with Peter taking Charlie to that party every thing up until the next morning seems so badly written but I enjoy everything else about the movie
Annihilation… thoughts on this film?

That fucking bear
I read the first book, and it’s definitely more surreal and I believe the second book is more like the film.

That said, it’s almost an unfilmable story IMO and I think Garland molded something unique without exposing himself to the books.

I feel like the movie requires a few viewings to overcome the surreal to digest.

I thought it was an elevated Body Snatchers with a small nod in favor of the alien mutation. It’s a very unique conclusion that isn’t ever villainized by the horror within.

I like the range of interpretations that can be viewed by a literal microscopic level of cancer mutation or in a global scale of an impending takeover. In either scenario, the cancer, or alien is never fully personified as evil, but more of a threat, like a disease. 

I like that to think of this as a more cerebral The Thing whereas Portman may just be better in her mutated form…
We took mushrooms and watched it.  It’s visually fantastic and one day I might watch it sober just to see if it was the best shrooms ever, or best movie ever
It’s a cool ass movie
Very few movies have had as much of a long term impact on me. I think about this movie quite a bit.
one of my favorite sci-fi movies. the brilliant visuals, body horror from the found tapes, the screaming human voices coming out of the bear, and the finale with the alien mirror dance backed with an apocalyptic and alien score from the portishead guy. love it
Unforgettable alien score with a haunting bear scene or whatever that was screaming like her friend. That lighthouse scene had me in serious dread. Man, this movie was disturbing!
Visually really cool & the mirror confrontation at the end is really well done. 

Fun little twist at the end too.
I feel like as a traditional movie watching experience it’s definitely not something I’d recommend to someone looking for a good time.

However if you’re the kind of person who likes it when a movie doesn’t tell you shit and leaves you puzzling it out, the kind where you can draw a lot of your own conclusions then this gives you some chunks to chew on for sure. 

I won’t say it’s masterpiece or anything, I honestly got the feeling like it was based off of a short story not a whole book. It feels more about the characters than concrete science fiction. It’s interesting that people keep saying the characters and their motivations don’t make any sense. From what I recall each characters death is saying something about the characterizations they displayed in the beginning part of the movie. 

They’re all archetypes for how we deal with our mortality. The head lady, from What About Bob, she’s facing terminal illness, her death is inevitably approaching and she must wrestle with the fact she’s aware of how much time she has. Which is why she’s more and more at peace with it when they’re inside. Her perception of time is skewed and so she no longer knows when her disease is going to punch her clock, so she stops being concerned about anything really and focuses on experiencing what little life she has left. 

There’s the paramedic lady, who is an example of how many of us don’t actually put a whole lot of thought into it, until we’re faced with our own death and driven to survival mode. She meets her end via self-fulfilling prophecy, as many do when thrust into into a scramble for their lives. Her fear of death brought her directly into its jaws, literally. 

The younger scientist girl is an example of how many people who are physically fit still wrestle with their mortality and the meaning of it all. More often than we’d like; we as humans come to the conclusion that there is no meaning, and dying sooner rather than later makes no difference. She can’t wait for the unknown and so she goes and off and let’s it take her. 

Natalie Portman’s character feels more like an exploration of someone looking for answers, and someone who doesn’t recognize the finality of death. She needs to find out what happened to her husband. Yes she knows he died, but she wants to understand what that means in this strange place. She pushes the boundaries of human understanding to find out what happened to him and she comes out the other side transformed by the cost of understanding. The film ends with us wondering if she’s still herself, if she’s even human. Which mirrors the question, what is a person, are we simply all the knowledge we’ve gathered in our short lives, are we the genetic markers we’re born with? Are we the meat that makes up our bodies, or is there something more to it? 

To me it’s all an exploration of death, how we deal with it, and questioning what it actually is. I think where it loses people is that it’s done through the lens of science fiction, but it clearly prefers the existentialism over the world building which is an important part of science fiction. Which might explain the directors trend with his movies. By couching the science fiction in a very grounded reality close to ours, not much world building needs doing. Just imagine a timeline like ours, even taking issues we’re currently dealing with technologically ie the ethics of AI, our perception of time, and running them down the road a ways and playing them out. 

Movies like Arrival and Ex Machina are tighter in their execution because they rely less on the world building and more on the events you’re seeing unfold and how the characters navigate them. Annihilation needed more world building, and could have been less dream like, but I can’t fault the guy for choosing an artistic direction and sticking with it.
Solid movie, visually pretty incredible.
I think about this movie all the goddamn time. still leaves me with a pit in my stomach
It affected me like few films. I think it's a masterpiece.
I genuinely disliked this movie and I can't exactly explain why.  I think maybe I expected it to be more horrific and felt let down?  I certainly won't say it was bad, because I'm not critiquing the quality.   I went into the theater super excited and left saying "meh".
Loved it. Better than the book.
An underrated movie.  And they set up the story in a believable way.  Otherwise a team of only women going into a dangerous situation willingly wouldn't have been believable.  It definitely bit off more than it could chew in regards to the climax.  Solid and creatively bold movie.
As a huge cosmic horror fan this movie was a complete miss for me, plot makes 0 sense, bad actors, dumb decisions, underwhelming environment, except for a certain bear it just looks like a regular forest.   

I can’t believe everybody thinks this movie is good, Nick Cages color out of space is way better imo 

I recommend watching that movie, the cosmic mystery feeling in that movie is awesome
I think its a shame to watch this film without a very powerful sound system for the ending sequence. It HIT so much better in theatres than when I watched it at home on TV speakers.
Just after NOPE it's probably the film is easily the best sci-fi in decades.
One of my favorite sci-fi films
I liked it. Good tension, creepy music, slow burn sort of uneasiness.

I read the book before seeing the movie.

The book is a lot creepier.
Visually arresting and great acting - entertaining sci fi
The scene with Crosby Stills and Nash playing in the background was one of the most emotional scenes I've ever witnessed.
My Fiancée watched it beforehand. That way she described it makes me want to watch it while off an extremely potent edible. I want to watch it on Shrooms, but I’ve never had them before.
I'm not much of a Natalie fan although I do respect her as an actor. I enjoyed the movie and have seen it a few times. It doesn't spoon feed you and allows you to wonder and be puzzled - a rare things in sci-fi cinema (or any cinema) these days.
Saw it in theaters and it blew my mind, saw it again later on in my house and I was less impressed
Great movie!
amazing
Beautiful film. I love some of the philosophical questions it gets in to as the characters are explored. Everyone is talking about the bear scene and rightfully so. The film filled me with a lot of dread watching it
Visually stunning and holy hell that bear has stayed in my brain forever. Outside of that though it was boring and hard to enjoy
Good movie but her cheating on her husband was really unnecessary and served nothing to the story.
Oh shit I forgot to finish this movie.  Worth it? I think they were about to go in.
Really good
Movie fine. Book much better.
Awful
Great concept ruined by terrible acting
Great movie in it's own right - but shitty adaption of the book.
Disliked it. Hand-wavy plot. There's a "zone" of the world where physics doesn't work right and ALL the physicists of the world have not stopped what they are doing to study it? and the project might get shut down? Absurd. 

It was pretty at least.

Most people here like it so I will probably be downvoted for going against the hive mind. Because that's bad... somehow?

There is a limit to the amount of suspension of disbelief I will put into a movie and this one exhausted that in the first 1/3rd.
Forgot about this film.
Something about Garland-directed films comes off as super pretentious to me.
Meh
Terrible and overhyped.
Waste of money at the theater
It sucks 👎
Masterpiece
It was an okay film, at best, but a disappointment considering the director's previous film, which was the unforgettable Ex Machina.
It has a few people who love it, and all of them posted in this thread already.  For the real reviews,  check Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB.
Cancer
I really tried to like this movie because I loved Ex Machina, but I couldn't get into it for some reason. A few scenes stick out in my mind (The bear and the lighthouse) but other than those, it's largely forgettable, in my opinion.
Been a while since I've seen this. There wasn't a whole lot that was memorable other than the bear scene, which I thought was good. Seemed like a good premise, the visuals were mostly good, but at the end of the day, forgettable (because I have forgotten).
7/10. Scary, fun, cerebral. Other than that, some parts felt too artsy fartsy for me, especially that last scene
Pretty slow imho. Movie seems very disjointed and lots of strange plot holes and poor decisions by the “scientists”. The bear scene was cool though.
One of the best movies I’ve ever seen for the first 4/5 and then the ending was an absolute disaster. Still mad because it could have been an all time great.
Freaky, didn't like it at all. Had been a recommendation that Arrival type movie and expected similar but just turns into some weird uncomfortable crap which was wholly unsatisfying. Acting didn't get me invested either. Nope.
As a Natalie Portman fan, I was excited about this movie. But it was so dull to me. I finished the movie, but I could’ve gone without.
I didn’t love it, but I think I’m in the minority on that. I saw The Arrival the same day, and muscular preferred it.
THAT. FUCKING. BEAR.
The bear scene! Ahhh so scary!
HElp mE…. HeLp ME!…. Such a fun scene. True nightmare flue.
Absolute nonsense, but good movie.
The bear scene where her friend’s dying scream is basically the bear’s roar is so chilling
I liked it. Different concept from the usual. Kept you guessing
The bear still gives me chills
“I thought I was a man”
I very much enjoyed it. Unique sci fi, super pretty, and kinda felt like a modern version of something you’d see in a black and white era sci fi movie.
It was very strange and interesting
That talking bear freaked me out!
Good shit
It’s great if you like a sci-fi mystery thriller type movie. It’s also pretty trippy so the shrooming enjoyment checks out.
It was a really good adaptation but some things were not from the book but still it's a really good sci-fi movie about genetic codes, mutation from the alien life and a lot that I want to say about this movie.
Good music, visually pleasing.  Bear was disturbing.  But if you've read his other work, specifically Borne, then the bear wouldn't seem so bad, lol.  Another movie that comes to mind when I think of this is Prospect.
The alien scene has to be the closest to a real meeting of an alien as any film has come, in my opinion. They would likely be something we can't even comprehend and definitely can't describe with accuracy.
Worth recommending, not something I'd rewatch unless I'm showing it to someone.
I was literally rewatching that a couple months ago to try to understand more of the movie’s theme that time around.
Really really really good 👍
I thought it was pretty great. Not as great as Ex Machina, but I thought it was a pretty stunning looking movie
I didn't like it. I don't think i understood it's premise. Probably needs to be watched when stoned.
I didn't like it. I don't think i understood it's premise. Probably needs to be watched when stoned.
I need to watch it again. I was annoyed at the affair aspect of the story. She loved him dearly yet she had an affair. 

I know it sets up Lena's need to enter the Shimmer but I felt that way shallow plot device. 

The visuals and creature designs were amazing. The confrontation with the alien was absolutely awesome.
I always tell people this movie is the most Hauntingly Beautiful movie I’ve ever seen. Honestly, minus the bear scene (holy shit nightmare fuel) and I could watch it again. 

I have no desire to watch this film again anytime soon. But good lord is it pretty and intriguing. Like Event Horizon intriguing.
Loved it.
The world was great and that bear scene... wow crazy, unfortunately the film felt like it had no direction and the ending was atrocious.
Stalker did it way better 39 years earlier, but fans of Annihilation who have never seen Stalker instantly downvote you for suggesting it or even saying Annihilation is a remake.
Alex Garland is becoming a coin-flip -- his good stuff is **\*really really\*** good, and deep, and thought-provoking -- his not-so-good stuff drifts into languid-artsy-hard-to-follow territory.

*DEVS* and *Ex Machina* walk this tightrope -- huge cerebral payoffs, lots of slow, arguably mis-paced atmospheric buildup to get there.  I put *Annihilation* on the too-far-into-artsy side.  (But, yes, the bear scene is aagh.)

(Odd neither-fish-nor-fowl outlier:  Garland's 2012 *Dredd* film, which is pretty straight action fare, except for the brain-altering drugs and psychic-cop mind torture sequences, which are 2-3 delightful scenes in the middle.)
Same thing with every garland movie. Incredible premise. Beautifully filmed. Great set up. 

Just can’t stick the landing.
Did not dig it, one of the few movies I've fallen asleep during and didn't go back to finish it. Seems like a movie I should love with it's cosmic horror and stuff but just didn't do anything for me
Walked away confused lol. I didnt get it but it was neat to watch.
👍🏽
Liked it. The best part was when it scared the crap out of my brother with the Slenderman-looking aliens.
I want the book!! Enjoyed the movie thoroughly!
I've been meaning to watch it since it came out but I never got around to it
You see the trailet and you've watched the movie.
I thought it was one of his weakest films and was bored throughout save for a few parts.
Fuckin creepy
Didn’t read the book, so I appreciated it more after reading the cancer parallels and rewatching with that in mind.
A joyous time is had by all in a wonderous Disneyesque landscape - definitely watch if you haven't.
Think it will be a future classic, it’s due for a critical reevaluation.
I liked it....I think
I haven't seen Natalie wield a gun since Attack Of The Clones.
Excellent movie, definitely one of my favorites of the 2010s… Alex Garland did a great back to back with ex Machina and then this movie.
Saw this film for the first time recently. I can't explain one minute of it but i was most definitely entertained. And yeah, that fucking bear...
Did anyone watch because of ex machina? Loved that movie.
Weird, but I liked it. Some great visuals, great concept that was barely explored.
This would translate really well into a video game. Love how it follows the Heart of Darkness blueprint.
Pretty dope
Dope sauce
It’s funny cause this movie came out around the time that original movies were being redone with all female casts like oceans 8 and new ghostbusters. I know there was lot of idk like argument about doing that and people trying to hype movies like that up. Then you have this original movie will all female leads and it’s a masterpiece but never saw it highly recognized. Shit just didn’t make sense to me. Incredible movie. The score and visuals are top notch.
A pile of poo
One of my personal faves for sci fi!
Very different from the book series but still great
Fantastic
Delicious
Absolutely loved it, spooky, weird, all female protagonists.
So… what was the movie about again?
I loved it, wife hated it. The first three quarters are fantastic, but that last act is hard to overcome for some people. It comes off as a little "wtf" and nonsensical, which I understand. Like others have said, it takes time to marinate on it to really get it, multiple viewings too. I also read the book and thought the same, that it *can* be aovie but that the climax is super hard to put together visually.
Everything before the Shimmer is boring dogshit, the rest of the movie is fucking fantastic
Natalie Portperson
If they would have cut all the pointless scenes they kept going back to about her character's affair, it would have been a better film.
LOVED it.
First time I saw this movie I was tripping. It was a fantastic idea.
Awesome loftcraftian stuff
Loved it
I really enjoyed the whole concept, would have been better though if I were tripping a bit
 It’s an ok movie in and of itself with amazing effects but they kinda ruined an amazing book trilogy to make it
Great and unique, wish more people would appreciate it.
There were some really cool scenes and ideas, but overall I did not like the movie, I thought it was too pretentious.
I loved it a lot  but then again, I’ll watch anything with her in it.
Why would they go in there with no hazmata suits when they literally just said they thought oscar Isaac died from radiation poisoning or some kind of virus.

Also why didn't they just take a boat or a hot air balloon straight to the lighthouse? Why go on foot through a bunch of dangerous terrain where every other team has disappeared in?

The movie had some cool moments but overall it was kinda dumb in my opinion.
There's alot of biblical references in the movie.
That bear was the most unnerving thing I've seen in recent films.
Well done overall, but an incredibly slow burn. I usually like slow burn movies but I fell asleep to this movie the first two times I watched it.
Absolutely fucking fantastic! Highly underrated and it didn't get all the attention it should have.

Beautifully shot, well acted, creepy as hell, and IMO one of those rare movies that's better than the book. I loved the movie, and the book left me cold.
I love it as a sci-fi art film
Idk why but I decided to watch this on acid and it was magnificent. I love how it just gets more and more “wtf??” As it progresses. Highly recommend the book series. Very different but still good
I didn’t like the movie. I think studious need to market movie more clearly. There is SciFi, and then there is SciFi horror. I didn’t like Alien either for the same reason.
Unique visuals, clever music, abysmal acting, cool premise (from a truly awful, overrated novel), and ambiguous theme. It was….okay!
I really loved this film and and thematically cohesive everything was. My interpretation is that film is about cancer. There are a lot of on the nose allusions from the characters, and the sub theme of "self-destruction" is also somewhat related to cancer, but i think Garland imagines the alien in the film to be something like a cosmic tumor growing on the planet. Seen through this lens the Alien's cryptic behavior makes more sense. It's not trying to accomplish anything, it merely exists, and it's existence is a treat to the bigger organism. Ultimately, it's is destroyed with a phosphorus grenade, a nod to phosphorus 32 cancer treatment. And in the end the survivors are so irreparably changed that they can no longer recognize themselves. I also believe the subplot of Lena having an affair is also related albeit tangentially the self-destruction and cancer in that is destroys a relationship.
It’s was Amazing atmosphere and visual wise but felt like it had zero plot
Plot screaming bear and Cocaine bear are the same bear.
Eh, it was alright. A lot of cool visuals and had good tension, but the pacing stagnated often and the story itself wasn't that great.
Watch it at .75 speed.
Piece or art. And a scary one in a different way.
It's my favorite. Yet I had the most terrifying experience watching it.
Amazing movie, thought I wasn’t really gonna like it but I was pleasantly surprised.
Fucking weird but aight, was my opinion
Loved it
It’s amazing
Plenty. Watched it last night for the second time (saw it in theatres). I feel I got more out of it the second time because I wasn’t taken in by all the eye candy that made me miss some of the first watching premise. That being said, I still have no fucking idea what I just watched.
Really sticks with me. Reminded me so much of Stalker.
Felt like an intro film into something else bigger but nothing ever came of it.
Watched it, thought it was stunning and well made, but had no idea what happened.

Next day: read and re-read the Wikipedia article on the subway on the way to work. The plot still eluded me.

Told myself “hey, just suspend belief; it’s fiction and the physics won’t make sense so just go with it.”

Plot eluded me less, I still couldn’t really tell you what it’s about, but I would highly recommend it as gorgeous, thoughtful, and a joy to experience.
Trash film with a twist ending that makes zero sense if you actually watch the whole movie. Seriously this was stupid people making stupid decisions with bad dialogue and an unearned “shock” ending.
Exact cover as 65?
Very solid sci-if suspense. It has moments of insane cinematography and story that really keep you tied in… which is good because I think an honest criticism this film should get is that the down time scenes lack a lot of impact, Portman is beyond talented in the role, but at times it’s hard to get a read on what her characters feelings and motivations are.
poor casting for one. Whoever thought Portman was going to be a convincing military character was wrong.
I was supposed to go to a 20th anniversary screening of The Big Lebowski but it was sold out so I saw this instead. Man that movie sucked
Great movie
Slept on movie. Should’ve got more recognition than it did
God comes back to re- make earth. In his image.
Great film but maybe not while tripping…though perhaps perfect for tripping depending on your intention.
Weird as fuck.
Great movie but too surreal for its own good.
It was good nothing crazy though imo. I really loved the scene with the bear just wish I saw more animals or even people like that.
Underrated. One of the best sci-fi horror films I've ever seen.
Everyone talking about the bear but that fucking ending was something from another planet
I really enjoyed it, and the use of Moderat’s The Mark during THE scene put me over the edge. Inspired me to get the books afterwards.
Lovecraftian nightmare fuel and I love it.
meh...i dont want to be that guy, but the book was much better, creepier
Bear scenes are some of the scariest shit I’ve ever seen, like true horror shit. Otherwise the movie is fine. I actually just rewatched it a couple nights ago. I think there are several interesting levels to the story but I also think that the lead is too cleverly hidden for most audiences so it will always languish in obscurity.
Great movie;  but also make me uneasy/ anxious af
real good, insane vibes, every kind of horror you could want. everyone talks about the bear but the found footage segment is way worse for me imo
F’n LOVED THAT SHI.
The >!LightHouse Music, when she finds the center, was probably the trippiest score/song I have ever heard in my life, but it’s haunting/beautiful. I thought it was awesome that that movie and the Lighthouse came out so close.!<

Director is A tru G, watch his TV show, and Dredd, and MachinaX
One of the better alien movies out there, period. Visuals, story, acting.
Loved it
Me and my buddy now refer to getting "too" high as going into the shimmer 😅

One of my favorite films, tbh. Has stuck with me vividly for years now.
Pretty good
That one part where they open that dude's stomach and all that shit was squirming about in him like that pipe that gets opened up in that one Tool video was what I remember the most vividly. Everyone of course automatically goes for the bear as the most memorable thing. Nope, not for me.
And yes, this is a fucked up movie.
One of my favorite sci-fi movies.
Holds a special place for me because it was the first episode of my podcast. When I rewatched it a couple years ago it was better than I remembered, but Ex Machina is still Garland's best.
Traaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaash
I was intrigued but was kinda let down
I really liked it. Visually it was absolutely stunning and Portman was fantastic in it. It’s been a while since I have seen it, but I don’t remember anything I didn’t like.
Best movie ever
Seeing the corruption of the wildlife, flora and fauna, was very compelling. Not just the bear, but the gator.
Never seen it. Looks pretty decent though
Gave me a new fear for bears.
Blew my mind. I got a lot of thinking time out of that admission price.
Wildly misunderstood.
Movie was good, the novel was awesome.
Couldn't watch more than 30 mins. I tried.
The first half is ok, the second part is regular.
Had no idea what was going on in the ending, but the music/atmosphere is superb
Second half of the film....fantastic.
It's amazing to steal ideas for D&D from
I thought the art direction and production was top notch. The end was a little heady and depressing in a weird way but over all solid.

I thought the generic af paranoia shit in the middle was borderline insufferable and seriously brought down the movie.
Pig-bear was the best.
Loved it. Thought it was one of the best sci fi movies of the past 20 years.

Way better than the book.
I liked it a lot. And while the bear is cool as hell, I actually the whole lighthouse scene was the highlight of the movie.
I’ll never forget the way the movie made me feel the first time I watched it. The feeling stayed with me like an entire week. I went into it totally blind. Had to pause halfway through to get a grip. The bear, the squirming guts, Ventris, all of it. And what a great soundtrack. 

I must say, I was totally blitzed while watching it. 10/10, highly recommend.
It had enough interesting ideas to make me read the book, which is Phenomenal!!!
One of the weirdest, most horrifically bad films I've ever seen. It got decent reviews, & I like science-y, philosophical, futuristic films generally, but it never quite made sense: from malignant DNA mutations to parasitic alien life forms, the film never quite coalesces into a story that makes sense. But maybe that's it? Life & its evolution doesn't always make sense? Life evolves into what it needs to? Life forms can develop one way, or they could just as well develop another--especially when manipulated? That we're always vulnerable, as humans, to really weird shit?

Whatever the meaning of the film might be, my family will never let me live down the fact that I chose it for family movie night.
A bear screaming? That shit fucked with me hard.
It’s an excellent introspective and psychological movie on why we self-destruct disguised as a cool sci-fi flick. I love the sci-fi elements of it but the most profound effect the movie had on me was definitely the questions it asks as to why humans self destruct almost universally, for all kinds of reasons.
It’s weird. I enjoyed it. Not everything has to be Marvel.
I heard it was pretty bad
One of my favorite movies ever. It’s so different from the book but the movie and book are the top of my favorites list.
I completely missed the marketing for this, and when I saw it was by the Ex Machina crew I decided I’d watch the commercial. I still didn’t like it, and it didn’t look interesting.

I got it and decided to power through just because it was by a director I respected and you can’t go wrong with Oscar Isaac or Natalie Portman.

Holy. Crapballs. This was batsauce insane.

The alligator. The bear. The belly slug. The plant lady. 

The phosphorus grenade just destroyed me emotionally. 

What a great ride. Don’t read the ending, just watch it.
I just think Alex Garland hates Denis Villeneuve so much for releasing Arrival 6 months earlier or whatever it was.
Bored me to tears, but the bear was cool.
Skip the movie read the book!!!!!!
There is something about the music that is so creepy it makes me gag. So…. I guess it did it’s job.
It rocks
Loved the book series. Movie was great until the last 10 minutes
Honestly, I wish it had leaned more into the environment with a little less character focus. I didn't care about any of the characters as much as I did that place.
Amazing movie. The most unique interpretation of what an alien invasion could look like. The sound in this movie is pretty special too.
I don't get what is so scary about a fake ass CGI bear
cool music that was used perhaps once or never throughout the actual film (was in trailer and it fit SO WELL) and as people said, the bear 

Other than that, as a reader of the book, it wasn’t good
Trailer did it dirty. That theme does it greatness.
Great movie but typical poster with guns when not really an action movie lol
Zzzzzzzz
Excellent
For people who discuss movies, it’s great, for casual movie watchers, it’s stupid and weird.
It was pretty unremarkable compared to the novel it was based on.
One of the few movies ive not gotten tired of watching on repeat
Great book. Meh movie.
That was man bear pig
Beautiful and haunting. Janet Leigh also delivers a depressing, yet amazing, performance. Did not know what to expect when walking in, only Natalie Portman, and left completely disturbed, mainly by the bear scene as everyone has pointed out.
Mediocre film that lost me right as they entered the town of plant people.

The scene with the bear is what most audience members remember it for, followed by the ending that I think most people just assume what it was about or were like me and had to ask friends, research IMDB, message boards, reddit, and Youtube reviewers to make sure I wasn't brain damaged so I could be positive I understood what I watched.

This movie was 2 hours long. A dreadful 2 hours long of some great CGI, but boring downtime.

The mimic scene at the end was also well done, the music that accompanied it added some intense feelings of pressure that aided the visuals.

Other than that, forgettable film.
Freaky af
Your thoughts first
Meh.
Incredible
That thing moving inside soldier was so scary. I was just wondering why they didn't use any devices to record themselves. Also in the end no one noticed the DNA changes in them and let them walk freely
Disturbing. But also kind of a mess imo.
Very good. A little disturbing. The message I got from it is "biological changes to ourselves and the world are beyond our control and comprehension."
This movie lives rent free in my head still, and it's been a couple years since I last saw it. The music, the art direction, the metaphor and how it runs throughout every character. Truly a special thing.
Not as good as the book but still pretty good.
I had to watch twice to love it, but it’s a Five star for me.
It’s honestly one of the best sci-fi movies I’ve ever seen.
I honestly didn’t get it my first viewing. Anyone mind explaining what intrigues you the most?
Great cast, terribly obtuse ending
The best movie none of your friends know about.
I'd like to see a version of this movie where the characters make smart decisions and the plot isn't full of holes. This movie had great premise and presentation, but I really had to turn my brain off and just go with it.
Loved it.
Love it
Such an underrated movie
Red letter media talked about it so I watched and damn I'll rewatch it just for the bear.
Holy crap this sub is small. I thought you were trolling at first.

One of the sci-fi goats. Such a weird one that I love.
The movie had great and terrifying moments but together it felt a bit... Incomplete? Off? Not sure how to explain it
It's alright, wasn't anything to write home about but a fun night
I was halfway through the movie before I realized the whole cast was female. I thought it was really cool how the movie wasn’t marketed like a femal ensemble movie (Oceans 8, the 355, Charlie’s Angels) and I feel like because those movies were marketed that way it was detrimental to their popularity
Even for free I could not see it  as a worthy investment of my time.
I enjoyed it, I liked it quite a bit more than the book which felt meandering
Cocktail recipe for this film:

A generous pour of stunning visuals

An ounce of a strong cast

A dash of Lovecraftian horror

The result: an exquisite and delightful film
Loved it, the scene where she meets the alien blew my mind with how cool it was. The visuals plus the music was very special imo
It was eh.
“What if Earth got cancer?” Brilliant, scary and perfectly crafted.
I liked it and the film score was amazing.
Dude this movie has an incredible score. Without saying anything about the rest of the movie, which was fantastic on its own, it was already 10/10 for the score
Honestly, it was kinda boring and I’m not exactly sure the story made sense let alone had a satisfying ending
Honestly I want a second movie of them between starting and going to the lighthouse, there's so much potential for really cool/horrifying bio-experimentation in this universe.
Loved the ending!👌🏻
It was great.
👍 ..alex garland is a master ..on my book list
Was mostly on board until the end. Would not watch again.
Needed to dwell more on hypnotic programming. Without that, the title means nearly nothing.
Cancer
💩
No ending, no point.  Waste of time.

Started off promisingly enough then crashes hard like J.J. Abrams.  Harder.
Horrible
Slow burn, esoteric sci-fi with some terrifying elements, pensive faces, interesting body-horror scenes, gorgeous looking moments, and easily the best sound design of that decade.

If you like your sci-fi without an easily packaged plot or a clear, linear throughline, this will satisfy.

But seriously, watch the 4k disc with uncompressed Atmos on a discrete system with surround, sub, and overhead speakers. (Read: not TV speakers or a soundbar) Crank the volume and realize that sound design is another character all its own. Just incredible.

(Compressed streaming quality and flat-stage soundbars just don't let it work, and I've heard both to know they just can't compare)
I FUCKING hated this movie.

It's a stupid movie for "smart" people.
Its good has Its fair share of probrems like 7.5/10
I liked it a lot. Lovecraft cosmic horror vibes.
One of the best science fiction movies I've seen in the last decade. 

It was well written, smart, well acted, beautiful, had a mostly female cast...

&#x200B;

and no one saw it.
I loved it, reminded me of something from a trip.
One of my favorites. Loved the visuals.
Interesting movie, sub-par adaptation

I read the first book because I wanted to see the bear. The bear was a movie-only thing. I was disappointed
Mid asf
Headache
I went into it thinking it would be an Alien knockoff but I'll watch anything that Jennifer Jason Leigh is in. I was pleasantly surprised and ended up enjoying it quite a bit.
Underrated. I love it.
So sad most people don't get the cinema version of audio at the end. The noise literally made you feel different.
MEEEEEEHHHH
I thought it was ok overall w/the special effects being a highlight but I felt like a lot of it was just cobbled together from sci fi I've seen in other movies, books, and games.
That bear f**ked me up.
More sci-fi/horror than I expected but definitely worth watching.
Huge sci-fi fan, did not like this one at all. Sorry yall =/
If I hadn’t read the book first, I would have liked this movie for it’s creepiness and originality. However I did, so I have to resort to being one of those dickheads. Didn’t love.
So boring. Terrible dialog.
A meh movie but a fun flick to watch with some friends and beers. The kind of movie you talk through but it’s a good time.
Honestly...so many scenes in this turned my stomach. As already mentioned...the screaming fucking Bear!

It disturbed me so genuinely that I couldn't go to the bathroom alone after the movie. To summarise, it's a great movie!
I thought it was really innovative, visually gorgeous, and is very underrated.
It’s good
Masterpiece
this is my favorite movie of all time, hands down
 Not at all like the book, but I think each is worthy in its own way. The scene with the shimmering mimic is great.
Creepy and beautiful, would watch again.
It’s also based on books? I would get the books
cosmic horror done so well… i love this movie,  one of my favorites ^__^ all girl research team too yaaas
The Last of Us meets Stranger Things meets 2016 Ghostbusters.

Some cool concepts.
Incredibly distributing, and I wish I hadn't seen it.
Wonderful film👏
The bear is absolutely terrifying
Beautiful, scary at times, strange ending.  Glad I watched it.
I hear that noise (in my head) whenever I walk the dog after dark...and then I just hurry the fuck back inside.
very clever and one of the scarier scenes in movie history.  Yes, that damned bear.
The Southern Reach Trilogy is great. Movies great too though different.
Wish they had used the staircase in the book.
Decent, but not as good as the book. Still would be super interested to see how they’d adapt the two sequels.
Pretty creepy. Books are good too. Reading the third one now.
I love this movie. It's terrifying and surreal.
I was disturbed not by the movie but that it wasn't better received (I don't think it flopped but I remember it doing just so-so?).  

It was really solid;  like every element is on point.  It represents the genre very well and exists as a strong representation of what a focused genre film looks like. 

Also, what /u/Bongressman wrote.
This movie is amazing every minute of it so good wish I could see it for the first time again
I wish it went a lil crazier at the end but still a great watch!  At the edge of my seat going wtf is going on the entire time.
Great visuals, but the story just isn't there beyond "fucking aliens are weird man".
Pretty good! Good lovecraftian story and an all-female cast that isn't annoying. Awesome
I've been a huge Alex Garland fan since *28 Days Later* and *Sunshine*. *Annihilation* is one of my favorite movies. The book is also insanely good.
I have so many thoughts on this movie but one scene that has affected me the most is when Tessa Thompson’s character disappears into the ‘garden of people’ (as I call it). I struggle with various forms of self-harm and seeing something quietly beautiful come out of those scars was impactful, to say the least.
It's ok, kind of weird, watched it a few times and still not sure what it's about
Fuckn loved it
This was a great movie.
Sucked sucked sucked… movie was a dumpster fire the whole way through so boring
It's difficult for me to take her seriously as a bad-ass ex-military because she's tiny.
I loved the movie. I thought the lighthouse scene was done very well.
I absolutely love this movie. I think it’s an underrated masterpiece.
I thought it was great. The scene where the thing in the lighthouse mimics her movements still pops up in my nightmares sometimes
Other than the 30 second scene with the blob toward the end there's not much point in watching it. I don't recall it being very entertaining other than that. Haven't really had a desire to ever watch it again
This is one of those films that really stood out to me. I was cleaning house, thought it looked interesting to put on in the background. I then proceeded to not clean anything. I think I watched it two more times in about a month. Very Lovecraftian with it's "Colour out of Space" story, really powerful symbolism in regards to overcoming depression and self destructive tendencies... and of coarse that motherfucking nightmare bear. 


One of my all time favorites now. I recommend it to people all the time.
Its different, but I didnt love it. Thought it was a little too abstract/artsy, a little more “the OA” than “Arrival” or The Thing. Great little moments though, the way each team member experiences the approach.
Such great depiction of eldritch horror near the end. Something so beautiful/horrifying/awe-inspiring you can’t help but look
Trippy movie. Who ever came up with this film was on LSD or something.
I would say it's a solid film. Cool premise, good acting, visually satisfying, filled with some creepy moments.

Overall, solid film if you like sci-fi.
My teenaged son and I watched it at home thinking for some reason it would be bad and we could make fun of it. We both ended up really liking it. Unique, creepy, intriguing, unexpected. I’m always happy when a movie manages to surprise me with something that feels new.
I cant even remember it. Thats how disappointing it was to me.
As someone with no previous knowledge of the books, I loved it. Super cool, super psychedelic at times, very alien. The mutations and bear were dope, and the implied metaphors/tattoo references were super cool. (Obviously the meaning of it all is a little up in the air but I love it)
It was one of the best Tool music videos I've seen.

I actually really liked how they made their aliens so *alien* and something completely foreign to the Humans, as opposed to the humans-in-rubber-masks aliens we see in many other films.
My only complaint is that they didn’t actually film in North Florida, but in the UK instead. Great movie, but I think that change could have helped.
One of the best "recent" films I watched, when Netflix used to be good.
Easily one of the greatest crimes to have ever happen in the movie world is that this movie did not make its money back, meaning it will be a while before we get anything like it. A shame seeing as to how this is one of the greatest films made in the last 10 years.
Great movie. Inspired by the book though, not adapted from it
Absolutely loved it.
I was really hyped when me and my gf decided to watch it. The soundtrack was great, visuals were great, some specific scenes I still remember because they're really great and terrifying. But all in all I found the movie to be kinda mid? The ending scenes are great and then it just cuts off when it teases some interesting events. For a single movie with no sequel it opens up way too many themes that it doesn't elaborate on or close imo. I was let down by it
Loved it but the stair scene in the book haunted me for days and I wish it was included
Loved it.  Far surpasses the book, which I wasn't a fan of.
