The Senate. Upvote this so that people see it when they Google "The Senate".

Annnd it's the most upvoted reddit post of all time. 
What if I told you that even now a number of moderators in r/movies are under the control of a Dark Lord of r/Prequelmemes?
Did you ever hear the senate of Darth Senate "the senate"? I thought not. It's not a story the Senate would tell you. It's a Senate legend. Darth Senate was a Dark Senate of the Senate, so powerful and so wise he could use the Senate to influence the senate to create senate... He had such a knowledge of the dark senate that he could even keep the senate he cared about from dying. The dark senate of the senate is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his senate, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his senate everything he knew, then his senate killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.
I see we have claimed r/movies as part of prequelmemes
He could save others from being deleted, but not himself.
We r/prequelmemes now?
DEW IT, DEW IT NOW.
I'll try karmawhoring that's a good trick! 
Not how SEO works. But it is how karma whoring works.
/r/prequelmemes will watch your career with great interest
Oh, I'm afraid the Health Care system will be quite dysfunctional when your friends arrive.  
Joining the comments just to be part of the new empire.
I think it's safe to say that r/prequelmemes is the dankest subreddit
I AM THE SENATE 
Have you heard the tragedy of Darth plagueis the wise?
22nd image result is him from a YouTube cap... Maybe we should link that one and upvote it? 
Seen this done before, didn't work but the OP got a whole shitload of karma.
Well, I guess someone should link this... https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/6sdob9/tifu_by_deleting_reddits_1_top_post_of_all_time/?st=J64DWXQF&sh=3b89e396 
Time to abandon comments!
This post is proof that "Upvote this so that people see it when they Google" posts are bullshit, I googled it and A different picture of Palpatine came up.
Here because of that guy that accidentally deleted top post of all time found a bug on imgur got it restored free imgur tech support.  Man should be paid a reward @imgur staff
Aaaaand its gone...
When u/q-key nearly destroyed the senate
The highest upvoted post in Reddit history is a shitpost? I can get behind this
A prequel meme on /r/movies?

A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
Really? This was the #1 post of all time on reddit?
#`Beep Beep Lettuce`
"This attempt on my life... has left my karma scarred and deformed."
How many people got here from r/TIFU
The attempt on this post has left it scarred and deformed...

But I assure you, its resolve has never been stronger!
This attempt on The Senate's life has left reddit scarred and deformed.
Am I fucking stupid or is this shit not deleted at all? 
Posting a comment to forever be a part of history. 
u/waterguy12 

What happened to this picture?
Can't believe this got deleted
Hello there
First person to declare "we did it, reddit!" wins a galaxy's supply of karma
....and we shall have.....

PEEEEEEaaace.......
I have brought peace,freedom,justice and security to my new empire.
UNNNNLLLIIIIIIMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTEEEEEEEDDDDD SENNNAAATTTEEEE!!!!!
So, this is how reddit ends.

With thunderous shitposting.
Since my comment will get buried, hey guys I'm gay! 
Back to normal :)
I thought this got deleted? 
Have you ever heard the tragedy of q-key the Wise? It's not a story the mods would tell you.
Seems like the Senate isn't the only one erasing things. 
This is the most upvoted post on Reddit and it isn't on Top Post of All Time. This is Outrageous it's unfair, how can you be the most upvoted post of Reddit and not be on Top Post of All Time?!
Who else is here from TIFU?
This is so hilariously close to being the highest scoring post of all time
holy shit guys i gold gold and im now #5 of all time! thanks Reddit for making me feel like i actually achieved something! 

http://i.imgur.com/CbtNZkz.png
How embarrassing to have lost an entire picture
u/waterguy12

This post has got over 10k more karma since the TIFU
/r/TIFU REPRESENT
My kids will be proud that their Daddy contributed to this thread.
Fucking hell within a day we've seen North Korea develop a bit more, Trump try and insult them, oh and the top post of Reddit deleted! Internet off for the day I think!
[deleted]
Isn't this violation of intergalactic Reddit law?
Good news everyone! 
Hey /u/waterguy12 this post almost got deleted. Just like your inbox
I love how the removal of the picture just made it more popular.
 But, it's still here...
Recent attacks on my life have left me scared and deformed, but I ashure you my resolve is stronger then ever!
Seeing this post alive brings warm feelings to my heart
[when the post isn't archived](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/023/967/obiwan.jpg)
Wait, its still here!
#I'm here mom! It's not deleted!!!!
Wow, they recovered it.
Well I'll be damned its back. 
Fuck it I'm done with Reddit.
The picture might be restored, but it is no longer on the first page of Google when you search "The Senate".
Who came here from that TIFU post?
[deleted]
Wasn't expecting this to happen after TIFU...

A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
The ultimate necromancer, /u/q-key
AN ATTEMPT ON THIS MEME'S LIFE HAS LEFT IT SCARRED AND DEFORMED
# 1 top fuck up of all time
Aaannndd it's gone.
[deleted]
Unarchived post so... Last?
Lol unarchived, I can finally respond to 10 year old posts
I thought this got deleted by the tifu guy
Rip
[/u/waterguy12](https://www.reddit.com/user/waterguy12)
It has been unfucked
You read a TIFU post, clicked various buttons to find out if it was real and ended up here only to find that it's all fine and been reinstated. 

I did. What a tiny waste of our lives. 
Who's here from r/tifu
you are all a bunch of coconut fuckers
doesn't look deleted to me
u/q-key killed us
What a time to be alive, deleted, then made alive.
wow. he really fucked up. good things it's back now
I was here at the reincarnation 
I'm just commenting to be part of history.
tifu by not knowing what the #1 post on reddit was
Well I'll be damned, The Senate lives 
MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE
Shall never die.
Now give me the top rated comment in history so a mod can delete it. 
Here from TIFU :D
I wonder if I'll get to be the last comment on the most upvoted Reddit post of all time?
I like sand.
Put me in the archive. Updoots for Sheev.
Somehow, The Senate returned
Comment to check if reddit de-archiving is a thing
Testing
Reddit unarchived old posts hell yeah
How am I able to comment on this 4 year old post?
I had an upvote on this before it was archived. Beat that
ONCE MORE r/prequelmemes WILL RULE THE GALAXY.........AND WE SHALL HAVE.........memes
Oh boy here I got deleting again
Found it on Google its not on the top yet though
Dude, what the fuck is Reddit anymore this is seriously the most upvoted post? Do the Reddit mods not care about their own rules? This is vote manipulation what the fuck, mods?
Thanks for restoring reddit :) 
After reading TIFU 

I'm here!
Get outta here old top comments!
A Coconut would be great right now 
New posts coming in so fast nobody will see that my wife left me 
Proof you can't kill the Senate.
He could save others from deletion, but not himself 
This has been historic 2 times in Reddit history.
Welcome back, Senate. We sure missed you and your **UNLIMITED POWER**.
Congrats on getting this back up.  Extra updooks all around.
Guess who's back?
The senate is far more powerful than /u/q-key.
OOTL:  
If this has the most upvotes, why isn't it the number one post on r/all/top?
What is dead may never die.
How many people here from the TIFU?
7 hours and All Time top of r/All... Unexpected, but not unwelcome! 
Upvoted. The world need to know of the one true Senate.
I feel like Reddit has gone completely mental in the span of 24 hours.
It's not on r/all. It seems in their anger, the admins killed it. 
I hate sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere. 
Oh no don't accidentally delete this again 
The post has been.... re-elected. 
[deleted]
Just gonna comment so that I too can say that I experienced history.

Here was u/Lanforge on 8/8/2017 at 15:37 Mountain Time.
Do it. Delete him. 
The first post resurrection in history 
We did it Reddit!
This message is a warning to all surviving prequel memers. The Senate has fallen and the dark shadow of r/sequelmemes has taken its place.
I AM THE SENATE

It's not deleted!

A suprise to be sure...but a welcome one. 
AN ATTEMPT ON THIS PICTURES LIFE HAS LEFT IT SCARRED AND DEFORMED!
ITS BACK
I'm not sure what's happening but I'm here too thanks 
Here from TIFU, coconuts anyone?
It's back! 

A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth [q-key](/u/q-key) the wise? 
What is dead may never die
Rise, my friend.
It's NOT treason, then
Crisis averted

u/Waterguy12
Just leaving this here to be a part of Reddit history.
This post is gonna jump to 500k upvotes now..

#TheSecondComingIsHere
/r/prequelmemes shall rise again!
No no no
I'M OMNIPOTENT, I AM THROUGHOUT ALL TIME, I CAN COMMENT ON OLD POSTS
I love ~~democracy~~ unarchived posts.
I have waited a long time for this moment
Huh, this is not longer archived for some reason
Did you ever hear the tragedy of u/serventofgaben the Unwise?
Wait why isn't this showing up as the 2nd top post when searching r/all by Top Posts All Time?? 
One of the biggest shitposts of all time.
This didn't work.
FOR THE REBELLION *downvotes*
[deleted]
Thank god this exists again!
It's treason then.
WE'RE BACK 
Oh! This hasn't been archived yet! Look at me, mum, I'm inside history!
It doesn't seem very deleted to me
I googled "the senate" and this picture did not come up ANYWHERE.

Goddamnit, TIFU OP.
hello history!
Oh shit nows my chance gimme that karma!!!!
TIFUBIIAFN (Today I fucked up but it is all fine now)
This picture was deleted 
Well whaddya know
I eat ass

Edit:Hopefully this is buried behind the other comments.
I feel like this was a clever way to double the karma. 
am i famous now?
Ocarina of Time is better than Majoras Mask
I have witnessed an event in reddit history happen. My life is now complete.
The attempt on his life has left him scarred and deformed
Someday I'll be able to tell my kids "I saw a TIFU and ended up commenting on The Senate".

And they will say fucking nothing because I'm lonely as fuck and I'll most likely never have kids to begin with.
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
/u/waterguy12
This is just a ploy so this post gets more upvotes WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Best April Fools joke ever
Reuploaded on 8/8/17

The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed, but I assure you my resolve has never been stronger. The war is over. The memes have won
Here from TIFU
UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER UNLIMITED POWER
NO
[deleted]
RIP
I'm here for the gang bang...
Thank plageuis it's still here
They brought it back!
[ENCRYPTED]
U2FsdGVkX18rtLt2R/jzsCye2TRe/upXHCdOP9bv8H54GsVC+at2N9FdTu0HTgtK1buo/9bsp9Q7M+D/gqdxE3hn2QiRRp2KhGVrl0pe8qs=
Don't mind me. I'm just commenting to be a part of history. 
The post has been.... re-elected. 
Good good good let the delete flow through you. 
Did the force bring him back or what?
insert funny comment about how everyone is coming from the new post here ha ha how drole am I
Have you heard the story of u/q-key?
I know why you're here

just here to be part of history!
Am I history now?
Oh? It's back!
History made
Glad to see it's not deleted 
L
Its treason then
here thanks to tifu. 
I feel like Reddit history
So that's the post... interesting
Now that the sexy beast is back he deserves 10x Gold
Flip-flip-flipidephia
The attempt on this post's life has left it scarred...and deformed. But I assure you, its resolve has never been stronger!
I'm a part of history!
Weeeee!
Do it
At this point, you upvote because this is so upvoted
It's back again!
Just wanna say something before it's history
What about the Droid attack on the Wookies?
Another meme to add to my collection.
Glory to /r/PrequelMemes!!!
congrats on getting it back so quickly.
Pretty sure this is going to get a shit ton of upvotes just because it got deleted.
Time to cash in on that afterpost karma!
Fucking a coconut got me here
The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate The Senate 
With all these comments nobody will notice i'm gay
All these new comments will hide this, I'm gay
Hi, I’m Keanu Reeves, AMA

Are there any of your movies that you can watch purely as a viewer and just forget that you are watching yourself?

Love your work and your work ethic.
Do you still play bass at all?

Is it true that Kim Gordon borrowed your bass for one of Sonic Youth's videos? And that you and Mike Watt argued beforehand over whose bass she'd play in the video?

What bands have you been listening to recently?
Has there ever been a role in your career that you regret turning down?
Hi Keanu, are there any directors or actors/actresses you haven’t worked with yet but would like to do so in the future if time permits?
What's a city that stands out as a wonderful place to be while you were filming?
Hey Keanu! Can you tell us a fun experience you've had with co-stars while filming?
So is the matrix real?
Have you ever thought of playing in a musical? I heard you did say in the past that you would want to try different movie genres. What do you think about it now?
Shower in the morning or shower at night? Which do you prefer?
Thanks everyone for spending some time with me…it was cool to chat with you and hopefully we can chat again down the road…have a good day, good days - all my best, warm regards, Keanu.
What is the best advice you've ever received?
Have you ever had a pet?
Has it been discussed for you and Denzel to ever star in John Wick x Equalizer crossover film?
Hey Keanu. Do you prefer the kung fu training you did for the Matrix or the jiu-jitsu you do for John Wick?
What NHL team is your team?
out of all 4 john wick movies you have made so far, which one was the most challenging to shoot, and why? 

Can’t wait to watch the 4th!
If you weren't acting, what other career would you choose?
If aliens came to Earth, would you accept the responsibility of being the first to contact them?
Hey Keanu,

Researches from Germany found a compound naturally produced by some type of bactaria **that is so effective at killing fungi, they named it after you:** [**keanumycins**](https://edition.cnn.com/2023/03/03/world/keanumycin-fungus-killer-discovery-scn/index.html)**.** 

*Quote:*

>*“The lipopeptides kill so efficiently that we named them after Keanu Reeves because he, too, is extremely deadly in his roles,” Götze said in a statement.*

What are your thoughts about that?

Also, have a good day.
What drives you to be so compassionate?
Keanu, what is your favorite food to eat? Any comfort food that reminds you of early
Childhood? Thanks!
Hi Keanu, can you recommend a book that you have recently read and loved? 

Thank you!
Hey Keanu! My wife and I are huge fans. You seem like a very decent man and you deserve to be happy.

My question: let's say you're getting ready for a long  flight and could only pick 1-2 movies to bring and watch.

Which movies are you bringing?
No questions, but i just hope you have a most excellent day.
Have you spoken with James Gunn at all in regards to Constantine 2? Hope we get to see it!
What’s your favorite moment or memory from working on point break?
Hello Keanu, what is the number 1 item on your bucket list? Thank you for all the amazing work!
What’s your favourite cocktail? Thanks!
Have you ever stolen anything from a set?
What is your favourite film that you’ve worked on?
Unrelated to film, what are you passionate about?
Hey Keanu! What motorcycles are you currently riding the most and what are you eyeing up to add to your collection next?
What hobbies do you have?
Hi!! What are your feelings on birds? 🐦
Hello Mr Reeves, have you ever experienced anything paranormal in real life?
How often are you back in Canada these days?
Will you direct another movie anytime soon? I really enjoyed Man of Tai Chi and thought the fight scenes were excellent. Also, thanks for being a seemingly overall nice guy.
Hello, Mr Reeves, thank you for doing this! 

Seeing you as a characher in Cyberpunk 2077 was an incredible experience, I genuinely think Johnny Silverhand is one of your best roles.

Do you have any further plans on starring in computer games in the future? What is your attitude toward computer games overall?
Pineapple on pizza: Yay, nay, or neutral?
Have you read any of the books by Joseph Campbell (The Power of Myth, The Hero With a Thousand Faces, etc) and if so, how have they affected how you view your role as storyteller and actor?
My wife wants to be your wife 🫠
I just wanted to apologize for invading your privacy in 1994. 

Much Ado About Nothing had come out the year prior and my aunt worked in Hollywood and had some how gotten your phone number. I didn’t believe that she really had your number and thought she was just making it up to seem cool. 

So one day after watching that movie and being so impressed, I called the number and to my surprise it was your real number! And instead of hanging up, I left a message saying how I thought you did a great job as a villain. I was 14 and so, so dumb. 

I’m really sorry.
Bill and Ted question!   Do you have a favorite George Carlin story?
When will you do a hot ones interview?
How do you take care of your mental health and protect your peace in such a difficult industry?
Mr. Reeves, if you could be remembered for something other than acting, what would that be?
I played ball hockey with you as a kid in Winnipeg. It was awesome! Thanks for the memory. All the best.
Hi Keanu, Which part of acting as John Wick did you enjoy the most? What's the first thing that comes to your mind?

Ps, your amazing dude! Can't wait for your next movie!

Edit: made the question more specific.
You look like you’re being held hostage in your AMA picture.  Are you being held hostage by Lionsgate?  Blink once for yes, twice for no.
Hi Keanu, as a moderator of r/KeanuBeingAwesome, we appreciate your work in some of the most incredible movies of all time. We also admire you for your kindness, generosity, and everything that makes you awesome! My question for you is:

* What's something awesome that someone did for YOU recently? ^:)
How do you feel about my plant being named Keanu Leaves? May I please have your blessing 🙏😍😂
What is your personal favorite one liner of yours?
No questions just wanted to share how much you mean to us. You are awesome and my family and I enjoy your films. 

I work in the nursing field and wanted to share that the interview linked left an impression on me. It was during an interview with Steven Colbert and you talked about death. Your answer gave me so much peace that I often share that quote with others. When asked what happens to us when we die you said "I know that those who love us will miss us". Beautifully said and thank you for that ❣️

https://youtu.be/cGFSh6Cis-s
Hi Keanu, nice to have you here.

Do you know or are you aware that you have a very special place in almost everyone's hearts?

You are a very kind and humble and social person whom all of us should strive to be...
What’s your favourite movie? (That you’re not in)
What music are you currently listening to ?
How do you like your eggs?
Keanu, would you ever want to play a motorcycle riding samurai in a dystopian post apocalyptic world?
Love you Keanu, you’re breathtaking! How do you motivate yourself?
no question. just wanted to thank you for your contribution as an actor and all-around great guy
What videogames do you like to play or have liked to play in the past?
How do you seem to stay so centered/grounded?
Question: how much can you reveal about a Constantine sequel?
What is your all time favorite album? What’s your favorite song on it?
3300 questions in 20 minutes... Good luck
Hi Keanu! You often have the fan reputation of being wholesome and super kind! I wanted to ask what that’s like from your end as someone in the spotlight. What do you wish more fans knew about you? Also, if you could adapt any book or book series, what would it be?
Hi keanu, i love your motorcycle company, ARCH. I love vintage motorcycles, what are some of your favorite vintage bikes? My favorite is the cbx 1000 which i had the opportunity of purchasing and restoring a few years ago.[1980 cbx 1000](https://imgur.com/a/nA89qa8)
What role did you want the most, but didn’t land?
How does My Own Private Idaho hold up for you? Do you believe it to be a classic? What was River Phoenix like?
Panam or Judy?
Will we ever seen you in a film with Nicolas Cage?
If you were invited to star wars, would you accept it? And what lightsaber colour what you choose?
What do you think of electric motorcycles?
What small changes to your daily routine made a big impact on your overall quality of life?
How much fun was it to be involved in cyberpunk 2077? Do you think you'll ever be immortalized as a digital actor in future movies?
 No questions here. Thank you for being a good person.
Hey Keanu! What has been your most fulfilling role?
Hi Keanu,

My aunt once hit you with her car (very softly) and when she apologized you were cool about it.  Walked away and carried in your day.  She wants to say sorry again!
If John Wick had been given a cat, do you think things would've been different?
Hi Keanu!

In an alternate reality where you never got famous, what career do you think you would have pursued?

And not a question, but Thank You for being a decent human being.
‘Black Panther’ actor Chadwick Boseman dies at 43 after 4-year fight with colon cancer

I understand he probably wanted to keep on the low key but this is absolutely insane that there was no rumor about him he int sick.
I remember a bunch of photos of him from a few months ago showing that he had lost a ton of weight. Unfortunately now I guess we know why. Horrible, just horrible.
Damn, didn't even know he had cancer
damn wtf, i remember a couple of years ago or last year there were pics of him super skinny and people speculating why he was so skinny. wonder if he was doing chemo then. came out of fuckin nowhere man, RIP
Insane, he'll be remembered well. Too young too, his career just started to really boom
Unbelievably sad and sudden. RIP.
Wait so he had cancer while filming Black Panther?!?
holy fucking shit this is goddamn devastating

[the statement released by his family on his twitter](https://twitter.com/chadwickboseman/status/1299530165463199747?s=21 ) is so astonishingly sad to find out about his private battle and determination/strength since 2016
This might be the most unexpected death I’ve ever seen a news alert for. Must’ve kept it really under wraps. Awful. RIP.
WHAT?! I didn’t even know he was ill. 43 is way too young. May he Rest In Peace.
Probably one of the most shocking deaths for an actor since Heath Ledger. He was a phenomenal talent and seemed like a genuinely good person. 43 is too young to die. He must have been a really strong person to continue working and battling this in private.
absolutely out of nowhere

Jesus Christ
This is insane, he was so young and such an incredible actor. On Jackie Robinson day too, after one of his best know roles was playing Jackie in *42*
This doesn't feel real...
Way too fucking young, man

Star in a major franchise too.

Cancer is a fucking dick
He filmed all those movies while suffering from cancer privately. That takes strength
[deleted]
This is tragic. We lost a star today. Seriously fuck cancer
man what the fuck
Probably the most wtf death of an actor since we lost Anton Yelchin
WHAT THE
This is heartbreaking. I don’t want this news
I didn’t even know he had been sick. This is awful. 43 is just way too young. He was a fantastic actor, I just wish we had so much more from him.
Unfortunately that's how my mother passed away. Here's hoping his family can get some peace in his passing knowing he is no longer in pain
fucking WHAT

I didn’t even know he was sick
Chadwick Boseman Forever!
EVERYONE PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR BODIES!!!
The biggest signs of colorectal cancer are a LOT of blood that is dark red, and thinning of stool, pain, and the feeling like you have to pass stool but it won’t come out. 

I was 28 and having horrible bowel issues including horrific pain, and after putting off doctors for a while I finally got a colonoscopy and was diagnosed as stage 4. 

THE AGE OF PEOPLE BEING DIAGNOSED WITH COLORECTAL CANCER IS GETTING LOWER AND LOWER. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID. 
GO. TO. THE. DOCTOR!!

Edit: also, Colorectal cancer is one cancer that can be prevented! If you catch the polyps before they turn into cancer, cut em out and you’re good! As soon as you hit  50, schedule that shit.
he fought cancer in private for 4 years and put out Civil War, Marshall, Black Panther, Infinity War, Endgame, 21 Bridges and Da 5 Bloods. “strong” doesn’t come close to adequately describing him, he put aside his struggle with stage 4 colon cancer so that he could give us these movies. 

we can all only dream of being like chadwick boseman. 

Wakanda Forever.
What on earth?  How did he keep this a secret? ~~Did marvel know when they hired him?  They must have known.~~ This is the most of out of left field thing 2020 has given us yet and that’s saying something. So sad. So bewildering. RIP.  Wakanda Forever. I’m in shock. Wow.

Edit: I didn’t know the black panther timeline, I forgot about civil war. It may actually explain why there seemed to be such an inexplicably long gap in Marvels plans for Bp2

Edit2: don’t wait until 50 to get your colon checked.
Woah. Had no idea he was sick. RIP Chadwick
This is insane. There was a photo of him going around on twitter a few months ago where he looked extremely thin, I thought he was just losing weight for a role. This is just so out of left field that when I saw it I thought it was just some Stan twitter joke. Fuck.
This is absolutely insane on so many levels. While 40 is still so young, I didn’t realize he was that old. Wow. 


It’s a real shame the first Black Panther was so focused on Killmongerer instead if the title character. He never really got his chance to come into the character. Even after the promising start in Civil War. 

Wow.
On Jackie Robinson day as well. Holy shit. Looking at recent pics of him he looked thin but thought it was a role.
Wakanda Forever.

Rest in Paradise, King.
Risk factors

Factors that may increase your risk of colon cancer include:

Older age. Colon cancer can be diagnosed at any age, but a majority of people with colon cancer are older than 50. The rates of colon cancer in people younger than 50 have been increasing, but doctors aren't sure why.

African-American race. African-Americans have a greater risk of colon cancer than do people of other races.

A personal history of colorectal cancer or polyps. If you've already had colon cancer or noncancerous colon polyps, you have a greater risk of colon cancer in the future.

Inflammatory intestinal conditions. Chronic inflammatory diseases of the colon, such as ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease, can increase your risk of colon cancer.

Inherited syndromes that increase colon cancer risk. Some gene mutations passed through generations of your family can increase your risk of colon cancer significantly. Only a small percentage of colon cancers are linked to inherited genes. The most common inherited syndromes that increase colon cancer risk are familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) and Lynch syndrome, which is also known as hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer (HNPCC).

Family history of colon cancer. You're more likely to develop colon cancer if you have a blood relative who has had the disease. If more than one family member has colon cancer or rectal cancer, your risk is even greater.

Low-fiber, high-fat diet. Colon cancer and rectal cancer may be associated with a typical Western diet, which is low in fiber and high in fat and calories. Research in this area has had mixed results. Some studies have found an increased risk of colon cancer in people who eat diets high in red meat and processed meat.

A sedentary lifestyle. People who are inactive are more likely to develop colon cancer. Getting regular physical activity may reduce your risk of colon cancer.

Diabetes. People with diabetes or insulin resistance have an increased risk of colon cancer.

Obesity. People who are obese have an increased risk of colon cancer and an increased risk of dying of colon cancer when compared with people considered normal weight.

Smoking. People who smoke may have an increased risk of colon cancer.

Alcohol. Heavy use of alcohol increases your risk of colon cancer.

Radiation therapy for cancer. Radiation therapy directed at the abdomen to treat previous cancers increases the risk of colon cancer.

Prevention

Screening colon cancer

Doctors recommend that people with an average risk of colon cancer consider colon cancer screening around age 50. But people with an increased risk, such as those with a family history of colon cancer, should consider screening sooner.
Several screening options exist — each with its own benefits and drawbacks. Talk about your options with your doctor, and together you can decide which tests are appropriate for you.

Lifestyle changes to reduce your risk of colon cancer

You can take steps to reduce your risk of colon cancer by making changes in your everyday life. Take steps to:

Eat a variety of fruits, vegetables and whole grains. Fruits, vegetables and whole grains contain vitamins, minerals, fiber and antioxidants, which may play a role in cancer prevention. Choose a variety of fruits and vegetables so that you get an array of vitamins and nutrients.

Drink alcohol in moderation, if at all. If you choose to drink alcohol, limit the amount of alcohol you drink to no more than one drink a day for women and two for men.

Stop smoking. Talk to your doctor about ways to quit that may work for you.

Exercise most days of the week. Try to get at least 30 minutes of exercise on most days. If you've been inactive, start slowly and build up gradually to 30 minutes. Also, talk to your doctor before starting any exercise program.

Maintain a healthy weight. If you are at a healthy weight, work to maintain your weight by combining a healthy diet with daily exercise. If you need to lose weight, ask your doctor about healthy ways to achieve your goal. Aim to lose weight slowly by increasing the amount of exercise you get and reducing the number of calories you eat.


Make sure you know the dangers and get checked, my Dad is going through this at the moment.

Many men feel uncomfortable about colon, prostate, testicular cancer etc never feel embarrassed about your health, never feel that way, your health is more important than anything else. 

RIP Chadwick Boseman, you got to see your impact on the world, but were taken too soon by a cruel disease.
My cousin also just died from cancer. Fuck cancer and 2020
To keep this a secret is so sad to me.

Shooting all those "Ancestral plane" scenes must've been a complete mind fuck.
i'm so stunned

on jackie robinson day too
This isn’t gonna leave my mind for weeks.
Holy shit. A coworker and I were just talking about him this week because she and he both went to Howard.

This wasn't public was it?
Wow. I am geniunely shocked. Completely outta left field...

Always liked him as an actor.

43, Get On Up, The MCU, Da 5 Bloods. Man... Fuck Cancer.

R.I.P Man...

*Meant 42, but you get what I meant*
You gotta be fucking kidding me. Had no idea he was sick. Tragic...
This came out of total left field. Rest in peace, man
So sad. He ate at a restaurant that I worked at while they were filming Marshall, about 5-6 years ago. So, before he reached super famous status. 

He ate at the bar, he was super nice and friendly. He was chatting to all us staff about Avengers Civil War which was coming out soon.  He seemed like such a genuinely nice guy. RIP.
This one hurts more than Kobe. Black Panther did a lot for me as a black man. I only started really wearing colors and representing my flag after that movie came out. I’m forever grateful to him for bringing my pride and connection to my culture to light. He made me want to find out what my name means and my history. Chadwick Bozeman helped me find my cultural identity.
Holy shit. Had his whole career in front of him. This is awful
Fuck. I had stage 3 colon cancer in 2016. I'm the same age. Fuck. Man, such a shock. Talent gone too soon.

Fuck Cancer.
This is absolutely devastating. I'm completely at a loss for words and just shook by this. Didn't even know he was sick. 

Rest in Power to a great one gone entirely too soon. 

Fuck off 2020.
Wow, this is tragic. I had no idea.
So he shot all those Marvel movies while sick. Damn.
I’m absolutely stunned. The face of one of the most important super hero franchises. So sad. 

Wakanda forever....
That is so sad. R.I.P to such an incredible actor
holy fuck. rest in peace
Fucking hell. I knew he was looking thinner, but I chalked it up to him getting ready for a role. Christ, this is really fucking sad. RIP.
Excuse me, what in the fuck?
Thousands of people marched in Washington D.C. today for the anniversary of MLK's "I have a dream" speech, and on this same day, we've lost the actor who brought the first black leading man superhero in comics, and the first black baseball player to join the major leagues, to life on the silver screen.
This will probably be burried but many people in my family have died from colon cancer.  When I was in college, second year, I suddenly needed to use the restroom.  I did in our common bathroom that I shared with three other guys.  When I finished the toilet was full of blood.  I tried to shrug it off like a normal american guy, but about an hour later blood was soaking through my cargo pants (I know I'm old).  I was upset enough to go to my doctor who sent me to a specialist.  He inflated me like a fucking party balloon and used an endoscope to look at the relevant area.  I had a huge polype that had torn and bled.  I had surgery and it was removed.  Because of this, my dad and my little brother both had to have colonoscopies.  Both found polyps.  Thanksgiving was awkward, but we all understood that it was a good thing.  The problem was, we were having a family feud at the time with my dads family and weren't talking to them.  About three years ago, my uncle died of colon cancer.  If only we had been talking at the time his little girl might still have a dad.  It fucking sucks, but a colonoscopy is something you should get excited about.  Whatever you drink with the dieretic medicine will be forever ruined for you, but it is a small price to save your life.  I will be happy to answer any questions anyone might have.
Celebrity deaths rarely affect me, and I wasnt even a big fan of his, but this death is hitting me hard.

This dude was famous as hell, but he didnt say a word. He silently battled an unwinnable fight, all while working on films to provide for his family and bring joy to his fans. He didnt need to make movies or appearances, but he kept at it anyway.

Its every bit as sad as it is awe inspiring. We should all feel lucky to have witnessed someone like him.
I watched him last night in Black Panther thinking "I can't wait to see him in BP2". 😢
I caught a glimpse of him [at the premiere of "21 Bridges"](https://tomandlorenzo.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Chadwick-Boseman-Stephan-James-21-Bridges-New-York-Special-Screening-Red-Carpet-Fashion-Etro-Dunhill-Tom-Lorenzo-Site-2.jpg) at AMC Lincoln Square last November. What a loss. RIP
Terrible news. 
It’s basically meaningless to his family, but he went out on a high note with Da 5 Bloods. I guess it’s something to celebrate. Far, far too young though. R.I.P, king.
This was no place to die...
Jeez. That is just so sudden and so fucking depressing.

He was an amazing actor and not just from his time with Marvel. Way too fucking young, way too fucking young.

Honestly? They gotta retire the Black Panther character. It would be ridiculous to recast him at this point because he was too good AND it would just remind everyone how upsetting losing Boseman was.

RIP. Fuck Cancer.
Chadwick Boseman was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer at age 39. I was diagnosed with stage III colon cancer at age 26. Every day I’m thankful to be here.

You are NOT too young for colorectal cancer. If you’re having irregular bowel movements, or blood in your stool  GO SEE A DOCTOR.

Early age colorectal cancer is on the rise. If it can happen to a superhero, it can happen to you. Learn the symptoms, learn the signs, get screened.
Wtf this is horrible
Which gives all the jokes about him looking tired of taking pics doing the wakanda forever pose new light. Dude not only filmed movies, did press, but also gave his energy to taking pictures with excited fans.
I have spent the time since learning about his death searching for interviews he gave in the past few years. He often answered questions about how his career was skyrocketing. Imagine answering those questions knowing you had aggressive cancer.
What!? I didn’t even know he was sick...
No way. That can’t be real. No.
I was wondering why for a movie like Black Panther that made more than a billion, there wasn't much news on a sequel. Marvel execs probably knew about his illness and wanted to see how it progresses before starting production.
I’ve had this reddit username for years now and it suddenly aged like milk... RIP
Fuck 2020
Don’t search by controversial, 

It’s honestly sad and depressing how fucked some people are.


Rip Chadwick.
I know this doesn't mean much, but a family member of mine got to work closely with him during the film 42, she did the costumes and said he could not have been a more down to earth, nice person. Treated everyone from the wardrobe to catering with the same respect, talked to you as if he'd known you for years and was just a stand up guy all around. RIP to a true legend.
He was diagnosed in 2016. He spent the last few years of his life doing what he loved most. It absolutely kills me that people bullied him for his appearance, which led him to restrict IG comments and even delete photos. He was incredibly humble. Rest in heaven.
That guy seriously had some real friends and family around him. For this to not get out until the day he died without some scummy person leaking it means that everyone around him that knew respected his wishes and valued his privacy more than the bit of money they may have made from releasing this to the press or the self gratification they may have gotten from gossiping with their own circle. Serious respect to anyone he confided in before his passing.
Hello, I’m Nicolas Cage and welcome to Ask Me Anything

Thank you to everyone who tuned into our chat this afternoon. It was a real pleasure for me to have some communication with all of you. As I’m sure you might know, I’m not normally on social media so it’s nice to meet you and to talk about all sorts of fun things, and especially the movies.

&#x200B;

From Lionsgate: Massive Talent is in theaters everywhere April 22.
Would you do a face off 2?
What genre of movies do you like best?
Have you kept in contact with David Lynch?
Do you like bees?
What's your favourite pasta shape?
The moderators received a lovely message from Lionsgate and Nic's team after the AMA concluded! Sharing it here with all of you who made this AMA so great :)

https://i.imgur.com/foER3eW.png

*Transcription*

>Hello, Just wrapped with Nicolas. Wanted to say a giant THANK YOU to Reddit and the Movie Mods for helping us host this AMA. He had such a great time. Said it was the best part of his day. If he had more time on his schedule, I’m convinced he would’ve kept going! Until next time
Hi Nic, huge fan here. How do you feel about your weird but extremely dedicated fandom, like us on r/onetruegod?
Did you enjoy filming in Dubrovnik? What a nice town.
Who is a director you would like to work with?
You and Pedro seemed like you had so much fun making this movie; what is one story you don’t mind sharing that you haven’t yet about your experience with filming and working with Pedro?
Evening sir! 

What movie can you watch over and over and still not get bored?
Face/Off is one of my favorite action movies. How did you go through the process of learning to portray a different actor? Thanks for all you do!
What is your dream role that you have yet to complete?
Lord of War is one of my favorite examples of “there’s a lot more to this” in cinema. Do you feel like this movie impacted your career significantly?
If only 3 of your films could be preserved for posterity, which 3 would you choose?
What's the movie quote you hate most when strangers holler it at you in public?
Who is your favorite character in all of literature and film?
Hello good man,

What are your favourite non-work-related hobbies?
Hi, did you keep the snakeskin jacket (a symbol of individuality and belief in personal freedom) from Wild at Heart?
Will there be another National Treasure?
Is there a performance of yours you feel gets misunderstood by fans who turn it into a meme or gag?
One of your most fascinating performances to me was as Big Daddy in Kick-Ass. When you were crafting that performance, was Adam West the biggest inspiration for your superhero persona, or were there other sources you felt you drew more heavily from?

Thank you, and have a great day!
Ethan Hawke said that you're the first actor since Marlon Brando to do something new with the art of acting. Any thoughts on that?
"Pig" was an absolutely incredible film, what drew you to that project, and why do you think that it struck a cord with so many people?
Hey Nick, what would be your opening chess move?
I have a 2 regarding the movie Willy's Wonderland. Did you or the director decide that you would not say a single word the whole movie, and 2, everytime you went to "recharge" (grab a can from 6 pack) was it secretly filled with alcohol or anything like that?
What are your thoughts on doing an International Treasure?
What's on page 47?
Have you seen Leaving Las Vegas recently? I think that is my all time favorite Nicolas Cage performance. How do you feel thinking back on Leaving Las Vegas and your performance in it?
Favorite period in history?
Would you ever return to playing Ghost Rider if Marvel asked you to?
Hi, Nic! Really looking forward to *Massive Talent*, it looks like you and Pedro had a blast making it. I just have three questions:

1) What is your favorite part of preparing for a new role?

2) What’s your all-time favorite horror movie?

3) I know you have a love of the silent era, especially the German expressionist stuff. What’s your favorite silent film?
Mr. Cage, you have been one of my favorite actors for my entire life. I cannot WAIT to see Unbearable weight of Massive Talent, multiple times in theaters when it comes out. I have two questions, both similar. 

1. What has been your most challenging role to get in to character each day to film?

2. What is your favorite character that you've ever portrayed?
Dear Mr. Travolta,

How has life changed for you since changing faces with Nicholas Cage? Do you regret the decision or would you do it again?
What kind of car do you drive?  If you have more than one, what's your favorite and why is it a 1967 Ford GT500? :)
Do you still own Eleanor and drive her reguarly?
Thoughts on Abed's lecture on you in community?
I am really sorry my family and I went up to you in that Ice Cream Shop in Disneyland, and asked for a picture. Everyone started swarming after that while you were just trying to enjoy some family time.
Nic,

Throughout the pandemic my friends and I watched every single one of your movies. You got us through the pandemic. One a week. We even made [membership cards](https://imgur.com/a/Wb5rHbv). So, thank you. We even watched an after school special you did and the History of Swearing. 

My question is, there are many segments that are things reported as you just doing as suggestions for a role, such as the jelly bean martini in Ghost Rider. Do you have any small bits you are particularly proud of that you’ve improvised or added in to a character?
What’s your rarest Elvis memorabilia? Thanks for the great movie roles over the years! ✌🏻
Hi Nicolas Cage :)

What is, in your opinion, the most bat-shit ludicrous scene you’ve ever shot, and was it a fun experience or were you obliged to suffer for your fine craft?
Hi Mr. Cage!

A couple of years ago I marathoned 29 direct-to-video movies you made between 2010-2020. I wrote mini-reviews/thoughts for each one and detailed them in a Reddit post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/ffyvir/nicolas_cage_made_29_directtovideo_movies_in_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf).

I would never have expected it to cross your path, but here you are on Reddit doing an AMA, and I will regret it forever if I don’t take a shot getting a comment from you. I can’t wait to show my kids some of your more eclectic work as they get older, and experience truly one of the most unique actors out there. I can’t wait to see your new movie. It looks every bit as great as I imagined when I first heard of it.
Did you cry at the end of City of Angels? Cuz I did.
[deleted]
National Treasure 3. When?
What film that’s not your own are you most looking forward to this year?
Thank you for:

The Rock

Face-off

Con Air
Do you have any stories from the set of "Raising Arizona"? It's my all-time favorite movie.
I don’t really wanna ask anything, I just want to thank you for the years of entertainment you’ve brought me. Hope all is well!
What’s the role “that got away” that keeps you up at night? What movie or opportunity did you miss out on that you regret?
Just wanted to say you’re a National Treasure!
If during the multiverse movies, Marvel asked you to play Ghost Rider again, would you? Also, thanks for so many entertaining performances over the years!
What is a role you would love to play, but the odds of the movie happening are zero?
The Rock is one my favorite movies and I have fond memories of watching it with my dad. 
Can you share any memories of working with Sean Connery?
# NICE TRY, JOHN TRAVOLTA
Hi, I’m Tobey Maguire, actor/executive producer of BABYLON and occasional superhero. AMA!

Loved you in Lord of the Rings man
Hey Tobey, how does it feel to be an MTV best kiss award winner?
I love you
Hey Tobey, did you keep anything cool from the set of the Spider-Man trilogy?
Thank you for all the great questions. Looks like there's around 7,000 comments. I wanted to answer them all but Reddit told me my time is up. Just kidding, I'm getting together with Damien and some of the cast to go to say hi to some audiences that are seeing Babylon today in theaters.

Love you guys! Is LYG a thing? If it's not, now it is.
hi toby!

which character have you played has a personality closest to yours in real life?
What's your favourite pasta shape?
Hi, you’ll always be spider man to me! Who’s your favorite superhero?
Are you Tobey Maguire?
What's your favorite music genre and band? Do you like the band Green Day?
What is the one thing you hope achieve in life? And do you feel like you have already achieved it?
Can you still do "the dance"?
Hey Tobey, loved you since I was a kid! 
What is a role you would love to play in the future?
Hey, Tobey. How do you feel about all the memes that have been made about you throughout the years? Love them? Hate them? Neutral about them?
If only one of your films could be preserved for posterity, which would you choose?
Hi Tobey! Loved your scene in *Babylon* and loved the movie on the whole. The bit where you character is reading out his movie plot ideas while his henchman is spitting in the background feels like an homage to *Boogie Nights*. What was it like shooting this scene? I love how tense, yet hilarious it was!
Hi Tobey, hopefully you could answer a question for a long time fan. My question is could you give me a ride to work for the next month or so? It’s about 40 minutes away. I can get a ride home, but I have to be there at 6am M-F
Who is more handsome Brad Pitt or Leonardo DiCaprio?
Hey Tobey, who do you like more, Garfield or Holland?
Mr. Maguire,

First, a thank you - for doing this Q&A and for being a reason why I like superheroes (and Spider-Man in particular). For whatever it’s worth, I think my favorite scene in the films is Peter telling Aunt May the truth about surrounding Uncle Ben’s death - it makes me tear up every time and I’ve always found it to be a powerful sequence, thanks to you and Rosemary Harris. 

Now the question: 20 years after the original Raimi Spider-Man debuted, what are your thoughts on the lasting appeal of the trilogy and how the films still resonate with people today?

Side note, if you haven’t checked it out before, I recommend browsing r/raimimemes! It’s safe to say that over there you’ve become something of an icon.
 Hi Tobey, 

Have you ever had any romantic experiences with an animal?

Thanks!
Hi Toby.

What is your favorite memory of filming "Satan's Alley" with Kirk Lazarus?
Hey Tobey, how's your back?
Hi Tobey! I'm a massive fan of yours and seeing you come back into major productions has been such a delight. You look fantastic in Babylon and I'm ecstatic to see it!

My question is: with taking a 14 year hiatus from the role of Peter Parker, and then coming back to see mass love, appreciation, excitement, and seeing literal grown men cry like babies in theaters when you appeared, has it given you a new perspective on the role? Did you feel the significance of putting that suit back on when you saw the theater reactions (not to mention Box Office as well), and are you content with closing that chapter of your life?
Hi Tobey,

I just want to thank you for “Pleasantville”. It’s one of my favorite films, and you do such a great job with the character of David/Bud. Everyone in the cast has great chemistry.

Any funny or touching anecdotes from making the film?

Thanks!
What are your thoughts on wearing shoes inside the house?
[deleted]
Tell me more about BABYLON
Hey Tobey, how do you feel about how they \~unofficially\~ depicted you in Molly's Game?

Edit: Thanks for my first awards kind strangers. NOW BRING ME SPIDER-MAN
Hey Tobey, would you rather fight 100 duck sized Leonardo DiCaprios or one Leonardo DiCaprio sized duck?
It’s very rare for actors to do voice acting for their video game counterpart. Was it part of your contract that you had to do the voice acting for the Spider-Man video games? Or was it something you asked to do?
Hi. Loved you in Seabiscuit. At a time when you were playing meek Peter Parker, it was fantastic to see you as someone rough and guarded. 

Your return in spiderman no way home was one of the absolute highlights of the entire MCU (Youre my spiderman. Always will be!) And I'm curious if you'd star with Andrew Garfield in any other projects as you seemed to have excellent chemistry.

Keep up the good work
[removed]
can you bring me pictures of spiderman?
[deleted]
>I did see the Bully Maguire videos, which was a funny discovery.

  
I'm the creator of a bunch of Bully Maguire videos like Bully Maguire kills the Winter Soldier, Maguirepool, and Bully Maguire on Family Feud and I'm just here to say we did it guys.  
  
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓▒░░▒▓▒▒▒░░░░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░▒▒█▓▒▒▒░░▒▒▒▓███▒░░░░░  
░░░░░░░████░░░░▓▓▓█▓▓▓████▒░░░  
░░░░░░███▓░░░░░▓▓▓████░▓███▓░░  
░░░░░████▒░░░░░▓▓▓▓███░░████░░  
░░░░░░██████▓████████░▒█████░░  
░░░░░░░▒▓██████████████████░░░  
░░░░░░░░░░▓███████████████░░░░  
░░░░░░░░░░██████████████▓░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░░███████████████▒░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░█████████████████░░░░░  
░░░░░░░██████████████████▒░░░░  
░░░░░░████████████████████░░░░  
░░░░░▒████████████████████▒░░░  
░░░░░▓█████████████████████░░░  
░░░░░░▒▓▓▓▓███████████████▓░░░  
░░░░░░░░░░███████████████░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░▒████████████████░░░░░  
░░░░░░░░█████████░▓██████▒░░░░  
░░░░░░░▒████████░░▒██████▓░░░░  
░░░░░░░███████▓░░░░██████▓░░░░  
░░░░░░▓██████▒░░░░░██████▒░░░░  
░░░░░▒██████▒░░░░░░▒█████▒░░░░  
░░░░░██████░░░░░░░░░▒█████░░░░  
░░░░░▒▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓▓▓▓░░░░
"Now dig on this"

Hi Tobey. Have you seen any of the memes you have starred in? What's your opinion on them?
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Hey Tobey Maguire!!!!!!! [I made an outfit that consists of entirely your face as emo Peter Parker from Spider-Man 3.](https://preview.redd.it/iwoghjft5lt61.png?width=1423&format=png&auto=webp&s=4f906af10625f55401050e2666604f869b80bbd2) Hope ya like it!! DO YA?? HA. (Would love to get it signed some day, at least the heart-shaped bag anyway, I get LOTS of compliments on it.) Thanks for being so goofy in that movie. So fun.  


Would you ever consider appearing at a comic-con?

Also saw Brittany Runs a Marathon in theaters because you produced it. Great movie! OK BYEEE.
Disney Reinstates Director James Gunn For ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy 3’

[Gunn has confirmed this on his Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/BvCkyD6AN3w/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=309i4kdlyf0s)
"Sorry James, you're fired"

"Ok, I guess I'll go do that DC comics movie"

"wait..."
*James Gunn slowly materializes from dust*

Edit: ~~Fun~~ Reddit gold isn't something one considers when balancing the universe. But this... does put a smile on my face.
>Marvel Studios has agreed to commence production on Guardians of the Galaxy 3 after Gunn completes Suicide Squad 2. 
  
Imagine telling someone in 2016 that James Gunn would be fired from GOTG, hired to do a Suicide Squad sequel, and then re-hired to do GOTG 3 *after* he finishes up Suicide Squad. It's so weird even *with* context now. 
I guess you can unfire a Gunn.
Legendary outlaw, James Gunn?
I'm guessing this means Bautista will return?

Edit: I get it, he was always there/mastered the art of standing incredibly still. Stop beating that invisible horse.
Holy shit. It's a Michael Scott story!
This is shocking. I think everyone had gave up on the idea of this being a possibility a long time ago. Personally, I'm really excited to see how James Gunn ends the trilogy.
Cue the spontaneous combustion of Reddit.
Holy shit, what a week for the MCU!
The correct decision, I heard Feige never wanted him fired in the first place, so this is a good call.
I can't believe he gets to do both Suicide Squad and finish his Guardians trilogy, this is AWESOME
HEAR ME AND REJOICE! GUARDIANS 3 IS SAVED!!! 2 HOURS OF ROCKET AND NEBULA AWKWARD CONVERSATION HERE WE COME!!!
OOGA CHAKA INTENSIFIES
*Batista has entered the chat*
*Why the change of heart? After the firing, Walt Disney Studios president Alan Horn met with Gunn on multiple occasions to discuss the situation. Persuaded by Gunn’s public apology and his handling of the situation after, Horn decided to reverse course and reinstate Gunn.*

Gunn handled everything the right way and had the entire cast on his side. This was the right move for everyone.
From what I hear, GOTG 3 has an incredible script. That franchise is his baby. What he said years ago was bad, but he apologized for it years and years BEFORE this happened. They knew about this when they hired him. They did to him what studios should have been done to Polanski or Allen, even though he never actually did the act and APOLOGIZED for the tweets. I am happy we're getting the conclusion.
Good. James Gunn is the fuckin' poster-child for a guy who CHANGED his behavior ON HIS OWN without first being caught. He spoke OPENLY about it for YEARS and still Disney fired him. This was ridiculous from day one. He self-corrected. That's what we want people to do. He didn't need to be forced into an apology. 
I was just listening to the GOTG vol 2. soundtrack this morning and thought to myself, I really hope they use his script. And I hope they ask for his guidance in what songs to use... Then I just read this post and thought... 

      GUARDIANS OF THE GALXY VOL. 3: A NEW HOPE
The fact that they never made any real effort to replace him (according to the article) leads me to believe this was the plan all along.

"Hey, James, we're ***finger quotes*** 'firing' you and moving back GotG3. Go produce something for Sony to mess with the superman mythos and we'll rehire you to direct the delayed movie when this has blown over a bit."

*sigh* "He wasn't supposed to go help Warner Brother's. Get him back here."
So what happens to Suicide Squad 2?
"Congratulations, you managed to un-fuck the situation you originally fucked up." - Ice Cube, *22 Jump Street*
I was having a really shitty day at work but after seeing this all my problems just dissolved 
So no one would take the gig so they HAD to rehire him, I guess.
I'm assuming Dave Bautista will also be coming back too!
I'm Mary Poppins y'all
I think Gunns gracious handling of the situation played a huge role in his rehiring. He never bit the hand that fed him and it probably played a big role in his rehiring.
https://tenor.com/view/james-gunn-jamesgunn-gotg2-guardiansinferno-gif-9417628
Well, shit. Good on them for swallowing their pride and owning up to that. 
I’m completely chalking this up to the Batista “Give me what I want” promo from Raw earlier this week. Disney just couldn’t deny him any longer 🤷🏽‍♂️
OMG... This news is fucking amazing!!!!!!

I'm 1000% hyped for GotG3 now.
So now DC and Marvel are officially sharing a director. Dope! Glad to see that both franchises can operate without rivalry dividing them
I cannot remember the last time I shouted with joy at reading something in the news. I am beyond happy right now.
I don't even remember what he did "wrong"

Edit: I have been reminded what he did wrong
So is he doing both Suicide Squad 2 and Guardians of the Galaxy 3? Something about that feels strange...
As payback, he’s going to get Ewe Boll to direct the action scenes.
He is gonna be the first director to double dip in the Marvel vs DC pretend war. 
I honestly, as much as I had wished and hoped, did not see this ever happening. Well I'll be damned. I'm a huge MCU fan, and am happy to be alive in what I feel like a golden era for film, especially that the biggest stuff happening in the movie theaters feels like it's catered personally to ME! My own personal taste, stuff I grew up with.

&#x200B;

And now, to see that Disney won't let themselves be bullied into taking away a director that fully understands what makes these movies great. Thank you Disney.
A wrong has been righted. 
Sorting by controversial what a shit show of Trump's puppets
(Batista threatens to quit)

"This is gonna work, Dave."

"I know it will. Because I don't know what I'm gonna do if it doesn't."
Leo gets the Oscar!

Reaction and speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJx0kxexPmc

Edit: Another source: [here](http://volume.vox-cdn.com/embed/8b7a111f0?placement=lede&tracking=article%3Alede&player_type=null&start_time=null#ooid=1za2dmMTE6T_MwuZ7n_ExBrfUVJHA-0T) and [here](https://cdn.video.playwire.com/1003055/videos/4644864/video-sd.mp4?hosting_id=1003055)

Someone is surely rushing to take those down very quickly.
Finally, Leo is free of having to choose interesting, challenging roles.  He can pull a reverse McConaughey, and spend the rest of his career making B-grade action flicks and shitty rom-coms.
Tomorrow's date:

1/1/1 L.D.
So... What do we joke about now?
[deleted]
They didn't dare "play him out"
[deleted]
http://hasleowonanoscar.com/
[Or did he?](http://i.imgur.com/apusKBP.gifv)
Waiting for Steve Harvey to come out 
We just watched the death of a meme on television. The future is now. 
Maybe the quickest rising self post I've ever seen
[about time](http://images.scribblelive.com/2016/2/29/e9c4c0e9-49d6-4978-8c81-c6154be6aeae.gif)
Wanted him to just stand up and say "About fucking time" and walk off
http://i.imgur.com/btK2W0k.gifv

Edit 1 : Thank You for the ~~gold~~ *Oscar* ,Old Sport

Edit 2 : Credit to  u/Pictoline
http://i.imgur.com/5QomKNN.png
Guys, serious for a minute. Is anyone seeing Leo only talking on his left side?
[deleted]
BIG BALLIN'  BEAR BRAWLIN' LEO BABY
Finally. Rip to DiCaprio memes
That's it reddit, we can die in peace now.
I WOULD LIKE TO DANK THE ACADEMY
>moments ago

>2000 points

jfc guys

Edit: 40k in half an hour, holy shit
Congrats to Leo!!!

http://imgur.com/R8D6UL8 
THE MEME BANK IS IN RUIN 
This had like 50,000 upvotes at one point, what happened?
Self post? You fool!
comments are going so fast no one will know i'm gay.
http://i.imgur.com/GREEEzI.gif
Now I only have one less Oscar than Leo
Half Life 3 Confirmed
http://m.imgur.com/iKWAAhm
INB4 top post of all time
We did it Reddit!
Now everyone can shut up.
http://i.imgur.com/vwMin.gif
"Climate change is real. It is happening right now."

Leo finally gets an Oscar, and what does he do? Use it to preach a serious cause.

Good on him.
He did it. He finally did it. The memes. They are over, it's all over. 
Now reddit can sleep.
What happened to all the upvotes?
I swear last night it was at 40K or smth. 
now 4810?
WEW
I really believed that bear was gonna tackle him before he got the Oscar.

http://i.imgur.com/B0j7aYH.gifv
"Where were you the day when Leo Dicaprio won the Oscar grandad?"

"Well roehn117 the third, I was witnessing something even more magnificent. A reddit post reached almost fifty thousand karma in just over an hour!"

"No way grandpa, numbers don't even go that high!"

"Listen here boy, back in my day we could count past 10/10 without even needing rice"
http://m.imgur.com/QdEUkuP?r.gifv

50k to 5k upvotes. This meme tax is getting out of hand. 
Is there a video of Leonardo dicaprio drowning cute kittens?  Can someone please explain to me how a post can go from 45,000 to less than 5,000!?
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0865 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/69471)
UP WE GO 

http://imgur.com/SKeY7l6
Banter is over! Let today mark the end of all internet jokes and memes!

LEONARDO DI CAPRIO HAS WON!
I'm glad they gave it to him before he fucking KILLED HIMSELF LIKE HE ALMOST DID IN THE REVENANT.
This'll get buried but I lost a bet and now I have to suck my own cock since Leo won

edit: if you guys have any tips PM me 

update: about an inch away from it is as close as I've been able to get, I'll keep trying and will post proof when I make it

update 2: mom calling me down for dinner and I said that I'm busy... not sure what my life has come to but I got my eyes on the prize and I'm not quitting 

update 3: I was straining so hard right now I farted and almost shit on my bed but we're good guys still in business 

update 4: I'm staring to worry my penis isn't long enough ladies PM me some motivation and let's get this thing growing

update 5: oh okay... maybe let's not do that... I'm not sure what I expected 

update 6: I'm getting closer guys... the implications of succeeding are starting to dawn on me, I will never need another girlfriend again if this works out... but I'm ready to start a new chapter in my life

update 7: It has been 4 hours since I successfully sucked my own penis. Things are different now. As soon as mouth-to-penis contact was made I felt a shockwave through my body. I have reason to believe I have super strength and telekinesis now.. 3 hours after contact I noticed a van parked on my street but no one has entered or exited the car since its arrival. I fear for my safety, I'm not sure what sort of power I may have stumbled upon but it's possible that the government has found out. If I don't update this again please send help. 
To the top of all time! 
[deleted]
Didn't this have nearly 50,000 upvotes last night? what happened?
[deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4890 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/56583)
How did this post go from 44k upvotes a few hours ago, to just under 12k now?
This post was at 25K when I went to bed, I wake up and it's at less than 7K. What gives?
60k points to 5k
From 40k upvotes to less than 5k upvotes. Wtf reddit?
I'm very interested in seeing how many points this post will get, until it mysteriously just goes back down to 4 thousand in a couple hours.
Top post of all time.

Bullshit algorithm reducing the points.
THIS FUCKING POST IS 2 MINUTES OLD AND HAS 300 COMMENTS AND 1100 VOTES 

#WHAT THE FUCK

EDIT ONE MINUTE LATER: **500 COMMENTS AND 2000 POINTS**

EDIT THATS 10 FUCKING THOUSAND POINTS IN LESS THAN TEN MINUTES.

EDIT AT 15 MINUTES AND 22K POINTS THIS POST RANKS #14 ON REDDITS **ALL-FUCKING-TIME TOP POSTS**

EDIT HEY BITCHES DONT GET COCKY, LOOK AT [/R/ALL/TOP](https://www.reddit.com/r/all/top/) THIS STILL HAS A WAY TO GO BEFORE THE TOP POST OF ALL TIME.

#EDIT 40,000 POINTS AT ALMOST EXACTLY 30 MINUTES PUTS THIS AT *NUMBER 3 ALL TIME TOP POST*

Edit: 45,491 points 30 minutes later. I am disappoint.

Edit: The number is probably decreasing due to reddit's vote fuzzing and the algorithm that allows pages to 'decay' off the front page after a while. Come back tomorrow for the final tally.

______

Edit one week later: Down to 5000 and change. I don't know what happened but it looks pretty fucky to me.

___

**One year edit!** Reddit "allowed" all points to show a while back, so now we can see its true total sits at roughly 141,500. The number is still fuzzed so I can't say the exact number. As of 07/27/17 it is the number 9 top post of all time across all of reddit. 
So this hit 40k in under an hour, now it's down to a relatively mediocre (for the front page) 4.8k? The algorithm is fucking retarded.
Why did this go down to 5000 upvotes? It was around 50,000 last night
What happened to all the upvotes? After about 30 minutes it had about 43,000 upvotes, then it decreased to about 4,000
This might be THE fastest upvoted post in Reddit history. 6K+ upvotes in 6 minutes.
I don't think I've ever seen a post reach the front page so fast.
https://hasdicapriowonanoscaryet.com/ 
Anyone notice that this is OPs first post in 3 years?
Can someone explain why this went from 16k+ upvotes to 4.8k upvotes.
https://38.media.tumblr.com/2adbe13d7ccc610a31b8997e18daa8e9/tumblr_n1tt5pye191rpmo4ho1_400.gif
SELL YOUR MEME SHARES

MARKET CRASHING

BRING YOUR TRUCK, BRING YOUR TRAILER

REDDIT SERVERS UNABLE TO COPE
Holy heck what happened? Last night when I went to sleep it was still at 44K. Rigged! 
You know the vote-capping algorithm is fucked when this post goes from one of the top all time (it would have been 3rd) to outside of the top 40 in the "past 24 hours" (42 as of the time of this comment). 
What the hell happened to the 44,000+ votes?
#57305

That's the number we need to beat for the top spot of all time. 
About 4 hours ago this post had over 40,000 up votes. What happened? Leo deserves it.
This post had over 50k upvotes last night..
Is it just me or is this post being down voted like crazy? Last night this was at 45,000 upvotes and now it's 5000. Does anyone know what is going on?
[deleted]
I remember when this post was at 43,000 upvotes.. 
Turn off the internet, we're done here
Am I the only who saw this post having 45k upvotes 9 hours ago?
Is it just me or did this post lose A LOT of upvotes over night?
Where did all the upvotes go,? 
what the fuck this should have been top post why is it 5K, fuck the algorithm
Why did the score go from 40000k to 4000?
Can anyone link his acceptance speech?

edit: link below.
[Leo walking off stage.](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/070/279/leostrutoriginal.jpg) 
This moment is probably more important for Reddit than it is for Leo.
[deleted]
wtf this had 40k upvotes, now its 16k!
When I saw this post it had 19,000 points. Now it has 14,300 points. What the hell? Who is downvoting this?
How is it possible that 5 hours ago this post had 45k upvotes and now only 10k with the same voting percentage??? 
hold the fuck up last night this post had nearly 45,000 upvotes and now it has about 10k? whats going on?
I've never seen a post rise and fall so fast (45k upvotes down to 5k upvotes in 12h)
I've seen posts get karma gutted but this is ridiculous
What on earth happened to the 40,000+ upvotes this had?
But the votes... Where is the fun? Such a great moment and we get repressed by a machine?
Happy for Leo, although I really did enjoy the meme.
http://i.imgur.com/JmV2y12.png 

The power of dubs
[Caught a gif of Leo right before the announcement](https://media.giphy.com/media/LRVnPYqM8DLag/giphy.gif)
About Fucking time.
#This post was at over 50,000 upvotes earlier. Now it's only showing 22,000. The number keeps dropping. Why the fuck does Reddit do this?
Sniped that post
Who will take his place?
http://i.imgur.com/X8PjYUY.jpg
What the hell happened, this was at 40,000 upvotes, down to 12,000...
45k to 8k. What?
Can someone explain to me what happened to the upvotes on this? This morning I thought it was way over 40k, then 12k, now it's only 7k? There can't be that many downvotes on this?
Why has this dropped from nearly 20,000 upvotes to almost 7,000 in just a couple of hours?
Are you all fucking morons? How could it have been downvoted 30K times and still have 97% upvotes... Reddit's algorithm to keep posts from staying at the top forever is what causes this
I can't believe that this post went from 42,000 upvotes down to led then 7,000.  What the fuck is that all about? 
This post was at 40k last night and now only 6k??
To answer the question being asked over and over. 

Reddit has a soft capping system that kicks in for highly voted submissions. It helps normalize them to other submissions. Contrary to popular belief the number displayed is not upvotes, but rather points. Upvotes are only one component of points. I believe points may return to normal after some period of time, but I am not sure of the current status of that. It was being discussed at one point.  [Read more here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/changelog/comments/3g6ghn/reddit_change_the_scores_of_extremelypopular/)
No music to end Leo's speech motherfucker 
Sir Sean Connery dies aged 90

:( I shall never forget the Scottish Russian accent.

"Nuclear ballistic submarine Red October."
Lived a nice long life what more can you ask for. RIP
My favourite film with him in is Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. He was perfect. RIP.
90s a good age. It's a shame we didn't get more of him after The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.
r/oldschoolcool is going to be busy today.
All I know is I was his flight attendant one time and even after I slightly spilled his cranberry juice (I was nervous) instead of being a jerk he said “ it’s alright love” that what I remember the most. Oh and that he helped me clean it up. But I also did grow up with him as the face of Bond*s
Will always be known as *the* James Bond.

Also, one of my favorite Connery lines from Middle-School:

"Welcome to th'rock"
In a quiet room Sean Connery, satisfied with a life well lived, beckons over a nurse.  He is short of time and it is clear his time is coming.

She cranes close to him as he whispers:
"Tell Trebeck his mother'sh a whore"

Edit: fixed spelling
RIP to the OG James Bond
Cinematic legend.
He died in his sleep. That's the best anyone can ask for

Rest in peace
Damn... just yesterday i was checking out the recent stuff he did (nothing since like 2005) and i was wondering how he was holding up. RIP Mr Bond.
"Losers always whine about doing their best. Winners go home and fuck the promqueen".

Rest in peace, legend!
But... he drank from the chalice?
Honestly didn't realise the guy was that old. Really big name to lose. RIP.
Second actor to portray James Bond to die after Roger Moore. We lost another legend today.
Some of my favorite memories are watching Connery as James Bond with my dad. Both of them gone now. I’m kinda sad.
A real loss, but at least he lived a genuine legendary life which he must have been able to take pleasure in since his retirement.
I just rewatched Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (my favourite Indy movie) and his chemistry with Harrison Ford was the best thing about it. RIP :(
One of my favorite Sean Connery stories is where he was out with Micheal Caine and they had basically been confronted by four guys at a bar who wanted to steal Sean Connery's jacket. Micheal Caine [would explain that Sean Connery beat all of them up.](https://www.mi6-hq.com/news/index.php?itemid=8992#:~:text=Sir%20Michael%20Caine%20has%20told,with%20Sean%20and%20Terence%20Stamp.)
[deleted]
90yo, in Bahamas in his sleep. There're worst ways to die. Sleep weel Sir
RIP Marko Ramius
RIP Sean. Just recently rewatched the early Bond movies. Great great actor.
Alex Trebek gets the last laugh
Tremendous movie star. There are so few with his charisma.
I am both shaken and stirred by this news

RIP Sir Connery
RIP homie. 

You’re the man now dog!
My jaw actually dropped when the first notification popped up on my phone. I just wasn’t expecting it. What an absolute bummer. 

Sean was The Bond.
He died aged 90 in his sleep in his house on the Bahamas. Lucky man.
Give me an F Vasily, one F only please.
Resht it peash
I'll take S-words...
Fuck. Genuinely upset by this. My favourite Bond, loved him in Highlander, The Rock and HFRO... wow.
Looked great for 90. I can only hope to be that spry and lucid at the age he got to. RIP Mr Connery, you gave us a great gift.
Trebek did it...
This really bums me out...just like many others.  So on a lighter note.... 

What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon?

Around tennish!

RIP Dr. Jones
The most handsome man to have ever lived has died. 

Someone guard Idris Elba. 

For real, I’m sad. He was my favorite.  But there are worse ways to go than in your sleep at 90 in the Bahamas.
Please Bring Back Voice Actors, Stop Celebrity Voices

It's a shame Andrea Romano retired.

She would go through 250-300 applications for roles and tried to avoid casting popular celebrities for longterm roles because they might not be available on a regular basis.  At the same time, when she went with celebrity actors for roles, it was dynamite (Mark Hamill was first cast as the Joker by Romano).
There’s a difference between them fitting the role vs being cast to voice in order to bring the “big name.” That’s the issue. 

Robin Williams for the genie? Perfection.
Beyoncé as Nala in the lion king? No no no.
Cree Summers is a perfect example knew her from 'A different World' then she transitioned to voice acting and she's still amazing.
Live action Lion King was terrible because of Beyoncé and Donald Glover. I love Beyoncé and Donald is a great actor, but they were completely lifeless and boring. It was terrible.
I remember thinking how awesome it was as a kid watching Toy Story unfold with Tim Allen and Tom *Hanks as the stars.
You know, looking over the comments and everyone is mentioning the same people but I don’t think anyones mentioned one of the best, jk simmons. He’s legit great and whenever I see he’s a cartoon I get hyped. He’s a great air bender dad, a great detective, a great turtle, and he’s been the voice actor for jj jameson for a long time, and he does all this while being in live action and winning Oscar’s.
One of the funnier, annoying things is when they model the character after the voice actor. Like most of the point of animation is you can make anything, I don't need to see a dog that looks like Seth Rogen.
Some celebrities transitioned surprisingly well to voice acting. Mark Hamill goes without saying. Also, Freddie Prinze Jr. - generic ‘90’s heartthrob, weirdly good voice actor in the 2010s and beyond.
It's a mixed bag. I don't have a problem with it - so long as the celebrity can act using only their voice. Zac Efron as Fred was ehhhh, but Jason Isaacs as Dick Dastardly was fucking brilliant (though to be fair, he has a lot of experience doing voice work in addition to screen work). 

What I don't dig is when the celebrity casting is done just for that AND displaces a well known VA, especially when that VA is known for that specific character. Again the example being Fred, considering Frank Welker was RIGHT THERE.
Voice actors never went away, they just largely migrated to TV, anime and video games.
You think you have it bad?  here in Mexico they use "influencers" youtubers and one actor (Derbez) that gives jobs to all of his family only.
The headline is a bit too absolute, but I agree in context "stunt casting" makes the work poorer though, like with some Studio Ghibli dubs. But Invincible, Finding Nemo, Monster's Inc, Toy Story, great performances too with big names. A double-edged sword, but you got to sell tickets. Broadway is pretty bad too, remember when every other American Idol winner found their way on stage?
I don't care if a celebrity's in a movie as long as they do the job well. Like Steve Carell in Despicable Me.
Countdown to the Super Mario Movie disaster.
I mean I agree, but its not going to stop anything. Some actors are great VAs too, but most are just used for the name and could have done better with real talent.
As long as they don't make movies like Shark Tale where the only selling point of the movie is the voice cameos, I don't really mind.
Mark Hamill is a killer voice actor. Robin Williams was too. Not every actor is a great voice actor
Mark Hamill would like a word.
Wait until they push in the YouTuber and Tiktokers like they are doing in Latin American Spanish dubs. :(

Actors are kind of decent because voice acting requires acting. I still prefer professional voice actors but actors are fine.
I don't go to any movie to see/hear a specific actor. Just make a good product. I don't care who's in it.
Wasn't this a reddit thread yesterday?
JK Simmons is a fantastic VA and actor. Man is major talented. He's one of the few I think make either work.
I agree and I disagree. 

So here's where I agree, no one saw the Lion King because of James Earl Jones, Jeremy Irons, or Matthew Broderick were in it. But there wasn't necessarily anyone I can think who'd beat them in those roles. I also didn't watch the Scoob movie because Matthew Lillard wasn't voicing Shaggy. Frank Welker wasn't Fred, and Griffin Grey wasn't Daphne. Why should I care. I don't care if Will Forte was Shaggy or Amanda Seyfreid was Daphne or Zac Efron was Fred and I don't care how well they did. Those other VO's have been doing the voice for decades.

Where I disagree is that voice acting is acting. Robin Williams slayed as the Genie, Eddie Murphy slayed as Donkey, Eartha Kitt was brilliant as Yzma, etc. Where I'm against it is using an actor as a catch. Ala Scoob!
At least the guys who do the english voices are actors.

In Germany we get second rate stand up comedians or YouTubers for " children movies"

I'm still mad that the Kingpin in Spider-Verse was just voiced by a Streamer....
Tim Curry still does great voice acting.
Comedians and actors have been giving great performances in animated movies for over 30 years. Like think of basically every Pixar movie. No reason to stop it because it works.
The Rock in Moana was pretty damn good
I worked on an animated film a couple of years ago. We got "scratch actors" in to record the first version of the script so that we had something to work on. They were professional voice actors. We had Will Friedle as one and Cree Summer as another. But they were there just to fill in before the parts were cast with "big name actors". Will Friedle in particular was hilarious. He brought so much to his temporary role, he added stuff himself that they ended up keeping in the script. And I felt kind of bad for him that he was this good and then they got a live action actor in to just rerecord his lines, and he never got the recognition he deserved for that. His performance was just fantastic. He got to do a couple of incidental voices in the final cut. But he should have been the character that he did the scratch records for. It was also pretty jarring to hear someone else in the final film after Cree had absolutely made that role her own. Now I'm not knocking the final actors, they were good. But I personally feel like Will Friedle and Cree Summer should have played their scratch characters in the final film. I also got super excited when I realised it was Will Friedle. I was a big Boy Meets World fan. I told the directors and anyone else I could find that day to tell them that OH MY GOD ERIC FROM BOY MEETS WORLD IS DOING THE SCRATCH! Everyone was just like, "who?" 😂
Like Billy West said in an interview, why blow money on expensive celebrities who don't even have any voice acting training, when you can get professional voice actors who can do multiple voices?

For the cost of one celeb, you could have, like, Jennifer Hale, Billy West, Tom Kenny, Charlie Adler, Cathy Cavadini, Tara Strong, E.G. Daily, Candi Milo, Jeff Bennett... etc. etc.
Just watched the new Chip and Dale movie recently and as much as I love John Mulaney and Andy Samberg, I just didn't feel like they fit at all for the voices of Chip and Dale.
Just simmer down and it’ll be just AI and celebs in a few years. Problem solved.
I can forgive celebrity voices if they are character actors. Some really great voices come out in animation when you let actors with really distinct voices or performances take centre stage or especially when you get them as side characters or a villain. Gary Oldman is legitimately chilling in Kung Fu Panda 2, Vincent Price is the best part about The Great Mouse Detective, Billy Crystal works as a fast talking salesman voice for Mike Wazowski or Jack Black as a weeb kung fu geek, those roles work because these guys were specifically cast for these actors and not simply to get star power. Much like Ginnifer Goodwin, who I only know from Once Upon a Time, playing a rabbit to the point where I can only see her in the role of a rabbit just as much as only Jason Bateman can play a sly fox.
That being said, give the legitimately trained voice actors the chance to flex, they are practically celebrities in this modern internet age. Anyone who cares knows who Grey DeLisle, Troy Baker, Nolan North, Tara Strong are.
I actually think The Rock does pretty well as a VA. He did great in Moana and the DC Super Pets movie was surprisingly hilarious. Kevin Hart held his own, too. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Hey everyone, Guillermo here. I wanted the Reddit community to be the first to see the official artwork for my new film, The Shape of Water. Enjoy!

Where’d you find a merman?
[deleted]
*Premise*

*In 1962, a mute janitor and her colleague work in a government laboratory and eventually discover an amphibious creature in a water tank, known as "The Asset". The janitor, out of loneliness, befriends the creature and falls in love.*


Currently sitting at 97% on RT with 60 reviews. Really excited for this one.
OCEAN MAN TAKE ME BY THE HAND LEAD ME TO THE LAND...
I have this funny thought in my head where Fox's marketing head is like

> Let's try to hype up this movie by using Guillermo's old Reddit account to promote The Shape Of Water. Anybody remember the password?

and then they end up having to call Guillermo to be like

> Hey can you please check your inbox for the Reddit password recovery link and then choose a new password and let us know what it is?
Is that a Drowner?
I love your work, and thanks for what you do. Just wanted to put that out there before the inevitable flood of comments.
im ready for sally hawkins’ oscar
Is that Abe?
Little did we know this would win best picture...
Well done Pappy McPoyle!
Does she get her shoe back?
Amazing poster, also, I am super exited for the movie!!!
I just want to say whether you see this or not, Mr. Del Toro Pan's Labyrinth changed my life and how I view film in general. I thank you for creating that film from the bottom of my heart. 
[deleted]
Your name’s on this poster 9 times. Do you think that’s a bit excessive?
Was very surprised to see that Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel had a movie in the making. Then I realized I’m an idiot. 
My wife is calling this the movie where the girl fucks a fish. I have to remind her that GDT is known for great movies with great storytelling.  

Can't wait!! 

Love me some Del Toro and pretty much anything Michael Shannon does :)
So my wife and I have this running joke about how our 7 Year old son is like a mini Guillermo Del Toro.

This kid can spend hours with a pencil and a pad of paper, fill out the WHOLE thing with creature after creature that he's drawn from his imagination.

Sometimes it's animal hybrids (crossed a bear with a gorilla, called it a bearilla.  That was my personal favorite), sometimes it's dinosaur hybrids (I remember an ankylosaurus crossed with a triceratops he called an ankylotops).  

But his main thing is different variations on giant monsters.  He LOVED Pacific Rim and Godzilla.  He likes to do different versions of Godzilla where he combines him with his favorite super heroes.  He's done all the Guardians of the Galaxy, all the MCU Avengers, every X-Man.

I honestly don't know what to do with all these drawings.

Edit:

Had some requests to see some stuff...  Here are just few things I happen to have on my phone from pictures I took to send to family members...

https://imgur.com/a/JQLLY

First I figured I'd put on the artist himself.  Chillin in his Teen Titans Go! shirt.

Next is a spread I made after finding a stack of these on my kitchen counter.  Top row is Bumblebee and Optimus Prime.  

Second row is an Orca Godzilla, some kind of skunk monster (?), Pterodactyl, then an Incredible Hulk Godzilla.

Third Row: Honestly not sure.  The second one I know is a Girl Godzilla we had to convince him to draw.  He's seven so anything girlish is a big no-go.

Fourth Row:  Iron Man Godzilla, then the rest I'm not sure.

Next pic down is a picture he drew of Gollum that I loved...

Then we get into the Guardians of the Galaxy.  First is Drax Godzilla, Groot Godzilla, Rocket Godzilla.  Then below it's Ego, Yondu and Star Lord. 
Thank you, Guillermo. This movie looks like everything I love about your style and aesthetic. 
Looks like a Drowner. How’d you like that silver?
OCEAN MAN. TAKE ME BY THE HAND
The poster sure says Guillermo Del Toro a lot.
Hey, Tell Hideo i said 'hi'. he'll know what it means
ooooooooOOOOOOCEAN MAAAN
Dear Mr. Guillermo, 

I just wanted to say how much I love and am grateful for your creations. You are one of the many reasons I am glad to be alive at this time in history.  Because you create new worlds and characters that reflect reality in such a powerful, but understated way. Because you have followed your heart to write and direct, this world is a better and more interesting place to live in. 

I was 16 when I went to see my first R-Rated movie. It was midnight, the opening night of Pan's Labyrinth and knew nothing about the movie. When I got there, the theater was close to empty, which I thought was odd.

But when the movie began, I was entranced.  I didn't expect this movie to combine history and fantasy in such a sublime way. I didn't know it would be so violent and terrifying. I didn't expect Ophelia's innocence and vulnerability to bring me to tears and make me wish I could reach in and rescue her. 

Seeing this movie full of violence, kindness, and bravery changed me as a person. I decided that people who refused or didn't like to watch subtitles, were stupid and didn't know what amazing art they were missing out on. I have felt empowered to write, even if I can't seem to do it well. Seeing that movie on my own was basically the first "grown-up" thing I had ever done. And it's a precious memory. Pan's Labyrinth will always have a special place in my heart.  

It is not the only film that I love, however. The Devil's Backbone is another personal favorite and masterpiece.  Pretty anything you have written, as well as directed, blows my mind.

You never go overboard. Everything is tastefully understated, but powerful. 

My only hope is that you continue to follow your unique aesthetic, your muse in creating more and more art. Whether they are movies, books, illustrations, virtual reality, open world games,  or poetry....  Please keep creating more and more. 

I am a huge fan of Pablo Neruda and Federico Garcia Lorco, by the way, so I am really hoping you also publish poetry one day. Because knowing what a beautiful mind and heart you have through your work makes me certain that you also write poetry. ☺️ 

I try not to see trailers or read synopses for your movies anymore. Because I love the surprise and experience of finding out on my own. I have only seen posters for The Shape of Water. I wonder what it will be like when I finally get to see it. Is it a moral tale? Will there be great love and suffering? Will there be tenderness and faith? All these questions just from a poster.... It's driving me crazy. 

I can't wait to find out! 

Just wanted to say that I saw the film at a critics screening a few weeks ago and loved it, everyone should see this if they have a chance.
So *Abe* finally got himself a new human girlfriend that looks like she might be the *one* as she can breathe underwater.
How the hell does this post earn 34k upvotes?
He hasn't used this account in 3 years, I have a hard time believing he just randomly thought "I should share this with reddit I bet they'd love it!"

Until he verifies that it's actually him this is PR pushing advertising on Reddit and we're currently upvoting  the shit out of it.
You're really damn awesome, man. Movie looks quite interesting.
Is this our much needed Abe Sapien back story film? 
1 hour 15k karma. Top of the front page. /r/hailcorporate
What an honor. Thanks!
is this Bioshock: The Movie?
Sir? You make amazing movies. Most of us like watching movies, and when I watch one of yours I am transported. You are a genius, sir. I could go on for pages about how the world you have made has affected millions. Suffice it to say that you are well-respected from people who have no idea the hell it must take to make a movie, and we appreciate your work more than you can ever know.

Please keep doing what you're doing!! 
You know, just once I'd like to see a romance movie between a man and a monster girl
I had the wonderful opertunity of watching this film at TIFF on its first viewing. It's a fantastic film and I can't wait for everyone else to watch it.
Did you only put your name on the poster 4 times because you ran out of space to put it anywhere else? 
O C E A N M AN 
O C E A N  M A N 
The plot is oddly similar to [this short film](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9eph-UuMZE)
I mean, he is curiously attractive, for a fish man.
To me, it still looks like this movie is based/heavily borrowed from this 2015 short film?

Some screencaps:
https://imgur.com/a/Zs6qu

Here's the trailer: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaJ7oafs0q8
And the full film: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEIpzBPUjEo

Beautiful! Thank you for sharing!
I am ridiculously excited for this. It looks to be the most critically acclaimed del Toro movie since Pan’s Labyrinth
I really love the subtle detailing of the scales within the background. At first I thought it was some weird image compression, but no turns out to be brilliant attention to detail. 

Can't wait to see your film Mr Del Toro! 
Isn’t this a tad bit ironic considering all the discussions of astroturfing and guerilla ad campaigns and rampant bot accounts directing discussions on reddit lately?
Mr. Del Toro, you’re a huge inspiration to filmmakers, like me, everywhere. Your work is incredible and I can’t wait to see The Shape of Water. I know you aren’t going to see this, but I just thought I’d let you know.
The shape of water? Fucking hell. 
No ty
I'm not familiar with this person so my first thoughts were, That bloke from Jimmy Kimmel has done amazingly well for himself. I'll suss out the movie when I get a chance.
Really curious to see this as I know a bunch of camera folks that worked on it!
Drowner got her
Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmell?
[deleted]
Abe Sapien romance film, that's as close as we're going to get to HBoy 3...
How does the mermans dick work?
I made a [textless version of this poster](https://www.moviemania.io/wallpaper/pm8jwvc5ba-the-shape-of-water) for those who want to use it as a phone wallpaper.
It’s a metaphor. Water is shapeless. Good one Guillermo
I was scrolling the comments for a solid minute thinking this is the shittiest AMA ... He's not responding at all.
I don't think I could hug a drowner, my Witcher senses would tingle too much.
Go back to Pacific Rim please!
I can't wait for this!  A Zaat remake is long overdue!
Bring back Pan
