Joe Biden elected president of the United States

As you all celebrate or commiserate, please help us out by reporting comments that spread misinformation or incite violence.

A few facts for you all:

* Voter fraud is incredibly rare. The conservative Heritage Foundation [looked for fraud](https://thehill.com/opinion/civil-rights/494649-the-voter-fraud-fraud) over a 36-year period and could only find [1285 cases out of nearly two billion votes cast](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/fixgov/2020/09/21/voter-fraud-fears-and-mail-worries-grab-headlines-but-the-wait-will-be-the-worry-in-2020/) - a rate of 0.00007%.

* There are election observers in every room where ballots are counted and there are livestreams of most of these counting areas. Yes, this includes Philadelphia, where the Trump Campaign had to [admit in court that they had observers in the room.](https://twitter.com/alanfeuer/status/1324484846857658368)

* Mail-in ballots are legal votes. Those ballots must be cast and post-marked by Election Day. We have been using mail-in ballots since the Civil War, and in 2016, 25% of votes were cast by mail.
Congratulations USA! From Brazil, I hope Bolsonaro is the next to fall.
Fox News just called it a couple minutes ago, so you know it's real
I’ve been hopping in and out of r/Conservative all day, shit is HILARIOUS over there. Every other comment is “well the republicans wont throw a tantrum for four years like the Dems have”

Ok buddy.
"You were expecting Nevada to decide the election, BUT IT WAS ME, PENNSYLVANIA!"
Is it 100% confirmed, as in nothing can take this away?
[deleted]
He got beaten by Obama's vp. It came back full circle.

Edit : rip inbox
Fucking THANK YOU Pennsylvania the wait was driving me insane.
I didn't even need to check to know because NYC was cheering/ screaming/ honking haha

&nbsp;

Edit: Unfortunately, I didn't take any videos. There are a lot on /r/nyc (sort by new too) though!
The amount of cheering, car honking, and claps here in NYC is breathtaking!!!!! Congratulations!
Trump is fuming on twitter #youarefired trending
“Hey Donald, you’re fired.”

-America
As a Canadian, I am happy for our neighbours.
I lost my mom to covid last night. Watching Donald ripped from the white house and torn apart by lawsuits and investigations screaming and failing the entire time, while it won't fill the void of my loss, it will surely help in the grieving process.
And Trump is playing golf when the announcement was made. How fitting!
I live in PA, and have never voted for a Democrat before. I'm so glad I did this time.
Trump will finally know what this year has been like for the rest of us... He's broke, losing his job, and about to be evicted.
Now let’s fix the system before a competent fascist actually does takeover! The unwritten rules have to be actual rules.
People are cheering across the rooftops here in NYC. It's the best feeling since March to hear a city celebrate and not just survive

Edit: Very happy to hear about everyone else's city erupting too. Can report from a friend that Mill Valley (north of SF) is also rocking at the moment

Second Edit: Sorry, I didn't think to take a video. I put down my phone pretty early on as I wanted to clap as much as possible -- anyway, a video from my perspective would just be hearing me hollering like an idiot. Big shout out to the pot banging family on the other side of Broadway who waved back and danced with us! Lastly, for those who cannot celebrate out in the streets for whatever reason, you're welcome to the party in this thread. I have family in law that are in a similar situation so they've mostly plopped down with a big fry up breakfast!

Third Edit: Thank you very much for my first reddit awards. I'd give the spiel about money being better used elsewhere but I am going to pretend that these are the free gifts that reddit keeps trying to hook people with. Big shout out to u/leaveittobever who came in clutch with the video from Chicago! It's basically what my experience was but with a better view and less pots and pans. Can't thank everyone enough for all the wonderful replies about their cities -- a nice reminder of what social media was supposed to and can still be. Y'all have made my day twice as nice
Trump's opinions will be completely irrelevant now, that's so beautiful
We're about to witness the biggest adult temper tantrum in history.
White smoke coming from AP HQ. Habemus praesides.
As a Georgia voter.  I truly feel like my vote made a difference this time.
Thank you Philadelphia and Atlanta for saving the fucking country
Cool, now the real work starts.
I'm sure Trump will now realise he's lost, and graciously step down!
congrats to OP for all of the awards they're about to get.
I’m walking home from getting coffee in Philly right now and all these people just poured out into the streets screaming and celebrating. Amazing.
But all The Trumpers told me Biden was doomed because of the attendance of his rallies
Finally 2020 turns around
*The Gang Saves America*
Dear Donald Trump:

You’re fired!

Signed,

The American People
 

. 　　　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.

　　　.　　　 　　.　　　　　。　　 。　. 　

.　　 。　　　　　 ඞ 。 . 　　 • 　　　　•

　　ﾟ　　 Orange was An Impostor.　 。　.

　　'　　　 0 Impostors remain 　 　　。

　　ﾟ　　　.　　　. ,　　　　.　 .
Churchill put it best: 'Americans can always be trusted to do the right thing... after they've tried everything else.'
Trump baby rage tweet in 3...2...1...
"Fuck around and find out." - Gritty
Betting this will end up being the most upvoted post in Reddit history.
It's finally (mostly) over.
It's been a minute since I've edged this long but the finish was great
What a beautiful morning.
20K comments. No one will read this, but. . I am a 63 year old who watched Ronald Reagan slaughter my mother by cutting her off of social security. I can speak firsthand about republican indifference for the common citizen. What has happened in the last 10 months has illustrated this once again. Thank you everyone who got out and voted for America. Thank you everyone who worked on the election. Thank you mom for the hard lesson. Go USA!
[Finally](https://giphy.com/gifs/reactionseditor-3oKIPf3C7HqqYBVcCk)
[deleted]
A lady was blasting “We are the Champions.” in a Walmart parking lot while wearing her Biden/Harris mask lmao
Those giving awards to this post, please please please consider donating those funds to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.

Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2

Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight

If unsure who to donate to, I would recommend Stacy Abram's organization as well: https://fairfight.com/

She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
This election may have a subtle lesson of political theory that maybe it isn't a great idea to always be a massive piece of shit all the time about everything.
[removed]
is it too early to start chanting "LOCK HIM UP!" outside the White House?
I think im speaking for all of europe...finally its done!
As a Brit I'd formally like to congratulate the American people. WELL DONE BROTHERS
Proud Canadian citizen here,

For all +72 million of you that voted....I owe each and very one of you a HUGE leg hump!! I’m extremely happy for your country. May the next 4 years of your democratic process/leadership, be peaceful and productive. Good luck!!
I did the math - u/throwawaynumber53 has 6227 days/204 months/17 years of Reddit Premium (Which is worth $849.83 or £605.47)

He has earnt 155,350 coins (Which is worth $395.91 or £282)

11,100 coins have been gifted to the community (Which is worth $33.95 or £24.19)

He has been gifted 11,018 awards (The most in Reddit history)

These awards cost 2,575,070 Reddit Coins, meaning that everyone spent $6393.85, or £4458.85 - with this you could buy 111,471 and 1/4 carrots. (According to Tesco, carrots cost 4 pence each) 

On Average, a tin of Heinz Beans contains 465 beans. A tin is £0.85 or $1.19, meaning one bean costs, on average, 0.18 pence. This means that with £1 you can buy 549.5 Baked Beans. This also means that with the money everyone spent on awards, you could buy a whopping 2,450,138 Baked Beans. 1 Baked Bean is approximately 832mm Cubed / 0.83cm Cubed/0.00000083 Cubic Meters. 0.00000083 x 2,450,138 = 2.036 Cubic Metres.

A Hot-Tub holds 320 Gallons, or 1.45 Cubic Meters. A Microwave holds 40 Litres, or 0.04 Cubic Meters.

2.036 - 1.45 = 0.586 

This means that you can fill 15 Microwaves and one Hot Tub with all of the Beans (If you squished them all together.)

TL;DR .If all the Redditors who spent money on this post spent money on baked beans instead, they would be able to fill a hot tub and 15 microwaves w/ the beans.

&#x200B;

Yes I did the math.
[removed]
Congratulations America! From Poland
Can’t wait to see the moving truck at the White House
NYC is electric. I thought someone was getting married or something but then the yelling echoed for blocks. Incredible energy.
[deleted]
ITS NOT OVER!  REDDITORS OF GEORGIA. YOU HAVE A MASSIVELY HUGE SENATE RUN OFF ELECTION!

Get all your friends out to vote for the DEM candidates. This could help the Dem presidency massively. If the Republican senators win in Georgia. McConnell having control of the senate means that he will block anything he wants. DONT LET THAT HAPPEN!


Edit: details for the run-off election below:
January 5th, but it seems that their will be vote early mail-in ballot as well.
https://georgia.gov/vote-2020-runoff-elections


This is SO CRUCIAL to our democracy and the success of the Biden administration. Whichever party has control over the Senate puts in place a 'Majority leader' and with Mitch McConnell as the senate majority leader, he has had control over what the Senate chooses to vote on and he has ABUSED that power to no end. He tabled almost every Corona Relief stimulus bill that the House(democrat controlled) passed and refuses to take other very critical bills to vote on in the Senate. This goes back to the Obama administration. McConnell was crucial in rushing the appointment of Justice Amy Coney Barrett through the senate confirmation, while a corona relief bill sat on his desk, which is still sitting there because Trump told him not to vote on it before the election.
West Texas reporting in. Wishing I could take part in the celebrations but it's both unwise (for myself and family) to do so and not happening here. People are fuming. Y'all celebrate some for us Democratic Texans stuck deep in red territory please!
Republican second. But Patriot first. I am happy and relieved Biden won.
So this is what good news feels like ? But it never should have been this close - even in the electoral college.

Close to 70 million Americans saw a president:

\- extort foreign countries to smear his opponent

\-that paid $750 in US taxes, but hundreds in thousands for taxes in foreign countries, and 130k given to strippers

\- that encouraged violence against protesters and regularly defends killer cops

\-that mismanaged an epidemic so badly that 300k excess americans died.

\- that regularly gets laughed at on the world stage

\- that packed the courts with partisan hacks.

\- a president that was ok with bounties placed on US soldiers

\- whose administration had higher turnover than a McDonalds restaurant

**but wait theres more !**

\-that was friends with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and wished Ghislaine Maxwell to do well

\- that played war games with Iran leading to the deaths of dozens of Canadian citizens 

\-that kept untold many children in cages, separating them from their families

\-that broke most of his main promises. No wall that mexico paid for, no resurgence of coal plants, etc

\-that has a history of racism including spreading conspiracy theories about Obama's birth certificate, calling for the execution of the central park five (black men that were innocent!), 

And said...yup I want four more years of that !
[removed]
I'm French and i'm so glad Trump is finally fired ! Must be such a relief for you American friends !
I just want to say how refreshing it was to have someone addressing the nation that sounded intelligent and not a man child.
Joe Biden ran for President three times, lost a wife and two kids to different tragedies, and is going to work to the age of eighty-two when retirement age is sixty-five. He finally won. That's persistence right there. That's American.
[deleted]
back to boring, but better than insanity
[deleted]
Congratulations from Scandinavia
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
From a Scotsman - thank fuck that cunts out the White House 😊
>BAWWWW THE AP DOESNT DECIDE THE ELECTION!

They didn't, the voters did.  The AP just told you what the vote counts say.
Wait he went through that whole speech without attacking people, spouting conspiracy theories, or ranting about himself and how amazing he is. Is that okay? Is that what presidents sound like? I've forgotten over the past four years.
I love the Conservative subs trying to pretend like they don't care. Also saying stupid shit like "where are our riots"? After Trump mobs tried to storm ballot counting centers and threatened violence against poll workers.
Hi, Brazilian here. Is it real? Is it really happening? Do we have a chance now to maybe be rid of all the fascists who rose to power under his influence? Can we... can we dream? Can I dream again of a world without Bolsonaro justifying his every atrocity because of Trump? I never liked Biden, but it just feels so surreal and incredible to think that Trump might be gone now, at least for now. Just... what?
Proud to be an ATLien. So much respect for Stacey Abrams.
That’ll do, Joe.

That’ll do.
Naaaa naaa naaaa na

Naaa naaa naaaa na 

Heyyy heyyy heyyy 

Gooooodbyeeeeee
It’s about to go down...
Chauvin found guilty of murder, manslaughter in George Floyd's death

Racism is unacceptable and unwelcome on /r/news. If you choose to post racist comments, you should expect to be permanently banned from this subreddit.

With that out of the way, just a few more rule reminders for you all:

* Don't incite violence.
* Do not threaten/wish death or describe your vivid fantasies of harm towards any human.
* Do not share the personal information of any non-public individuals. 

Help us out by reporting users who violate these rules.
Chauvin had 18 complaints against him. Dude never learned, never changed his ways and now a man is dead and his own life is royally fckd
Bail revoked too. He'll be in jail until his sentencing trial.
Genuinely surprised he was found guilty on all three counts.
Short and succinct.  No drama, just 3 minutes of reading, bail revoked, off to jail.
Never never never stop filming the police. It’s your right. If concerned strangers had not stepped up and recorded this, a murderer would still be a cop. A family would never have found justice. 

There is no police reform without citizens holding them accountable for their actions. Record the police.


**Edit**: here is the ACLU’s Mobile Justice app. You can send your video directly to them if you witness police misconduct, discrimination, or voting rights violations. Just being a witness can make a difference. https://www.aclu.org/issues/criminal-law-reform/reforming-police/mobile-justice
I hope this is the beginning of a time in which we can hold police accountable for their actions.
Wow. They actually went all out. This is an absolute shocker to me also given how quick it was. But a welcome one. I’m glad his family got justice and some closure.
[removed]
Reminder that this likely doesn't happen without the bystander video.
Now that this is done, we look towards the future to prevent this from happening again.
[removed]
I really had no expectation for a conviction. You're talking about a nation that produced a courtroom that agreed Daniel Shaver deserved to die because he couldn't crawl correctly while literally on his knees begging for his life before being executed isis style by the Mesa, AZ PD.

But this one was different.
[deleted]
Darnella  Frazier, the teen who took the video, is the hero who made this possible.

She had the presence of mind, and steady hand to film it all. To document and watch.

I have read where she has said that she felt she didn't do enough. I hope that today she fully realizes that she did more for justice in America on that day than most of us will do in our entire lifetimes.

I can't imagine the horror of watching a man die like that in real time. I would want to look away. I am thankful she didn't. 

It wasn't adult prosecutors who really made this possible. It was a 17 year old who knew what was wrong, and did what she could with no power but that of the camera on her phone. She made Black lives matter.
What's so sad about all of this is that man, this is a cathartic moment for a whole community but fucking hell, the bar is so damn low that when a cop murders someone and they ACTUALLY get convicted it's seen as this monumental moment.
Let this be a lesson to every cop who thinks the badge protects them from the law they sworn an oath to uphold.
It only took 10 minutes of a HD video of a man literally being murdered to get a conviction of a cop
I guarantee the next cop that hears a crowd telling them to stop will think twice. Remember that. See something say something. 

RIP George.
Let this be a reminder to ALWAYS FILM THE POLICE.
Holy shit, this is probably the fastest I’ve seen a Reddit post blow up. Top of r/All in less than 20 minutes. What a day
Never forget his smug smile to the camera while murdering him.
Always keep your phones charged folks! The biggest tool for accountability right in your pocket.
Guilty on all 3 counts! Progress doesn’t happen overnight and while we still have a long, long way to go in this country, this guilty verdict is progress. Glad this piece of shit will be behind bars.
[removed]
I want Chauvin punished but I want officers out there to know they cannot get away with this shit even more. This is another step toward that.
[Here's a photo](https://dynaimage.cdn.cnn.com/cnn/digital-images/org/1f5bac4a-c02b-4cf3-a0fd-5d339f8efa79.jpg) of Derek Chauvin being escorted out of the courtroom in handcuffs.
I just watched the verdict - Chauvin looked like he couldn't really comprehend it, his eyes were going all over the place. I'm so hugely relieved.
It's hard to feel any level of joy but definitely some relief.  Now onto the harder part.
Police are threatening to turn in their badges over this. Sorry you can't kill people anymore without consequences I guess.
This shouldn't even be a political issue. Dude killed a guy and we all saw it. Case closed. if a bunch of SSD couch cops think otherwise, i really don't care.
[removed]
I really feel like this would have been a turning point of no return if he was off free
He looked shocked but okay until his bail was revoked. That’s when it got real.
Reminder that this is the [statement the Minneapolis PD put about about George Floyd’s murder](https://twitter.com/joshdskolnick/status/1265291969644892161?s=21) before the video came out. 

 Full text and [webcache link:](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?cd=1&ct=clnk&gl=us&hl=en&q=cache%3AGBiyKX5OargJ%3Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.insidempd.com%2F2020%2F05%2F26%2Fman-dies-after-medical-incident-during-police-interaction%2F+)

Man Dies After Medical Incident During Police Interaction

May 25, 2020 (MINNEAPOLIS) On Monday evening, shortly after 8:00 pm, officers from the Minneapolis Police Department responded to the 3700 block of Chicago Avenue South on a report of a forgery in progress.  Officers were advised that the suspect was sitting on top of a blue car and appeared to be under the influence.

Two officers arrived and located the suspect, a male believed to be in his 40s, in his car.  He was ordered to step from his car.  After he got out, he physically resisted officers.  Officers were able to get the suspect into handcuffs and noted he appeared to be suffering medical distress.  Officers called for an ambulance.  He was transported to Hennepin County Medical Center by ambulance where he died a short time later.

At no time were weapons of any type used by anyone involved in this incident.

The Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension has been called in to investigate this incident at the request of the Minneapolis Police Department.

No officers were injured in the incident.

Body worn cameras were on and activated during this incident.

The GO number associated with this case is 20-140629.
Guilty all 3 counts... was not expecting that, but holy hell does that feel good.
This is one case, one human being. But I am so glad DC was held accountable today - George Floyd deserved justice. As a Minnesotan, I’m glad the jury got it right.

And it felt really good to watch DC get escorted out in cuffs.
Idk why it's political, it's fuckin murder. I work with people that are flipping the fuck out, why is this even up for debate?
In a couple hundred years historians are gonna look through this thread and be so confused why people are defending Derek Chauvin.
Again many lives ruined because of stupidity. Chauvin and the other cops should have just taken Floyd’s info and passed it on to the detectives. One man dead and another in jail over a possible counterfeit $20. I have in my life had at least 4 counterfeit bills, one was handed to me by a bank teller, as I counted the money it felt different and I walked right back to the teller and showed it to her, she took it and said sorry and gave me a new one. I would bet there are hundreds of people on Reddit right now with a counterfeit bill in their wallet.
People are saying they’re “surprised of the fast verdict”... Surprised about what though? It should have been fast and trivial, the guy literally knelt down on someone’s neck for 10 minutes straight and suffocated them as they pleaded saying they can’t breathe.. all on multiple videos.
I have never seen, up close, someone being slowly and obviously killed whilst an onlooking public film and plead for reason. So many people watching and asking for mercy. This fucking idiot doesn’t realise anything is wrong, or pretends to not realise. He deserves the worst. Forgot to mention that he is a cop: of all people
That video was literally watching an execution. He was afraid of someone handcuffed and unconscious and remained afraid when there was no pulse?
If you think you can perch on someone’s neck with your entire weight for nine minutes+ and not expect to become a murderer because of it, you are delusional.
President Donald Trump says he has tested positive for coronavirus

A few rule reminders:

1. Do not make comments that wish death on another person.

2. Do not threaten other people or encourage violence.

3. Keep it civil. Don't insult each other.

Please help us out by reporting comments that break our rules.
Damn NBC broke through dateline with a special report and I knew some shit went down
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1311892190680014849
Well this might get wild
So what happens if he gave it to Biden? What if they both don't make it to election day?
It's 1 am on the east coast. Alot of the country is going to wake up to this news.
[removed]
I'm surprised Melania got it. She usually keeps her 6 feet from Donald.
The worst part of this: 

"After White House officials learned of Hicks’ symptoms, Trump and his  entourage flew to New Jersey, where he attended a fundraiser and  delivered a speech. Trump was in close contact with dozens of other  people, including campaign supporters at a roundtable event."

Keep that hubris train chugging along...

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/hope-hicks-close-trump-aide-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/2020/10/01/af238f7c-0444-11eb-897d-3a6201d6643f\_story.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/hope-hicks-close-trump-aide-tests-positive-for-coronavirus/2020/10/01/af238f7c-0444-11eb-897d-3a6201d6643f_story.html)
the cost of the awards on this post is probably more than the income taxes trump paid.
His tweet announcing it must have been written by someone else, because he didn't call it the China virus.

"Hoax" is trending on Twitter even before the actual news headlines are, because everyone's asking (sarcastically) how he could be infected by a hoax.
i'm legitimately surprised it took him this long
Well let the October surprises begin!
Who had this on their bingo card?
At the debate

“I don’t wear masks like him. Every time you see him, he’s got a mask. He could be speaking 200 feet away and he shows up with the biggest mask I’ve ever seen,” Trump said about Biden during their debate Tuesday night.

Never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.
Date | Quote
:--------|:--------
20 January | We have it under control
26 February | It’s going to disappear
10 March | It will go away
29 April | It’s gonna be gone
11 May | We have prevailed
17 June | It’s fading away
19 July | I’ll be right eventually
2 Oct | We will begin our quarantine
Fox News is explaining what coronavirus is to its viewers right now.

Edit: first awards! Thanks strangers.
He probably figured out how to use COVID as a tax write-off
Holy fuck regardless of your politics this is massive news. Especially this close to the election.
I like presidents who don’t get coronavirus.
This simulation is crazy
The gold this thread gets will fund reddit for 20 years
Took much longer than I expected.
>	“In an abundance of caution the President and all White house staff are going to exercise an extended quarantine at Mar-a-Lago”

There goes the second debate.

I have a mental image of trump rolling around in a filtered hamster ball.
If Trump dies from this his supporters will frame it as a liberal conspiracy. 

If he has a hard recovery he will fight tooth and nail to delay the election. 

If he is asymptomatic or recovers easily his followers will see it as confirmation that the virus isn't dangerous and thousands more will die. 

Shits about to get even weirder.
I hope Joe and Jill Biden did not get it from being around them during the debate.
Hydroxychloroquine, stand back and stand by?
Imposible. We are 6 months past easter
Shouldn’t have taken the test. Then he wouldn’t have gotten it.
He should get $750 worth of American medical care.
*checks twitter* omfg it’s true
I’m kind of concerned that he doesn’t actually have it and will use it as a way to promote some random drug or to tell people that it isn’t really that bad.
[What the actual fuck?](https://twitter.com/Yamiche/status/1312035990240985091)

> CONFIRMED: There was no contact from the Trump campaign or the White House to alert the Biden campaign of possible exposure. The campaign learned of the situation from the news reports, a Biden campaign aide tells me.
[removed]
Same day the Cornell study dropped about him being the single greatest source of covid disinformation


https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/09/30/us/politics/trump-coronavirus-misinformation.amp.html
May he receive all the kindness, love, sympathy, and support that he extended to all of the other US citizens that are suffering from this horrible affliction.
Regardless of your politics. Wear a goddamn mask.
“This has to be the best case of covid, ever. Period. Nobody will recover as fast as me.“

Trump probably.
This could be the most upvoted Reddit post in history.
2020 coming in with a plot twist
Trump. Bolsanoro. Johnson. All three have tested positive.
I want Dr. Fauci to confirm Trump’s sickness. It’s the only way to make it believable. Otherwise, this is like calling in sick to avoid the test you... let 207,000 people die over.


edit: wow this blew up - thank you for the gifts. I’d like to take this platform to encourage everyone to vote early. The election must happen.
Somebody call /r/leopardsatemyface
Masks work - please continue to wear them to stop the spread, even if you aren’t high risk.
10 bucks says its bullshit and he'll make "the best recovery any doctor has ever seen" and then he'll call those who died suckers and losers.
How pathetic is it that's he's so full of shit people are having a hard time believing an announcement of this magnitude is even true?
This is huge news. I literally have no idea how this is going to play out. At his age...this is far from a small thing to worry about
He either... 

A. recovers and tells people it’s not that bad... 

OR

B. says it’s SO bad that we need to delay the election. 

He’ll swing it his way either way. I guarantee it.
This has HUGE national security implications. Sam Vinograd, a national security expert, wrote [this thread](https://twitter.com/sam_vinograd/status/1311841999780286464) earlier tonight **before** the positive result.
This [video from the debate of Trump ridiculing Biden](https://twitter.com/briantylercohen/status/1311839895921467393) for wearing a mask didn't age well.
[removed]
I hope he's treated with the same care, compassion, attentiveness, and support that his administration has shown the country during this pandemic.
Season finale is gonna be fucking fire...

We should’ve never shot that goddamn gorilla
7 minutes, almost 500 comments?

Grab your popcorn and sort by Controversial

Edit: 59 minutes, 13,214 comments.
Now he needs to hang out with Mitch McConnell for while. For old time’s sake.
[removed]
News outlets talking about Trump and Pence possibly having to temporarily step down, due to quarantining for 2 weeks and being unable to perform their duties, meaning Nancy Pelosi would be sworn in as interim President. What an absolutely crazy plot twist that would be in this timeline.
Thank fucking Christ Biden didn't shake his hand.
He's fat and old. He might die from this.
I hope that Joe Biden will be okay. I know they didnt get that close. But they were in an enclosed space with Trump spewing covid everywhere.
Let's be honest he is probably lying.
Coronavirus, stand back and stand by
This all seems scripted.
His own fault for getting tested in the first place! If he didn't get tested for it he wouldn't have it. /s
“They are dying, it’s true. And you have - it is what it is”

-Donald J Trump
Honestly, (I know it's bad) I hope he does witness the true effects of Covid-19 and the health impact it has. Otherwise he's going to make this a further mess by insisting it's milder than a flu and hospitals, scientists and sensible people who are complaining are making up the seriousness of the situation.
It’s kind of hard to feel sorry for that asshole when he spent Tuesday night mocking Biden for wearing a mask everywhere he goes
This sure did wake us up when September ended
Good thing we have billions of hydroxychloroquine pills for him to consume.
I have so many thoughts and yet IDK how to feel.  This is the state of how jaded I have become:  I honestly wondered, "how long could this administration actually keep the president dead without any of us finding out?"  I remember it being discussed when he was rushed to Walter Reed as well.

This is scary and a sad moment for this country.  This man is 74, overweight, and has contracted a virus which has killed 200,000+ Americans in less than a year.  7+ million are carrying it.  We have no full, real medical report about what his true baseline is health-wise.

And an election in 32 days.  **Biden is not out of the woods yet from the debate from what I understand.  And where is Pence?**

A virus that he has largely denied, fueled conspiracy theories toward, was just mocking mask-wearers at the most recent debate, has gone against public safety recommendations to not have these insane tightly-packed rallies, and has failed to encourage Americans to take even the most basic public safety precautions to protect yourself, and care for your fellow American.  WHAT THE FUCK ELSE WOULD YOU EXPECT TO HAPPEN?!  So much recklessness for what purpose?!

And depending on WHEN they found out about Hope Hicks, and Trump still went to a fundraiser tonight--WTF is happening with his planning team.  And if he stays asymptomatic - is he going to push past this quarantine early and demand life get going again?

**TELL ALL YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS TO BE MINDFUL OF WHAT THEY'RE READING AND SEEING ON THE INTERNET.  WE ARE 32 DAYS FROM AN ELECTION.  RUSSIA IS GOING TO HIT US HARD WITH DISINFORMATION.**
[deleted]
And let me tell you America, I had it. I had it. I got the Chy-Na virus, and I know I had it, and doctors confirmed it, the top doctors, the best in the world, dr Oz confirmed and you can ask him because we’re great friends, went to play bags together last May. But I tell you, it’s weak. It’s a weak virus and the Democrats will tell you it’s so morbid and does all sorts of nasty things. It’s not true. But my blood is pure. I had a headache, a mild one, that’s it. That’s all it was. The fake news said I would die. Joe Biden would die, he would die if he had it, like his weak son. But I didn’t. I don’t know what happened to Melania, you have to ask her, but I’m sure she’s fine. Let’s get out and vote.
Plot twist:  Trump was contagious during debate. Gave it to Biden. Trump survives with no issues. Biden dies.

I’m on to you 2020, you can’t break my heart if I don’t have any hope in the first place.
He’s gonna fake his own death.
Definitely faking it just to get out of debating Biden since now they're enforcing the rules of cutting mics.
Healthcare professionals stand back and stand by
Shouldn’t have gotten tested. The numbers only go up when you test.
One day I'm going to get to tell my grandkids about the year 2020. It will start with me drinking, and end with them drinking.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wish him a fast recovfefe
Here are my thoughts on this...

1) They actually have it...

2) They don't but this is a hail mary sympathy play...

3) They don't have it and this is so he doesn't have to appear anymore ( no debates / no press briefings / nothing) until after the election is over.


I'm leaning towards 3...
How do you test positive for a liberal hoax that is going to be gone by Easter?  Someone wasn't taking their bleach injections, you gotta listen to the dream'n demon semen lady!
[removed]
So, what's the con here? They're lying and will soon come out and say they were healed by x,y, or z just in time to fool people on Election Day?
I guess that means no debates in the near future... 

What convenient timing after such an abysmal first debate.
My first thought was that he's not actually sick and this is just a good way to avoid having to do anymore debates.

Edit: Thank you for the gold, kind internet stranger!
Holy shit.
Is this part of the Halloween special for season 2020 of Earth?
They say it was the highest anybody has scored on the test yet
I hope Biden doesn’t get infected
Quarantine together.  
Lmfao 
Poor FLOTUS
He lives, he claims it’s mild 


He dies, the far right lose their minds 


He is hospitalized but lives, they claim assassination attempt and arrest left leaning leaders 



Next week is popcorn week
Show us the taxes AND test results!
I don’t want him to die. I want to see him thrown out of office, I want him to become a pariah, to be MISTER Trump the rest of his life. I want him to go bankrupt, to never get a credit again, to spend maybe time in jail. I want him to look over his shoulder the rest of his life, thinking that police car is coming for HIM.
My kids are never going to believe me when I tell them about 2020 in the future
Slow your roll, everyone. Wait until you see his doctor’s note. He may be using this to avoid another debate and gain sympathy votes.
There's like $5000 of rewards here. Jesus christ.
Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the season finale of 2020.
 Nobody has ever tested more positive than me. The doctors said ‘Sir, this was the most beautiful COVID test we’ve ever seen’
I’m not reading through 27000 comments to see if it’s already been said, but for those thinking he’ll die, remember he’ll have access to the best healthcare in the world.  They’ll keep him alive by any means necessary.  However, it may not matter, as a presidential candidate with tubes coming out of his lungs on Election Day probably stands no chance of winning, and I’m not even sure would be medically fit for election in that case.  It would be unprecedented and the ultimate 2020 move if it turns out that way.

Pretty much worst possible timing for Trump if things go south.
A lot of people seem to be ecstatic about this, but it's going to backfire. He's going to have mild symptoms I bet and use that as the bar for covid, saying the dems want to shut down the economy over a mild headache. I can see it now...
And I was mocked for "Redemption arc" on my 2020 bingo card
*grabs popcorn and sorts by controversial.*
Blizzard Employees Staged a Walkout After the Company Banned a Gamer for Pro-Hong Kong Views

Ironically, this is creating more exposure than the original statement ever would have had
> Blizzard’s actions inspired a negative reaction among lawmakers, who denounced the gaming giant. On Twitter, Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) said the company was willing to “humiliate itself” to please China. Marco Rubio declared that “Implications of this will be felt long after everyone in U.S. politics today is gone.”

When you have Wyden and Rubio in agreement that you fucked up, you REALLY fucked up.
If everybody had phones, we wouldn't be in this situation. /Blizzard
So who else, is going to Blizzcon cosplaying Winnie the Pooh?
**"I need healing."**

\- Blizzard, probably
Don't forget not to fall for the distraction of "This is offensive to the Chinese people"
No, this is offensive to THE GOVERNMENT of China.
Who would've ever thought Hero 32 would be the Blizzard staff?! Proud of you all!
Blizzard is quickly reaching a Crossroad; Do they want the Western audience or the Chinese audience?
I can imagine the QA section at Blizzcon.

HK protestor: “why is blizzard supporting the corrupt Chinese government”

Blizzard: “uhhh, do you guys not have rights?”
Blitzchong... what a fucking hero. I bet he didn't think it would actually get this big.  It turned into an entirely different but very important subject of foreign independent enterprises doing the dirty work of authoritarian governments. That's something that we can not have moving forward into the future where, to be honest, China is in a prime position to be the dominant economic superpower.
Seriously fuck Blizzard.
I've been having fun playing classic, but I just cancelled my subscription and in the 'tell us why' field I told them it was because of Hong Kong. I encourage everyone else who cares about this issue to do the same. I'm sure it's possible that they make more money off of China than the US, but still; fuck this bullshit.
Also, just in,  [https://twitter.com/JeremyPenter/status/1182046818487562249](https://twitter.com/JeremyPenter/status/1182046818487562249)

Looks like you cant delete your Blizzard account now XD

I don't deserve Gold or Silver for this (but TY!). 

Just re-post of a re-posted tweet I saw from an awesome YouTuber (If you game, gotta check out his reviews, A++ quality):  [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK9\_x1DImhU-eolIay5rb2Q](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK9_x1DImhU-eolIay5rb2Q)
Good for them. 
   
A software  company boot licking the number one software pirating country is as dumb as supporting their tyranny.
It's absolutely amazing how Blizzard *itself* blew this whole thing up, with how they handled one minute on some stream that the vast majority of people would never have known of.  

They could've simply said: "hey, this is against the rules, whether we agree or disagree with your message we need to enforce the rules or people will do whatever they want." and then given him a slap on the wrist. Like a month or two of suspension and a warning that if he does it again they'll throw the book at him.

*And this would not have been a story, at all.* It probably would not have even registered in other ActiBlizz communities, let alone been a thing to people completely outside of gaming. Yet - thanks to their intense, burning desire to suck up to the CCP now EVERYONE knows about it.  
Even more people are now aware of all the vile shit China does, thanks to people linking stories about China's human right abuses under every Blizzard/China post on all the social media. And it's now very obvious that Blizzard is full of shit when they claim to support human rights (as they did with LGBT stuff). They don't. They like to say they do when it costs them nothing, but they don't.

Well done, Blizzard. You failed to protect your chinese overlords and you failed to protect your image.

You truly, fully, thoroughly played yourself.
Just in case you’re out of the loop. People are in solidarity with Hong Kong right now over the events unfolding as seen on r/fuckHKpopo and r/HongKong

Hearthstone Pro BlitzChung said "liberate Hong Kong" in a interview after he won a tournament.

Activision Blizzard, the company that owns Hearthstone and Overwatch banned him from any tournament for 12 Months and cut all his price money

That's complete bullshit

This post sugested making Mei a symbol of Pro Hong Kong in hopes that Blizz get's some kind of retaliation https://www.reddit.com/r/HongKong/comments/df2rz7/it_would_be_such_a_shame_if_mei_from_overwatch/

here's an article that's a bit longer, haven't read it myself tho:

https://www.pcgamer.com/blitzchung-removed-from-hearthstone-grandmasters-for-liberate-hong-kong-comments/
Fuck Blizzard

Fuck Activision

Fuck China
Blizzard actually apologized to CHINA today. Fuck blizzard.
I think Americans have just realized we're in more than a trade war with China, we're in a culture war and companies are siding with China.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Guys Blizzard fucked up REAL bad,  but don’t forget other US entities like the NBA that bow down to these totalitarian pieces of shit. 

Blizzard and every single company that follows suit needs to be brought to light. Blizzard deserves every single drop of shit they get for this, but it doesn’t stop with them. 

Last night in PHILADELPHIA (Wells Fargo Center) the NBA removed a protestor holding a Hong Kong support sign at a preseason game, here in AMERICA. 

*Edit: It’s been pointed out to me that the fan was being unruly and that political signs are more or less always prohibited at sporting events. Whatever the case may be in Philadelphia (do your own research and decide), it does not change the fact that China’s influences are here. Hollywood has been afraid to show the Chinese in a bad light for years. Apple pulling the Taiwan flag emoji. Shit like this is everywhere and it’s becoming more and more common. South Park really wasn’t joking last week.*

Outrage should be the starting point and it should escalate from there. This is unprecedented and inexcusable.
Major props to those who walked out.

I hope another company offers them some jobs.
I cancelled my WoW sub and uninstalled all their games from my PC for the first time in like 15 years. Fuck them, their games are becoming trash anyways
It sickens me that an American company would hurt a person because they had a pro freedom approach to a political idea.  Our country is backwards as fuck right now. It’s a legit embarrassment.
Since I can't delete my account, I had to just deactivate my sub to WoW.

And honestly, I'm pissed about it.

I loved playing WoW. I've been playing it for over 10 years. And I feel like my hand is forced because I can't support a company that takes away someone's monetary gain because they said what they did, and then fires those who "let it happen".

But I hate that I can't play one of my favorite games anymore.
Blizzard did something I never thought possible. Get Dems and Cons to unite on a cause.
EA: We are most hated game publisher in the world.

Blizzard : Hold my human rights.

Edit. Thanks for popping my gold cherry, stranger.

Edit 2.  Thanks for popping my silver cherry, stranger.
[deleted]
Every Twitch Streamer and Watcher should do the same.  Walk Out!
This is somehow worse PR than “sense of pride and accomplishment “.
There is a MUCH larger discussion than video games and Hong Kong to be had here.

China is threat to the world. They are playing the long game. They are thinking generations. And now that they have economic clout combined with a significant military, they are incrementally creeping out. 

They are making islands in the pacific out of atolls and militarizing them. They are claiming islands that belong to other nations. They are diplomatically isolating Taiwan from the rest of the world. They are doing the whole Silk Road 2 project. They established their first overseas military base in Africa recently.

They are playing a generational game. One where China slowly absorbs the world, either by might or dollar. That is their plan anyway. Forcing the world to comply with their political beliefs in our media is a step - watch South Park (the latest season in a couple of episodes) - they lay it out. 

We have to keep calling this out all the time. Corporations should be forced to make a stand. You are either for freedom or for the dollar. 

Of course, the cynic in me says no one (or not nearly enough) will change their behavior to force corporations to change theirs.

EDIT: Thanks for the silver!

EDIT 2: Gold - thank you!
EA: Sure we may have the most downvoted post on reddit ever, but at least we didn't side with the fucking Chinese Government.
While I'm glad they're doing this, walkouts are usually just "they took a long lunch break today".

Do this daily, start hiding pro HK stuff in the code/art, or just stop working all together.

Make blizzard choose between the West or China.
Be Blizzard.

Employ employees mostly within the US.

Do something that goes directly against American ideal (in theory, not always practice).

Employees are mad.

*Pikachu face*
It's funny how people are trying to appeal to neutrality and argue 'not being political'. Well, Chizzard made this political by siding with China.
Big fan of Diablo. Now Blizzard can suck my tiny little baby penis I ain't buying shit from them ever again
Once again. Thank god bungie split.
Blizzard could have avoided all if this by not making a blatant decision to stand with China. The world is watching what's going on in Hong Kong...why the fuck would you take such drastic measures while having the slogan "Every Voice Matters" at your headquarters. 

That's clearly not the case. I applaud the Blizzard employees for standing behind Blitzchung and his overblown punishment
This is like the corporate equivalent to sucking dick for money. Except it's even less dignified because you're actually pretty well off already.
Blizzcon will be real interesting this year. Oh boy.
I sold my stock on Robinhood when the news first broke. It might be small and irrelevant but I'd rather take the loss and keep myself from supporting the company.
Blizzard ain't got no tegridy.
Not a gamer but I’m very interested in this story and incredibly impressed with how the community is aggressively seeking justice for this egregious wrong.
[deleted]
I’ve played wow on and off since vanilla, love the game. Was super pumped for classic and got to level 39. Cancelled my sub yesterday. I will resub if they admit their failure to support Democratic values and have a plan to right the wrong. I’m not holding my breath.
Funny how Blizzard's actions brought even more attention to the Hong Kong ordeal and also, with the utmost transparency, showed the world how greedy and heartless a group of board directors can be. 

Capitalism at its finest /$
Please let all this shit be the kick in the ass some small upstart needs to make another actual good MMO...
Big difference is north America actually cares about optics, where as China audience just wants mobile games. Bye blizzard. You made some seriously shit desicions under new management. Do you guys not have phones?
#GamersRiseUp but actually  for serious and not a meme trololo fest and  proud humanity moment edition
America's capitalism is selling its freedom.
Cancelled my WoW subscription. Enough is enough. 😤
Now that's what we call a "pro gamer move"
Blizzcon this year is going to be interesting
I hope this kills Blizzard

Free expression is a VERY important human right
Why aren't news sites referring to this as Activision Blizzard instead of just Blizzard?

It's a joint entity now, we should refer to them both together, especially through this shitstorm
Trump has left the White House for the last time as President

This, and one mentioning that Biden has been inaugurated, will be the only posts about the inauguration today unless something significant and unexpected happens.

See r/politics for a live thread and other updates: https://redd.it/l18lmi

Please consider subscribing to r/inthenews as well, where there are no rules on opinion/analysis or politics news.
Did Mexico pay for the wall? Just asking
Remember when he tried to get Denmark to trade us Greenland for Puerto Rico? According to Miles Taylor, who was chief of staff at the Department of Homeland Security, Trump was serious. He really thought it could be done.
I hope the Q larpers finally realize Trump isn't planning something or has an ace up his sleeve lol
Where does he go now? Does the helicopter drop him off at the nearest McDonald's or something?
Boy CNN covered him right up until he got on the plane and once it took off they were like "right let us never mention that name again" and haven't shown anything on him since.
[deleted]
[deleted]
They finally got the horse out of the hospital
I hope they checked his pockets on the way out or took an exit inventory.
guys we only have to keep up the covid hoax for a few more hours! cant wait for my soros check!

lol its over. donald trump is a fucking loser.
Melania files for divorce in T-minus 2 weeks.
It’s 9am. Not too early for champagne is it?

Edit: Consensus says - it’s never too early to have a celebratory drink on a day like today. Cheers!
These past four years were the longest decade of my life.
[And there was much rejoicing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmPhaG1ud38)
So long you orange shithead. You represent the worst of what America has to offer.
His speech at Andrews Air Force base about "His People" could've had an easier life but decided to work for the people is absolute bullshit. He spent most of his day golfing, tweeting, or watching T.V,

He's just spewing more lies during his farewell speech. I can't watch this anymore
Good. Call me when he walks into his jail cell.
Orange has been ejected.
One day -- it's like a miracle -- it'll disappear!
Theres this odd sense of relief I have knowing that the orange clown is finally gone.
[deleted]
on the one hand, ITS FINALLY OVER.

on the other, i learned more about politics in the last four years than the rest of my life.
Thus begins four years of Republicans suddenly being incredibly critical of the president's every action and decision
Finally a step towards making America great again!
I hope he is referred to as "the disgraced former president" in years to come. I hope he is stripped of post-presidential perks, especially so he doesn't have a state burial upon his death. I hope he is constantly reminded that he goes down in history as the most ill equipped, absolute worst US President ever and a proven traitor.
[removed]
I've seen a hundred versions of this posted to almost every sub already...and I love it.
[Here's what Trump has to say about that](https://www.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump)
Everyone may want to wear a hat and jacket. It's going to be -45 today!

Edit: thank you for the awards, kind strangers!
[removed]
3 wives. 2 impeachments. 1 term. 0 popular vote wins.
What a terrible president Trump was.  If he had done anything, expended a minimal amount of effort he would probably have been re-elected.  He faced one major challenge during his presidency and completely folded.  If he just acted like he was addressing the COVID pandemic, even if he didn't actually do anything, he might have gotten credit and been re-elected.  

Instead, he basically did less than nothing.  What a terrible loser.
NY State if you are listening FIND THAT TAX FRAUD!
I was really hoping to see him dragged out kicking and screaming.
Shameful what he's done. Used AF1 and Marine One to grandstand. Basically rinsing the last of the glamour out of his office on the day he's meant to give the keys back. He took a helicopter to a site you could drive to in twenty minutes, and he took a 747 to fly to Florida, when the motherfucker has his own fleet of private aircraft. His family are like rednecks at a free buffet.

EDIT Thanks for the award
Lost the popular vote twice.

Got impeached twice.

Lost his party the house.

Lost his party the senate.

Lost his party the presidency.

Refused a peaceful transfer of power.

Lost twitter.

He is and always has been a real loser.
Should've never been there in the first place.
Lock him up! Lock him up!
that feeling when your racist drunk uncle leaves
84% upvoted. It amuses me some Trump supporters take offense to this.
Break out the champagne! Fuck Trump and his legacy of hate and division. Hopefully, despite indications, there will never be another Trump elected to *anything.*
I guess America got tired of “winning”
On his last day in office, Trump makes America great again.
That swamp took pretty long to drain out...
Let me sum trump up as the failure he is.

Failed at Real Estate

Failed at Running Casinos

Failed at Running an Airline

Failed at Running a Magazine

Failed at Selling Steaks

Failed at Selling Wine

Failed as a Father

Failed as a Husband

Failed as a President

Failed as a Patriot

Failed as A Human Being

Edit:  Two more failures added by BoundaryOfSound.

Failed at running a Charity

Failed at running a University
What a fucking loser, good riddance.
As a Brit living in Italy I'm so fucking happy for you guys. 

Biden isn't perfect but my god is he a cracked window in a fart filled apartment.
It is going to take forever to get the smell out.
Good. Now get the fuck out of our country you fucking traitor.
Still waiting on that new and improved medicare plan.
Join me everyone.

#GOOD RIDDANCE TRUMP

#YOU’RE FIRED
Man, orange you glad that presidency is over?
Time to celebrate, fellas. This is a an amazing moment. One of the worst Presidents ever has left the White House for good. May he rot in prison very soon for all the crimes committed. Buh Bye orange cartoon character!
Start the countdown to when the first subpoena is served.

Bye bye to the grifter in chief.  Left us a cesspool to clean up.
In the end, he left reluctantly, but voluntarily. The absolute win was the Georgia runoffs.

What's concerning is how close the elections were after four years of Trump and McConnell's fuckery in the Senate with the SCOTUS that goes back to Obama's last term. Like the old adage goes: Democrats can't get elected, Republicans can't govern.

Someone's going to say VoTeR sUpPrEsSiOn but it goes beyond that. Dems have electability issues.
The end of the Modern White Nationalist Administration!  It ended with a noose hanging in the Capitol Building and a mob demanding African American votes be disregarded!

Donald Trump violated his oath of Office and violated the 14th and 15th Amendments of the constitution.  

He engaged directly in insurrection.  This is a violation of the 14th Amendment.

Donald Trump directly violated the 15th Amendment, section 1:

 The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.

Donald Trump must be tried and convicted for Treason.
>Pence said his goodbyes to Trump on Tuesday and will not be at Trump's send-off ceremonies  

It's almost like he's taking the attempted lynching personally.
As Gerald Ford said: "Our long national nightmare is over..." It's not, really. But at least the most malignant symptom of our national disease has left the building.
Proud to have voted against this fascist piece of shit! Fuck you Trump!
Thank god. Fuck you, Donnie.
Goodbye and good riddance Trump and all the conspiracy nutcases that enabled him. No more of the racist, right winged ultra kkk loving, immigrant hating, neo nazi, white supremacist, law breaking, hypocritical, media censoring, muslim fearing, xenophobic, sexist, troop degrading, gerrymandering, electoral fraudulent, socialist fearing, disabled mocking, military disparaging, tax dodging superannuated toddler.
And like that (snaps fingers)

*he's gone.*
Anyone else feel like they can breathe again?
For the life of me I won't ever understand how they let him leave and that he wasn't immediately arrested
\*in Gollum voice\* LEAVE NOW AND NEVER COME BACK!
The White House chefs are high fiving knowing they never have to cook a steak well done with a side of ketchup again
Woke up super early to ensure that the orange crybaby leaves. 

Well worth the loss of sleep
Finally. I can feel that sense of relief spreading through the whole world.
Na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey.....gtfo
I thought I was reading r/UpliftingNews.
The news says he left Joe Biden a note. I bet it says "Do you like me?" Check a box yes, no, maybe......
Thank fucking god. IT'S OVER PEOPLE.

Now we have to deprogram his violent, terroristic, cult-followers. Still got challenges ahead of us.
Time to enjoy conserative tears  and watch them play stupid yet again
We really need to stop telling kids "anyone can be President of the United States.
Playing YMCA when he left was perfect.
Good fucking riddance. God damn, this morning  there was a collective sigh of relief heard around the entire country (and world for that matter). No more waking up wondering what this shit stain did or how he embarrassed us today. No more fucking tweets. Just no more constant bullshit. Thank you!!!
America, for whatever reasons, hooked up with a batshit insane hooker and that very same night  her full crazy came out and she locked herself in America’s home while trashing the place and threatening to call her pimp to really fuck us up while we were constantly being told that the cops were on their way (but they were not in fact ever on their way). 

Now she’s left and we’re about to go back into our home and see the damage. We already know she’s set some fires and smeared feces on the walls and pissed on the bed and carpets. But she left and she left without her phone.
You just know this is killing him. He wanted so badly to be a superpower and above the rules that are kicking him out.
Kobe Bryant killed in helicopter crash in California

Let's try and keep the comments here civil. You don't have to like Kobe, but celebrating his death, making jokes about it, and wishing death/threatening other people still violates our rules. 

Users who threaten other people will be banned on sight.
Leaving your house and returning safely is such an underrated blessing.
Not too long ago he was pictured alongside his daughter at a basketball game and they seemed so close. She also died today. Rest in peace Kobe and Gianna.

Okay guys I keep getting some pretty fucked up messages in my inbox. If you have a problem, especially if it was because he was black, please swallow your cowardice and post it here so you can get the ridicule you deserve.
12:35 PM PT -- Kobe's daughter Gianna Maria -- aka GiGi -- was also on board the helicopter and died in the crash ... reps for Kobe tell TMZ Sports. She was 13. 
We're told they were on their way to the Mamba Academy for a basketball practice when the crash occurred. The Academy is in nearby Thousand Oaks.
TMZ reporting Kobe's 13 year old daughter also killed in crash.

https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
[deleted]
LA authorities confirming that it's accurate. He perished along with four other passengers. https://twitter.com/MattNorlander/status/1221516791429652486

EDIT: As noted elsewhere, his 13-year old daughter, Gianna, also died in the wreck. His wife Vanessa and former Laker Rick Fox were not aboard at the time of the crash. 
https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/

EDIT #2: Worse news. It's being reported that the death toll is up to nine - eight passengers and the pilot.
During the live press conference, the sheriff said that they believe there were 9 people on board, a pilot and 8 passengers. He also called out TMZ for being wildly inappropriate and said “imagine finding out a loved one has died through social media”, he has requested that people stop speculating who was on board and to keep their loved ones in mind.

Edit: I watched the rest, this time the man that spoke before the sheriff came back (man with a grey streak in his hair, dark green shirt and dark skin):
they don’t know anything for sure yet. They received the report 9:47 AM, arrived 8 minutes later and due to magnesium, the fire took one hour to extinguish. The coroner is on site with a team and they’re working hard to get answers.
They don’t know what happened, they don’t know where the helicopter took off, they don’t know for sure where it was going (these three questions kept being asked). It will take some time to identify everyone and to notify the next of kin, he once again stressed for people to stop speculating and to keep loved ones on mind. The area that they are investigating is “about an acre”, that’s also where they expect most debris to be at and where bushes were on fire.

Honestly, it was him constantly repeating that they don’t know what happened yet since the press kept asking the same questions. They also kept pestering him about “taking an hour to extinguish” - but again, that’s because of the magnesium.

After that they called for a spokesperson that can speak Spanish and I turned it off.

[Good news article here that has a better summary of the conference and updates](https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-01-26/aircraft-slams-into-hillside-explodes-in-flames-near-calabasas).
Crazy, I was just reading how LeBron honored him last night with “Mamba 4 Life” written on his shoes. So eerie. 

https://clutchpoints.com/lakers-news-lebron-james-honors-kobe-bryant-through-his-shoes-vs-sixers
[Kobe's daughter GiGi (Gianna, 13) also confirmed on board the helicopter and deceased.](https://amp.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/)
I’ll always remember him as an under aged teenager that came to my bar in a nightclub in LA not long after signing with the Lakers. 

I remember being nervous that he would order a drink and I’d have to be in the uncomfortable position of carding him, knowing he was under 21.  

At the time we had some other out of control under aged celebs that created drama (Leo DeCaprio I’m talking to you) 

When Kobe got to the bar, he ordered an Evian.


[My wife tried finding my autographed jersey but could only find this](https://imgur.com/gallery/jP5TpwM)
Not the news I was expecting this morning. RIP to one of the greatest to play.
Lebron just beat Kobe’s scoring record last night. Freaky timing.
I have this weird thing where when I hear about plane crashes, I imagine what the final seconds of those peoples’ lives are like - what they’re thinking, saying, what their faces look like. It just makes me that much more sad but it always happens.
I went to high school with Kobe. He was a senior when I was a freshman. Seniors are already larger than life to freshman but can you imagine having Kobe as your idol, 360 dunking IN GAME, taking Brandy to the prom etc. When I was a senior he would always hook the team up with Adidas gear and come visit Coach Downer once in a while & give us a pep talk. He made me believe that anything is possible. 

This news makes me sick to my stomach but I promise if Kobe could speak he would say don't be sad because he achieved all his dreams and then some. He would probably want us to focus on our own aspirations and pray for the families of the other four who died. He was as fierce a competitor you could find, but off the court was a gentleman, a beautiful dichotomy. RIP  I still cant believe it.
He was a household name. Whether you watched basketball or not, you knew who Kobe Bryant was. He's going to be sorely missed.
From Kobe's "Dear Basketball," animated by Glen Keane and music by John Williams.

"It's time to say goodbye  
and that's okay  
I'm ready to let you go  
I want you to know now  
So we both can savor every moment we have left together  
The good and the bad  
we have given each other all that we have  
and we both know  
no matter what I do next  
I'll always be that kid with rolled-up socks, garbage can in the corner, five seconds on the clock, ball in my hand.  
Five, four, three, two, one"  
\-Kobe
yelling "KOBE" when shootin hoops will never be the same
Kobe's sports career in numbers:

4th highest all-time NBA scorer - 33,643

5× NBA champion (2000–2002, 2009, 2010)

2× NBA Finals MVP (2009, 2010)

NBA Most Valuable Player (2008)

18× NBA All-Star (1998, 2000–2016)

4× NBA All-Star Game MVP (2002, 2007, 2009, 2011)

11× All-NBA First Team (2002–2004, 2006–2013)

2× All-NBA Second Team (2000, 2001)

2× All-NBA Third Team (1999, 2005)

9× NBA All-Defensive First Team (2000, 2003, 2004, 2006–2011)

3× NBA All-Defensive Second Team 

2 x Olympic Gold Medalist (2008, 2012)

1x Academy Award (Best animated short film - 2018)

Rest in Peace Kobe...

EDIT: Added some additional achievements,
thank you to everyone who was pointing out missing ones!

EDIT2: Truely a sad day... RIP Gianna as well...
His last tweet 16 hours ago congratulating LeBron on passing his scoring record. Just goes to show you never know when you’re going to go. Sad and creepy.
My dad was killed in a helicopter crash a few years ago.  It's such a life-altering experience.  I grieve so much for his wife and all she'll be going through.
Edit: Thank you for the Platinum.  I'm humbled by all the kindness and words of support.
This type of news makes you think that no matter who you are, you never know when your time will come. Not money, fame, nor popularity will save you from such a catastrophic event. I’ve had a loss recently and it made me just appreciate the moments you really have on this planet. It puts life in perspective and I hope this not just be a news article but a way for people to enjoy the moments they have with their family and loved ones. Go out and explore, do shit, make memories.
[deleted]
I had to read that headline twice just to process it. I can’t believe this. RIP to the greatest.
4:30 PM PT -- L.A. weather was extremely foggy Sunday morning, and law enforcement sources tell us even LAPD air support was grounded because of it. Flight tracker data shows Kobe's chopper appeared to first encounter weather issues as it was above the L.A. Zoo. It circled that area at least 6 times at a very low altitude -- around 875 feet -- perhaps waiting for the fog to clear.
Play video content

FLIGHT TOWER AUDIO
We know the pilot contacted the control tower at Burbank Airport around 9:30 AM PT, and the tower was aware the pilot had been circling for about 15 minutes. The pilot eventually headed north along the 118 freeway before turning to the west, and started following above the 101 freeway around Woodland Hills, CA.
At around 9:40 AM they encounter more weather -- as in seriously heavy fog -- and the chopper turned south. This was critical, because they turned toward a mountainous area. The pilot suddenly and rapidly climbed from about 1200 feet up to 2000 feet.
However, moments later -- around 9:45 AM -- they flew into a mountain at 1700 feet. Flight tracker data shows they were flying at about 185mph.
As a parent all I can think about is how he was probably holding his daughter so tight in the last moments, trying to protect her. So devastating
I have two found memories of Kobe Bryant. 
The first was a personal encounter that occurred ages ago. I was with my uncle at South Coast Plaza in Santa Ana, CA. My uncle and I were on the 2nd floor sitting at one of the tables at Antonello Espresso Bar.  As we’re sitting there, we see Kobe walking towards us. He was with his two daughters.
My uncle looks at me and says “Kobe speaks Italian; watch this!”
In Italian, my uncle yells out to Kobe,
“Kobe! Want a cup of espresso?
Kobe smiles kind of laughs and politely responds in Italian “no thank you I’m with my children!” 
It was cool.
I don't know shit about basketball but he left behind a wife and 4 daughters including what sounds like essentially a newborn. That's brutal and heartbreaking and I wish the best to his family. God damn 2020 slow it down.

Edit: Sounds like early reports from ABC are saying his daughters may have been involved. That's as worst case scenario as it can get I feel like. What a fucked up day.

Edit 2: Reports are now pulling back in regards to the daughters being on board. Still nothing confirmed as far as I can see.

Edit 3: TMZ is reporting as of 2:35 pm Central time that Daughter Gianna Maria (13) was also killed on board.
This is like Messi or Ronaldo dying in a helicopter crash, right?

Never really watched basketball but I have heard of him, LeBron James and Michael Jordan.
Watching the news live right now, a whole bunch of people are gathering in front of Staples Center to mourn his passing and pay their respects. One of the guys interviewed was asked how long he was going to stay there, he told the reporter: "He gave us 20 years, I'm not going anywhere"

RIP Kobe
I hope kids continue to say "Kobe" as they throw crumbled up pieces of paper into the trashcans.
Am I crazy or are helicopters just like *not that safe?*  I mean weve had this technology for decades now and it feels like they still go down way more than planes.
For all those speculating - the [speed and alt are already known] (https://www.flightradar24.com/blog/kobe-bryant-believed-dead-in-helicopter-crash/).

It looks like the pilot was flying to low and too fast in foggy weather conditions.  

Educated guess from the data is the pilot was not IFR and flew it into a hill and didn't realize it until the last minute (jump up in speed and alt.)
Did the sheriff just confirm 9 bodies... Not 5?! Omg...
This man like just retired...what a damn shame. A true legend.
Ridiculous that forged and inaccurate video recordings of the crash are being posted on his Twitter page. People are posting a helicopter crash from Dubai in 2018 to mislead others.
He just had his latest kid born last year too. So tragic.
As terrible it is to hear about Kobe, it's worse to hear his oldest daughter was also with him. Kobe had already lived a great life, but she was just beginning hers. RIP to both Kobi and Gianna, and also to the other two unnamed victims of this horrific incident.


Edit: sorry, she is the second oldest.
Matt Mauser (of Tijuana Dogs band) lost his wife in Kobe Bryant crash.
Incredibly sad, a legend of the game - cannot believe it at all
Wow... Just absolutely unbelievable
RIP everyone else that was on board too...

Edit:  shit his 13 year old daughter Gianna died too.  Damn.
I just saw him yesterday at Fashion Island in Newport Beach, CA. He was walking alone with his daughter and looked very peaceful :(
Throw 2020 in the trash.
That's nuts. He was just as alive as you and me a couple hours ago and then poof. Gone. Jesus man. Y'all be safe out there.
There was a big helicopter crash just last month  that killed several tourists here on Kauai- it just reaffirmed my personal vow to never step foot on a helicopter. RIP Kobe.
Just read that his 13 year old daughter Gianna died in the crash as well...fucking tragic
Rest in peace to one of the greats.
Just audibly said “Holy shit” in my Uber. Did not expect this... damn.
Lebron just beat his all time points last night. This has to be fake I don't believe it :(

Edit: thanks for the memories Black Mamba

~~Edit: Just heard ABC report that some of his children were on board, I hope that is not true and they misspoke. :( what a 2020~~ reported untrue according to the comments. It was only 1 daughter. Gigi who was 13.
TMZ is now reporting his 13 year old daughter Gianna was also on board. They were heading to basketball practice. Tragic.
I’m not a basketball fan. I don’t watch sports. I haven’t sat down and watched an entire Lakers game. 

But I lived my whole life hearing this guy’s name. He’s been in the news as I sat at the dinner table eating with my family, he’s been in textbook math problems I solved in school, he’s been on trading cards my classmates passed between each other in middle school. He’s been on t shirts and billboards and cereal boxes and all sorts of mundane things in the background of my life as I grew up. For years. My sister even named her son after this man. Someone like that seems... almost immortal. Like death cannot and will not dare touch them. And the knowledge that that person, who I knew of without knowing them, is now gone... it hits different. I am 23, still young, but this makes death feel a little realer than it did before.
This might be the most surreal headline of 2020 so far￼
Oh god they’re reporting now that there were 8 passengers not 4. Thoughts to the families
Even if I became insanely rich, I would still fly commercial. So many people die on private planes and helicopters.
Just wanted to leave here my condolences. I'm from Portugal, started following the NBA in 1990 and, because of that, became a Basketball coach, referee, club director, sponsor, mascot, and everything Basketball had to offer me. Kobe is a legend. Today, while working at Subway (yes, my connection to the USA came from sports and evolved for me having the longest opened Subway store in Portugal), someone told me "Kobe died". I was in shock. Tears came to my eyes when they told me Gianna was dead too. It shook me more than some family members, and it made me again open my eyes to life, family, love, and how we should just enjoy it all while it lasts. Kobe was a star. A big one. And he died, at his prime? At an age that one relaxes and just enjoys the results of working so damned hard? Doesn't make sense...and it hit me. Hard. I cried thinking about my two daughters, and how I need to enjoy their presence while we're all still here. Rest in peace Kobe, Gianna... Everyone, be peaceful, be happy. Love from Portugal.
In a 2018 interview with Jimmy Kimmel, Kobe Bryant said **Gianna** wanted to play in the WNBA "for sure."  He said that fans would say "you and V gotta have a boy ... someone to carry on the tradition."  And **Gianna** would interrupt and respond, "I got this." He called her the heir to his legacy. RIP Kobe and Gianna.
Im sure a lot of us brits don't know anything about basketball but im certain most of us know who Kobe is. This is like the equivalent of David Beckham dying for us brits. This is huge news that will sadden people all around the world. Im sorry for your loss, especially to all the Lakers fans. Tragic news man.


And i have never trusted helicopters. i wouldn't get in one if you paid me. The billionaire Leicester City FC chairman died not too long ago from a helicopter crash. At least with a plane you could maybe glide back to earth, but a helicopter is pretty much fucked if you have mechanical problems They've always scared the crap out of me.
Please note that there are multiple sources refuting claims that Rick Fox or Kobe's daughters were on the helicopter. Best not to spread any potential rumors about that until they are confirmed.

Edit: Sources seeming to confirm Rick Fox was not on the helicopter 

https://twitter.com/JaredSGreenberg/status/1221532759480512514

https://twitter.com/ReignOfApril/status/1221532526092546049

https://twitter.com/CourtneyFallon_/status/1221531721688068096

TMZ is now reporting that one of his daughters was on the plane 

https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
Wow. Rest In Peace to a legend in his sport.
Wow. Was just looking at the smiling joyful face when LeBron broke his record. Anyone can go at anytime. Be the best you can be.
I was really looking forward to the future and seeing how far his daughter might go in raising the profile and image of women's basketball.
My mother was shocked.

She's a 60 year old Chinese lady who never watched basketball. 

That's how much of a household name he is.
I cant believe it. Rip to one of the GOATs
I can't fucking believe it.
Wow that dude who said his sister died on the crash was telling the truth. They updated a new fatality count based on the manifest and the details he shared lined up and the brother in law posted on Facebook. 

What a tragedy, condolences to the families affected
One of the best to ever play the game.  So sad to think of his children having to grow up without him.  RIP Kobe.
Gosh I don't even watch basketball and this hurts.
When I lived in L.A., whenever I was having a bad day or needed to clear my head, I’d run. I’d push open the shitty gate we had that didn’t really do much, take a left around the school and run up side streets parallel to Vermont Avenue, which was a pretty big street. I’d pass the ice cream trucks, caged roosters kept for cockfighting - smell the carne asada and weed that was coming from homes where people were playing dominoes in the garage. I’d cross under the bridge, the traffic and helicopters drowning out whatever I was listening to from my headphones. I’d hook a right on Washington, then left on Figueroa  until I was at the Staples Center. That was Kobe’s house. When he was playing it was the heartbeat of that city. Every person in those streets, on every block, loved Kobe because of who he was and what he represented - a champion who transcended race, demanded excellence, and stood taller than any movie star - he was Los Angeles. This hurts, and that’s the best way to explain why it hurts to so many people from L.A. He represented the best of what everyone wanted to see in themselves - a drive, a mentality to win at any cost. This hurts.
How sad. I used to work with a guy who was a combat medic in Vietnam. He rode in helicopters back in the day and told me to never fly in one if I had a choice, as they are not meant to fly. Any one of a thousand things can go wrong and when they do, it'll fall out of the sky. I've heeded those words from then on.
When Kobe was a kid he was constantly moving around the world with his dad and often didn't speak the language of the country they were in.  One of the reasons he gravitated toward basketball was that no matter where he was all he had to do was go down to a court and he could communicate through the language of basketball.  I always thought that was really beautiful.
I shared of photo of my sister and dad. Thanks for the support everyone! https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/euiirn/my_sister_also_lost_her_life_today_in_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Even to me, someone who doesn’t watch basketball, I feel like this is surreal.
TMZ is now reporting that his 13 year old daughter Gianna was on board with him and also died. That poor family.

On mobile and don’t know how to link, but here’s the URL: https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
 Fuck.  9 people on board

Orange Coast College baseball coaching legend John Altobelli, his wife, Keri, and their daughter Alyssa were among the victims in Sunday's helicopter crash in Calabasas, California, that killed NBA legend Kobe Bryant.


[source](https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/28570865/orange-coast-college-baseball-coach-john-altobelli-helicopter-crash-victims) 

Those 3 names, Kobe, GiGi, Christine Mauser have been publicly identified.  So tragic.
Goodbye my childhood hero in a very far country.  The baskets I shout out your name, a childhood passing by imitating you.  I will miss you so much. -a big fan from an insignificant neighborhood of a distant third world country.
Man, do I feel for his family. When I was 17, I lost my father and two sisters in a plane accident. I wouldn’t wish going through that on my worst enemy.
Please remember the 2 remaining Altobelli children. Their mother, father, and sister all apparently died in crash With Kobe and his daughter. 😔
Incredibly sad for families of everyone on board. I will never set a foot into a helicopter, so many terrible accidents happen with those things.
Wow with a group of friends we all thought it was a sick joke. Total shock.
I get that anonymity breeds boldness, but some of these comments are just awful.
Mark Cuban just announced that the Dallas Mavericks are retiring Number 24 because of Kobe’s accomplishments and his work as an ambassador for the sport of basketball
What the fuck is 2020
[removed]
His youngest daughter will never know her dad or sister, that breaks my heart. Kobe seemed like one of the untouchable celebrities, one of the ones that you never think of them dying because it just seems impossible.
This just made me get my 38 year old ass out of bed to stop procrastinating with my dreams. An unfortunate reminder. We take too much for granted. Go do what you were meant to do.

Edit: having some good talks with some people but of course trolls are gonna troll too. I’m turning off reply notices so I can dive into what I’m working on. Seriously, think about how you’re spending your time.
Apparently 9 lives are lost from today’s helicopter crash 😥😥😥

https://www.tmz.com/2020/01/26/kobe-bryant-killed-dead-helicopter-crash-in-calabasas/
LA is in tears right now. Everyone who was born and raised in this city has been shook to the core. Every one of my friends and family can’t believe this. I don’t watch basketball and it has shaken me more than I can imagine. He was all over growing up, I can’t believe he’s gone and in such tragic way.
This is fucking with me big time. He was my Mom's **FAVORITE** player and this is reminding me of her death (she passed in July).
I just checked his Instagram page and he appeared to be very close to Gigi because she played basketball at the Mamba Academy and he coached her along the way.

There are so many posts of her playing and it’s crazy to think that there will be no more of that. She was just 13, my God.

Also, the pictures with the rest of his daughters, particularly the 3-year-old and the 6-month-old are absolutely heartbreaking, given that they will grow up with zero memories of him.

Life changes in an instant...hug your loved ones tight
'Jeopardy' host Alex Trebek dies at 80 due to pancreatic cancer

He took his declining health with such grace. RIP
Pancreatic cancer is no joke. When it’s found it’s often metastatic because it doesn’t show any symptoms until it’s too late.
I highly recommend reading Trebek's memoir, which he wrote in quarantine and released this July


He was so happy to have his two adult children at home with him throughout quarantine to spend the rest of his days with. He was also sure to say that while he'll be missed, no one could say he was "gone too soon". He was grateful for his long life, beautiful family and extremely successful career. He was ready to go and only clung on towards the end out of duty towards his wife



Edit: actual quote from his book *The Answer is...: Reflections on my Life* below 


Yep, I’ll be perfectly content if that’s how my story ends: sitting on the swing with the woman I love, my soul mate, and our two wonderful children nearby. I’ll sit there for a while and then maybe the four of us will go for a walk, each day trying to walk a little farther than the last. We’ll take things one step at a time, one day at a time. In fact, I think I’ll go sit in the swing for a bit right now. The weather is beautiful—the sun is shining into a mild, mild looking sky, and there’s not a cloud in sight.
I'm heartbroken.

My grandmother passed a little over a year ago and Jeopardy after dinner was our thing. This feels a like losing another piece of her. :(
I think I speak for many Americans when I say that Alex Trebek was a staple in our house for our entire lives.  

There will never be another game show host this beloved.
A contestant was crying thinking about how much Alex meant to him growing up on the show just a few days ago. What a bummer. 

https://twitter.com/JoshGrahamRadio/status/1325490296050814976?s=19

RIP.
I have a story about Alex that I'd love to share.

So my mom and I have a tradition that we watch every jeopardy episode together. I grew up watching Jeopardy. Before the show starts, we always guess what colour tie Alex is going to wear. It's been a silly game we've played between us for years.

A few years ago for Christmas we decided to send him his own red tie with maple leafs on it since Alex is Canadian (so are we) and he actually wore it on the show. We read a [Vanity Fair article](https://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2015/12/alex-trebek-stylist-phil-wayne) on it and apparently he wanted to work it into the show. We weren't expecting him to wear it on the show, we just wanted to share how much joy it gave my mom and I each night.

I'm really saddened by his passing. I applaud him for continuing the show even when he wasn't in good health. He was a really good man, made a ton of people so happy and did a lot for the trivia community. RIP Alex <3

Edit: For anyone curious, [here's him in the tie](https://imgur.com/a/LELie9F). This was January 2016.  
Edit 2: Thank you for the gold! I'm glad the story is enjoyed!
GOAT game show host and fought such a brave and valiant battle. God bless your soul, Mr. Trebek. You will be missed.
[removed]
[deleted]
I feel like a piece of my daily life is gone. Breaks my heart.
He was fighting for almost 2 years. My condolences to his family and friends.The fact that he kept working despite having cancer makes him even more legendary.
FUCK CANCER
My sister had stage 4 pancreatic cancer that she passed from 8 years ago. His diagnosis last spring and the hope from his initial treatment working was almost identical to what we went through with my sister. Pancreatic Cancer is no joke. It’s the fourth biggest cancer killer by shear numbers every year, and yet it’s on the bottom of the list for new yearly diagnoses. The 5 year survival rate is still only around 9% regardless of when it is discovered. 

There are plenty of charities out there dedicated to fighting it, with the [Pancreatic Cancer Action Network](https://www.pancan.org/) works hard in DC to lobby for pancreatic cancer research funding. They have a great rating and are really doing a great job.
Absolute legend. Fuck cancer. Rest in peace Mr. Trebek
What a loss. This clip always got me, but it hits so much harder today:

https://youtu.be/2XhBozV07Ac

We ❤ you, Alex. RIP
Devastating news.. Rest In Peace to an icon.
he quite obviously didn’t like the idea of sean connery being alone with his mother.
[removed]
[deleted]
This hurts. Rest In Peace to an absolute legend. 

His charisma as the Jeopardy host (and the best game show host ever) was a factor in me becoming so interested in learning about anything as a kid and that has extended to adulthood. He will be missed.
I propose that Trebek be canonized along Bob Ross, Steve Irwin, and Mr. Rogers for his earnest love of trivia and gamesmanship
What is He Will Be Missed?
Sean Connery ***AND*** Alex Trebek within days of each other? 2020, you fucking suck....
I'll take....fuck this sucks to much

Edit: I know a lot of people will say fuck cancer etc. But you can donate to hospital etc. Or even volunteer your time. I never cared for celeb deaths. But this time it actually has me tearing up. I did a short volunteer stint for a cancer ward, and even had cancer with months of chemo. The most sadest and fucked up thing is seeing kids get a surprise by "make a wish". While that place is amazing. The kids don't know it's almost a death sentence...
[deleted]
He and Sean Connery are playing Celebrity Jeopardy in Heaven.
Before he passed he got to know just how much everybody loved him.
When I was in High School in the 80’s, I kind of fell apart because of being socially awkward, and my grades suffered.  My parents habitually watched Jeopardy,  and it became a game for us to try to shout out the answers.  I became kind of obsessed with beating them all, and as a result I started reading everything I could on science, literature, mathematics and history.  It turned me around, I joined my school’s academic quiz bowl team, and dominated competitions.  Went on to graduate from a University with honors in History and Political Science.  It wasn’t until today that I realized how much of that I owe to Jeopardy and Mr. Trebek.  Thank you Alex, you will be missed.
“Interestingly, the longer I've lived with the cancer, the more my definition of  toughness has changed. I used to think not crying meant you were tough. Now I think crying means you're tough. It means you're strong enough to be honest and vulnerable. It means you're not pretending...

But it is by no means a fair fight. Not even close. It is simple biology. You get treatment and you get better. Or you don't. And neither outcome is an indication of your strength as a person. Yet I still believe in the will to live. I believe in positivity. I believe in optimism. I believe in hope, and I certainly believe in the power of prayer...

My life has been a quest for knowledge and understanding, and I'm nowhere near having achieved that. And it doesn't bother me in the least. I will die without having come  up with the  answer to many things in life. I'm often asked how I would like to be remembered. I don't think about it much.

But I suppose if I had to answer I would say I'd like to be remembered first of all as a good and loving husband and father, and also as a decent man who did his best to help people perform at their best. Because that was my job. That is what a host is supposed to do.

Yep, I'll be perfectly content if that's how my story ends: sitting on the swing with the woman I love, my soul mate, and our two wonderful children nearby. I'll sit there for a while and then maybe the four of us will go for a walk,  each day trying to walk a little farther than the last.  We'll take things one step at a time, one day at a time.
In fact, I think I'll go sit in the swing for a bit right now. The weather is beautiful — the sun is shining into a mild, mild looking sky, and there's not a cloud in sight.” -excepts from Alex Trebek’s recent memoir “The Answer Is...”
All I have to say is: **Fuck Cancer**
Godspeed Mr. Trebek. The Daily Double won't ever be the same.
A man of class who hosted a show encouraging education for over three decades.  He will be missed.
Think we could all use a therapist 

https://youtu.be/ImaYMoTi2g8
[Obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3V94ZtmdbQ&list=PL-C_fu0ZbbDLdc3ZW5-eqkr68_dKR2OWN&index=113&ab_channel=SaturdayNightLive)
This made my stomach drop. My mom was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer two years. She is one of the lucky ones who qualified for the whipple surgery, which has given her the blessing of time. She recently had a questionable scan so now we are just waiting to find out more.

Then, a family friend of ours found out he had pancreatic cancer two weeks ago and died a week later. 

I admired Alex Trebec for the way he handled the diagnosis. His death is just a reminder of how terrible this cancer can be, and to embrace every day that we are given. My thoughts are with his family.
Fuck this year holy shit
RIP to a true Canadian legend.
My twin brother is special needs and looks forward to watching Jeopardy everyday. And I mean every day. It's part of his routine. He's high functioning verbal and has a killer memory and love for all things TV, so when he gets an occasional answer right his face just lights up. Alex and Jeopardy have been a part of my family's lives since I was a kid. I grew up watching it with my parents and even now at 36 find myself watching it. He will be sorely missed. Goodnight, Canadian TV trivia grandpa.
What a class act Alex Trebek was! He inspired my son Joseph!

Have a cute story to tell. It was 2004, and Ken Jennings was on Jeopardy. My son, who was a kindergartener at the time, loved to watch Jeopardy every night with me. Well, picture day was coming up, and he insisted that he absolutely have a shirt and tie for picture day, since that is what Ken Jennings mostly wears on the show. 

So, off to Sears we go in search of a shirt and tie. I wish I could add the resulting kindergarten picture of a little boy with a blue shirt and red tie, who loved Alex Trebeck and Ken Jennings. RIP Alex Trebek!

PS. That little boy of mine is now 23 and studying at Arcadia College to be a lawyer!

Edit: don't know why it spelled it Trebeck right after the real spelling of Trebek. Apologies.
This man was the host of a popular trivia gameshow, a loving husband and father, a wonderful human being, and a good friend.

Who is Alex Trebek?
2020 man, what the fuck.
I still miss the mustache. 😔
Just when we thought 2020 was turning around...
Cancer is a nasty, unrelenting enemy. Thank you Alex for all you did & putting up the fight we seek to end.
Quality role model, quality personality, quality human being gone today.

The only positive news here is that he passed next to the people that loved him, RIP
*Suck it Trebek* Odd timeline him and Connory so close together

Im a millennial who watches jeopardy and wheel every night odd for my age ill miss u even though ive never met u
FUCK. FUCK CANCER

He’s a goddamn national treasure

EDIT: this is objectively the most upset I’ve ever been about a celebrity death. Idk what to do
This makes me sad. Although I’ll always remember the SNL Celebrity Jeopardy skits. He out lasted Sean Connery, by just a little bit. I hope SNL does a final SNL Jeopardy episode to honor them, with Alex finally winning.
I'll take "Fuck 2020" for $500.
Truly irreplaceable. When you think “Jeopardy”, you think Trebek. 

RIP to an icon of game show history.
Did we really lose both Connery and Trebek in the span of a week? This is awful.
Trebek and Connery both gone. SNL you better do them right this next Saturday night.
It sounds silly to say I relied on Alex to get me through the day sometimes, but honestly it's true. Whenever I've been struggling or whenever there's been a lot of changes going on in my life, I always knew Alex would be on at the same time every day and I could just escape for half an hour and answer questions and be put at ease by his voice, demeanor, kindness, and intelligence . To me, that's invaluable. I will forever admire him greatly. We love you, Alex!
Jesus he really held it together until the end. National treasure (yes I know he’s Canadian, pedants).
At the Pearly Gates, St Peter asks him, “Name?”  He answers: “Alex Trebek”.

 St Peter raises an eyebrow, smiles, and replies, “Sir, you are going to need to answer in the form of a question.”
Trebek and Connery in same week...SNL should really do a tribute.
Fuck 2020, you lose Kobe at the start and we are closing in with the death of Trebek.
2020 didn't take Alex Trebek away, pancreatic cancer did. Don't blame the year for things like this.

That being said, FUCK CANCER. Cancer took my cousin when he was 18 and I was 14, and I've never been the same since.
A legend forever RIP
I could give fuck all about most celebrities but for some reason I liked Alex. This sucks.
I said to my wife the moment he announced his cancer, of all the celebrity deaths, when his time comes, his will hurt the most. With his upbeat attitude I had only hope that he would beat it. As a Canadian, A Jeopardy fan and as a human being, I feel his loss deeply. This is one of the worst things to not only happen during 2020, but to television and the pursuit of knowledge and education. I may not be Jeopardy material, but getting an answer or two right when watching the show makes you feel unstoppable. I sincerely hope the best for his family, friends, fans and loved ones during this tough time.

He was the most real celebrity of this generation, and his legacy will live on forever. 

Rest in peace, Mr. Trebek.
Goodnight, sweet prince
Alex Trebek seemed like a genuinely wholesome person who loved his fans. Whenever I think of my grandparents it is memories of watching Jeopardy with them
I may have to retire my username...
Growing up, my father used to watch Jeopardy every night. He would get almost every question right, often before the contestant could buzzer in (he’d also always form it into a question, like the show) and I’d always ask him, when are you gonna go on and make us some money?

My father died in 2006, due to complications from the AIDS virus. I like to imagine him being there to welcome Alex into Heaven/the Afterlife and now they can finally have their own personal round of Jeopardy. This is bittersweet because while we lost one of the greats, like my father, Alex isn’t in pain anymore.
I grew up watching Alex on Jeopardy with my dad every night, still one of my favourite parts of coming home. I just can’t imagine who they could get to try to replace him. Man was a living legend, just such a pure person. May he be quizzing the greats in the afterlife, and asking them if they want to make it a True Daily Double :)
After watching James Holzhauer's run, I became a pretty big fan of Jeopardy and have watched it almost every night since then. This is a big loss for me.

Edit: misspelled Holzhauer.
He’s got unfinished business with Sean Connery is all
I'll take "Reason's 2020 Can Go Fuck Itself" for $1000, Alex.
This is one man that you can never say "lost his battle to cancer". In a fight like that, even if you know you can't beat it, you've gotta make the most of it, and he did that very thing. Wishing him forever peace and rest. We lost a beautiful soul today.
Queen Elizabeth II, has died

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_King_of_the_United_Kingdom

Wikis waste no time
It's my grandmother's 100th birthday tomorrow, she got her telegram/letter/whatever it is from the Queen this morning.
Once Prince Philip was gone I knew it was only going to be a matter of time. People of that age keep their partners alive, it seems, and once they go it’s basically a foregone conclusion.
Christ. She lived so long it had gotten to the point where my brain had just rationalized that I would never see that headline.
She was born before Martin Luther King Jr. and Anne Frank...
Currently on vacation in the UK. Legit feels surreal to watch this from the midst as an outsider.
She most likely passed when all the family members were called.
This is one of those things you know is coming but you just never think it'll happen. A constant in most peoples life for the past 70 years.
This is going to be a very interesting next couple weeks.
*Liz Truss sweats profusely*
She’s been a permanent fixture of the UK for so long. It’s crazy to think that the “old guard” is almost gone (Gorbachev too)
96 is a respectable age
For some reason I felt like she wasn’t going to pass in my lifetime. I’m 30.
“I have lived long enough to know that things never remain quite the same for very long.” 
-Queen Elizabeth II

RIP
Imagine your first Prime Minister being Winston Churchill and your last Prime Minister being Liz Truss.
It’s so strange to think she’s been queen so long that people have been born, lived, had kids and grandkids, and died all during her reign
"Queen Elizabeth has died" and "Steve Bannon is in custody" are two interesting headlines to see paired next to each other in my feed.
73 years later, Charles III finally comes into being.

R.I.P. Elizabeth. The Washington Post just described her as a "seemingly eternal monarch." That sounds accurate.
"King of England" doesn't sound right at this point
When you are expecting something, but it still surprises you…
I'm in shock, but not surprised.  She was crowned when I was 3:  she's the only head of state I have ever known.  One of the big events of my childhood was her visit to my hometown -- her third to my country -- where, due to my father's job, I got a front row seat for the slow motorcade.

I still remember her profile, and that patented Windsor wave her mother invented to relieve the stress on the hand and wrist.

And yet, I -- many of us, I think -- have been expecting it since her husband died.  Whatever one might think of him, or her, or them together, she loved him completely and unconditionally, and he was there for her until the last seconds of his life.  Without him, it must have seemed so pointless to her.

Whatever else, they are together again.  If there is somewhere to be after death, they are there, and if there's nowhere, they are still there, together.
This is the passing of perhaps the last genuinely significant European monarch. I don't think we'll see another approach her importance to history of not just her nation but to the world
Knew it was coming with today's drip fed annoucements but still a shock to see that headline. RIP
Now she can frolic in a field of corgis with Philip again
I was really hoping she would hit 100. 

Or outlive Charles out of spite.
I've heard the phrase "King Charles" a couple times now in the past few minutes and I kinda hate it.
This last line from the Guardian’s obit got me:

“As many nations today mourn a queen, one family is mourning a mother of four, a grandmother of eight, and a great-grandmother of 12.” 

Rest In peace.
Damn. It was kinda expected after the news today but damn. Rip Liz
She died very quickly, which I guess is a good thing. She was told to rest due to her health, and before you knew it she was gone.
The last world leader to wear a WW2 uniform. 

A great testament to her duty and her longevity. Rest in peace.
RIP. The 2020s will go down as one of the most interesting periods in modern history. The amount of change that is happening on a global scale is staggering. Politics, ideology, government, war, pandemic, climate change, etc.
Can’t believe it. Seemed like she would live forever, like we all thought about Betty White.. Rest In Peace.
And Henry Kissinger is still alive, ain't that a son of a bitch.
She's the only head of state I've ever known (from Oz). Whilst she never had any real influence in the country, she was a figure of continuity and strength. May you rest in peace, QEII, you served with a dignity and selflessness that is unparalleled.
RIP. It actually happened.
I'm an American but it feels like a Era of history is ending. The second Elisabethian age.

The hearing of  the word King and Queen Consort be spoke was surreal.
She was two years away from being the longest ruling monarch. It's crazy to think how far humanity has advanced during her rule, she's been Queen longer than most people have been alive...
2nd longest ruling monarch in history. We will probably never see anything like this again. RIP The Queen
RIP. This is truly the end of an era. I wonder what this will mean for the future of the monarchy in the UK.
She saw 14 US Presidents come and go during her reign. RIP
A few runs short of a century but a good innings nonetheless
Money around the world is going to start looking a lot uglier and less regal
[deleted]
Her corgis gonna be sad
She died the same day my dad did.  
RIP Dad, RIP Elizabeth.
Honestly, good for her
She's been Queen for so long, you would've thought that she would live forever. However, time bows before no-one, & we all gotta go sometime.
Well fuck, this feels.. weird.
RIP

Will definitely feel weird to have a *King* of England for what seems like three generations now.
It seems, the 2020s will be remembered forever more, as the end of an era.

COVID. The War in Ukraine. The architect of the Cold War end, Gorbachev, dying. And now, one of the few beacons of stability left, the Queen.

It is... a strange feeling. Seeing monuments of certainty torn down. Especially for her, since nearly no one has lived with a different monarch, on the British throne.
This has been a surprisingly emotional day as a Brit, I’m not even a royalist and it’s so surreal to lose her. RIP your majesty.
There had always been something so reassuring as having a monarch who has seen so much tumultuous and world changing history, and persisted through it all. RIP Lizzie.
My favorite Queen Elizabeth II moment:

Ever since the United Kingdom became a constitutional monarchy, the King or Queen has stayed out of politics. This is seen as so fundamental that it is literally the first sentence on [the Royal family website](https://www.royal.uk/queen-and-government):

> As Head of State The Queen has to remain strictly neutral with respect to political matters.

But occasionally she still managed to find creative ways of expressing her political opinion. This is how she made her stance on Brexit hilariously clear (scroll down to the bottom, year 2017):  
https://www.boredpanda.com/queen-speech-brexit-trolling-prime-minister-united-kingdom/

Noone can ever convince me that the 2017 outfit choice was not very deliberate, so don't even try.
Christmas will be strange… first time in my lifetime that the monarch’s message to the nation will be not her
RIP. Already weird to hear people referring to the king and queen-consort.

Huge respect for her personally, end of an era.
Irish twitter is gonna show its whole ass today
Hearing bbc calling him King Charles is so strange
Give the old bird credit, she was going to live long enough to see Boris' resignation, come hell or high water.
I think she was 2 years away from being the longest serving monarch in history. I feel she was kinda cheated not to win the title. RIP.
Damn. We knew it was coming, but it's still suprising
Little did we know, she was the only one holding back the ravenous corgi hordes. Soon the nation will fall.
Don’t see the institution surviving for long after her.

Don’t care about the royals, but she was a piece of living history. RIP Liz.
I remember when i studied abroad thinking how interesting it would be to be in London to see a Royal funeral of the queen. That was EIGHTEEN years ago.
I've got a few decades on this planet, and for the first time in my life there will be a King of England.

So, doesn't every single postbox and a bunch of other stuff have her royal emblem on it? How long is it gonna take to swap aaaaall that stuff with Charles' logo?
A good reminder that regardless of color, race, gender, education, royalty or not, we will all eventually die, so better start living. RIP 🙏
My cousin has had a decade long bet with a family member over whether Jimmy Carter or the Queen would die first.

My cousin picked the underdog and said that Jimmy would outlive the Queen, and is now a cool $50 richer. Long live Jimmy.
That’s so sad. She did her duty till her death
weird watching this all morning, and finally hearing it announced live. RIP the queen
[deleted]
She was Queen before my parents were born and I’ll be 40 next year.
Scientist Stephen Hawking has died aged 76

Favorite Hawking anecdote, from [the Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2018/mar/14/stephen-hawking-professor-dies-aged-76):

>He began to use crutches in the 1960s, but long fought the use of a wheelchair. When he finally relented, he became notorious for his wild driving along the streets of Cambridge, not to mention the intentional running over of students’ toes and the occasional spin on the dance floor at college parties.
I wonder if any time travelers will come to his funeral.
[removed]
Will always remember him from this from my childhood

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg8_cKxJZJY

RIP
RIP to one of the greatest minds in the past century.
For all the jokes made at his expense, this man was at the cutting edge of physics and our place in the universe. RIP and hopefully future explorations and discovery does your legacy justice.
It's a shame but, I think he lived a very fulfilling life. He got an illness that usually kills most people in an incredibly short time, and then he lived out to a pretty healthy and average lifespan. All while being one of the most famous scientists of all-time, a person that was an inspiration and got so many others interested in science. 

I have nothing but respect for him, I don't think history will ever forget this man.
"I’m not afraid of death, but I’m in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first."


Stephen Hawking
Wow. This caught me off guard so hard.
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge." Rest In Peace Mr. Hawking.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0434  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/69704)
Absolutely gutted, what a man
He was a man that truly changed the world and the way we look at the world.  
There’s always those deaths where you read it & can’t believe that the news is real and this is one of them. Damn, RIP 🙏🏼
RIP to one of the smartest men in the world.
We’ve lost a true icon. 
"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious"

Is it weird to think he was gonna be like Christopher lee and just always be there? There is Hawking, in his chair. Almost unkillable.
I was really not expecting this, nor was I expecting to be so emotionally impacted. 

Damn. 

Rest in peace.
Even though he had a terrible disease, he still seemed to have an incredible amount of life inside of him. 

RIP
I have to read a Brief History of Time again.
He was given a life expectancy of 2 years in 1963, and died 55 years later. Dude probably outlived every single person involved in that diagnosis. Well played.
This man made ALS his bitch for decades
[deleted]
I was thinking the other day that I've been too young to see much history, all these geniuses I would read in textbooks had all died from hundreds to thirty years ago. Stephen Hawking though- one of the world's greatest minds- and I had the honor to have lived in his world.

I think the next few years in space exploration will do him proud, and I'm sure we will all wish he could stay to see them. 

I'm shocked 

Rest In Peace. 


The fact he made it this far was remarkable and really speaks volumes about his inner strength and fortitude.

RIP. Hes one of the rare men you know will never suffer a second death. He will be remembered for generations. 
End of an era. Holy shit. 
Wow, Totally in shock.

I don't normally get affected by celebrity deaths, but this one gets me, because he still had so much to give. 

A fighter his entire life. His name will never be forgotten, going down with the likes of Albert Einstein.
"I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first. "

~Stephen Hawking

Rest in peace, you will be missed.

As a current physics undergrad, Stephen Hawking was one of the people that got me into this amazing field in the first place.
:(
Thank you Mr. Hawking, you helped generations to wonder more. 
I grew up in Cambridge and my mum always tells me the story of how I ran in front of him once when I was young and nearly made him go into a ditch. Sorry. RIP.


The Theory of Everything is a great movie that details the life of Stephen Hawking, it gave me a whole new level of admiration for him because of everything he has endured. 
Man, that's a tough one.

I honestly thought he was gonna make it to 100 at least, rocking some cyborg parts. 
This is one of those deaths I knew had to eventually come but now that it's happened it doesn't exactly feel like it's actually happened. rip to a legend, one of the realest to ever do it
"It would not be much of a universe if it wasn't home to the people you love." - Professor Hawking
Statement: http://twitter.com/evanmcmurry/status/973767381431603206
Damn, just kinda never expected. 
He will go down in history as one of the world's most brilliant minds. In his memory, may more of his books be read.
*“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.”*

Thank you for helping us understand a little bit more...
History will remember this man, he will not be forgotten
World's lost one of its greatest people. Massive loss
We've lost one of our greatest minds.  It's a sad day.  
Died at the same age as Einstein. What a world.
I love what Neil Degrasse Tyson once said: if aliens came to Earth and saw most humans like we see most gorillas, Stephen Hawking would be the Koko who was bounds above the rest of us despite his physical limitations. 

Almost a shame that the Tesla heading to Mars couldn't take him on the ride - would have been a fitting end to a man who broke scientific barriers from the confines of a wheel chair.
Never thought he would've died this soon tbh 
Without Stephen Hawking the universe we know would be vastly different and the intelligence of the world would be vastly lower. The world is darker now with his passing
Oh wow. I knew he was sick, obviously, but this is still really shocking. 
This is a huge loss for the scientific community. His work inspired generations to come. His legacy will never be forgotten. Thanks for everything, Stephen
Greatest scientist since Einstein. He will be missed.
I honestly didn't see this coming at all. The world has lost one of its most gifted minds. RIP
Rest in peace to one of the greatest minds in history. He defied the odds for his entire life, and made the world a better place because of it. 
Let's give a shout to his caretakers also. Can't have been easy. A man in his condition needed assistance. Because he had great help, and a great mind, he was able to do great things.
On [Pi Day](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pi_Day), no less — RIP.
I feel like there will soon be a viral video of Neil deGrasse Tyson giving the most beautiful epilogue on Stephen Hawking and it’s going to make us laugh, cry, and once again remind us of our true place in this universe.
A sad day for his family, science and education.

He will be missed greatly. Hawking was unique, the definition of genius. What new insights have we lost?

My condolances to Lucy, Rob and Tim..and all that were privaliged to have shared time with professor Hawking.
Mr. u/ElonMusk,  I ask that you name your next shuttle after Hawking
A truly inspirational man who forever changed the world of science. 
A remarkably long life for someone suffering MND. I'll shed a tear but at the same time smile for the wonder that you did for this world.
Interview with John Oliver recently. 

"so proffessor, if there's an infinite number of universes, would that mean there is a universe where I am smarter than you"?

"yes. And also a universe where you are funny"

/r/murderedbywords

https://youtu.be/OPV3D7f3bHY
[deleted]
Did the windows shutdown music play during his death?
H-holy fuck, I... i'm speechless. Out of any famous person, this probably is hitting me the hardest. We've just lost one of the greatest minds of a generation. 

On a side note, I just realized that Mr. Hawking passed on Pi Day, kinda fitting.
"So when a black hole disappears, according to what Hawking proposes, information is lost forever, which is a problem, because quantum mechanics states that information can never be lost. Hence the paradox." Same paradox. You're gone, but you're not. Rest, Doctor.
The fact that he lived so long with his disease is a credit both to modern medicine and to his sheer strength of will.
For a guy with a 0 dex Score and a 0 strength score his constitution and intelligence score was out of this world. A sad loss
We are lesser now with his absence. RIP
The voice of a generation that came from a computerized voice. RIP.
I wonder if this will push world leaders to reinvest in scientific advancement
In 7th grade, A Brief History if Time changed the trajectory of my life. RIP Mr. Hawking, and thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Hawking. Truly an amazing man. 
This really made me tear up. I was already kinds sad just because of things unrelated to this, but hearing about this pushed me over the edge. 

RIP To Stephen Hawking. You shall live on forever in the minds of humans.
An inspiration to all, not just to scientists.
His voice was used in Pink Floyd's "Keep Talking".

Song will always give me chills, even though Dr Hawkings voice is taken from a cheesy commercial.

RIP you wonderful conciousness.

Edit: I'm listening to it now, RIP your genius voice, sir.
Jeffrey Epstein's autopsy more consistent with homicidal strangulation than suicide, Dr. Michael Baden reveals

[removed]
I did tech support for security and alarm systems for over 400 locations with six to eight cameras and sensors each for about a year. 90% of calls were just trying to explain to someone how to review recorded footage. The most common "malfunction" was when people leaving the location.. would flip the breakers and shut off power to the entire site. I think maybe once or twice did I have to send a tech out to service a camera. As a high estimate, that's like 0.08% failure rate. With people who don't even understand security or tech or can't figure out how to operate a simple remote.

These things are designed to run 24/7 for years without problems. The chances of specific cameras failing or footage being unusable around a specific time during a specific, high-profile event at a prison that has minute-to-minute experience and heavily relies on these systems is so astronomically low that I'd call it the worst cover-up in the history of murder. And that's before the fact that during this specific instance of all this failure, two guards didn't make their rounds for unknown reasons but only the rounds that pass by this specific location.
[removed]
I worked in the security Industry for years and a lot of that time was in a monitoring control room,

It was a somewhat rare occurrence for individual cameras to malfunction and most of the times that they did was from human interference,

knocking out of alignment,cable severed,hit with hammer etc
Suicide by homicidal strangulation. Nasty way to go.
So will there be an investigation or is this just going to be ignored? I'm going with the latter.
[removed]
I’m an just about as shocked about this as he was when he was being suicided.
[removed]
I'm shocked. Shocked, I tell you. Who else is shocked? I am shocked.
[removed]
So:

- his cellmate was moved out for no specified reason

- the guards that were supposed to watch him were both asleep (while on duty)

- the other guards failed to walk by his cell as part of their regular 30-minute rounds for 3 full hours

- the camera pointed at his cell happened to malfunction that day

- the camera pointed at the hallway leading to his cell also happened to malfunction

- nobody in the ops room noticed that 2 cameras were out, despite their entire job being to monitor the cameras

- his throat was crushed with more force than could have been generated by his own body weight

But it's cool; the original medical examiner ruled it a suicide, and we all know that ME's are uncorruptable paragons of virtue, just like prison staff.
[removed]
Well that Doctor is about to commit suicide.
[removed]
This was reported back in August, why are they making it seem like it is some breaking news?


https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/autopsy-finds-broken-bones-in-jeffrey-epsteins-neck-deepening-questions-around-his-death/2019/08/14/d09ac934-bdd9-11e9-b873-63ace636af08_story.html
[removed]
I know like... justice and all, but imagine how scared he must have been, how much pain he must have been in... shit puts a smile on my face that maybe just maybe he understood how all those children felt for al those years
This doctor Baden should be careful he doesn't die of multiple suicidal gunshots while hanging out of his canoe falling down a building lifting weights in his hot tub.
I wish I could post that gif of Nicholas Cage saying “You don’t say!”
surprisedpikachuface.jpg
I am jack’s total lack of surprise
[an interesting article about Dr. Baden and his removal as Chief Medical Examiner of NY -- 1979](https://www.nytimes.com/1979/08/01/archives/koch-removes-baden-as-the-citys-medical-examiner-koch-referring-to.html)
The only meme I see that both the Right and Left folks post in agreement is that Epstein was murdered. Now whther Bill Clinton’s and Trump’s connections to Epstein matter to them is a different story.
On a side note, how is "Homicidal Strangulation" NOT the name of a thrash metal band?
Dr Baden seems like a good guy, gonna be sad to see him commit suicide in the next few weeks
[removed]
Welp, that Doctor is probably going to get "suicided" now.
Now that's a twist. The guy that oversaw JFK and MLK and was involved with OJ and the no.1 guy who people thought would help cover up just did the opposite.
This investigation isn't going to lead to anything. If this billionaire pedophile ring gets blown open, I'll delete my Reddit account.
Somebody put Dr. Baden on suicide watch!
I, for one, am whelmed. Simply whelmed.
[removed]
I’m just relieved that this will rejuvenate the daily reminders that “Epstein was killed to cover for rich pedophile” posts. They were almost slowing down.
Too bad both guards fell asleep on a conveniently placed giant pile of money
Didn't an earlier report come out after the initial examination saying this? He had certain bones broken that only break in a low percentage of suicides but often show up in homicides
This isn't new information. The injuries he sustained are more common with homicide but can still be found in suicides. This suggests that Epstein may have been murdered, it doesn't prove anything in itself.
Why do news outlets keep reporting things that have already been reported as though they had not?
Why don't they just look at the surveillance camera recordings to see what happened?
I explained why this was most likely the case when it happened. My comment/post had 11k upvotes and a mod erased it without explanation.
I am Jeffery’s complete lack of surprise.
I’d like to see this reported on a non-Murdoch entity.
