[Highlight] NO vs MIN - Diggs game-winning TD reception

RIP 100 year old lady who I assume had multiple heart attacks over that last 30 seconds.
Case Keenum even had a hard time believing what happened.
I feel like Case Keenum’s initial reaction was “I can’t fucking believe that Case Keenum just did that.”
This years Championship Game Quarterbacks:

Brady

Keenum 

Foles 

Fucking Bortles
[deleted]
*VIKING NOISES*
I’m speechless. Great game. 
How the hell do you whiff that tackle so badly?
This is the least Vikings thing all time 
This is going down in history. 
how do you post this so fast
How
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
What on earth was that saints DB doing? Whiffed the hit and took out his own teammate... Absolutely insane finish. 
[deleted]
Marcus Williams? Hello?
This is one of the coolest moments I've ever witnessed. Congratulations, Vikings. That was fucking awesome.
Dude missed Diggs and blocked his own teammate
The most sensational end to a game I’ve seen in years holy fucking shit
Holy fuck
What the fuck was that
#WHAT THE FUCK!
[deleted]
This doesn't get said very often, but good call Joe Buck you sumbitch 
WHAT THE FUCK

Edit: Mad respect for the Saints players who came back out for that last snap. That brain fart by Williams reminds me of Flacco’s mile high magic though. Gutted for Breesus. Go Bears!
THE VIKINGS SAVED THEMSELVES AND THEIR FANS SELF ESTEEM 
[Mirror - ImgTC](https://imgtc.com/w/VgZoHE6)

[Mirror - Streamable](https://streamable.com/tlg5q)
Somewhere Jeff Fisher is taking credit for that play. "I pretty much taught Case Keenum everything"
Can we all just appreciate Joe Buck for possibly having the best call of his career? Just the perfect amount of disbelief and excitement for this play. 
European guy here, I was in a mad studying session for tomorrow's exam (its 3 AM here) and I just turned this on to take a break, even though I hardly watch any NFL.
I might have just seen one of the most memorable plays in history havent I?
Labor and delivery nurses in Minnesota will be busy around September. 
4D chess on getting a TD instead of risking losing another season on a field goal.
#IF YOU DON'T LIKE THAT YOU DON'T LIKE NFL FOOTBALL
[deleted]
**CAN YOU DIGG IT!?!?!?**
Keep your damn eyes up and watch what you hit.
[removed]
One of the worst defensive plays I've seen. Reminds me of Den-Bal a few years ago
Perfect call by Buck there. Excitement, conveyed the play perfectly, then shut up and let the crowd do the talking. He's a different commentator than he was a few years ago.
Wow I bet this play will have an impact on the game’s outcome
This moment man. I can watch it over and over. You can feel the defeat of the Vikings crowd. Like an overcast hanging low over a gray city. They're all thinking "I can't believe this is happening again" or "we were so fucking close". Then, the ball from Keenum seems to loft on forever. Diggs is in a crowd. There are two defenders *right there* with him. That catch is pure magic. It makes my face tingle. Hearing the announcer yell "DIGGS" and hearing the roar of the crowd as he sails into the endzone. The triumph of holding up the ball to the crowd saying "Not this time. I brought you this." And then throwing his helmet to wherever it lands. This is why I watch the NFL. To watch this happen live is just exhilarating. All I have to say is SKOL.
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Blake Bortles and Tom Brady have a combined 5 Super Bowl championships and 4 SB MVPs between them. Should be a legendary QB matchup next week
Shoutout to Joe Buck for a good call on the play and not having a horrific voice crack
Williams: I'd like a crucial interception to set up a comeback in the 2nd half.

*Monkey paw curls finger.*
That was legitimately one of the worst situational tackle attempts I have ever seen. 

Need to bring him down in bounds, even out of bounds is a 45 yard field goal. Goes for the haymaker tackle with his head down and no arms.  
Wow 2nd highest post all-time on this sub 
Williams whiffed the tackle and took out the Saints player with the next best shot at making the tackle. Damn.
And Drew Brees is let down again
WJAT JUST HAPPENED???????
Williams with the worst play in NFL history 
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK I'M SO GLAD I GOT TO SEE THAT LIVE
Missing that tackle is worst than missing in tball 
That was the biggest fuck up I’ve ever seen.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/1tFDsL_mwBY/maxresdefault.jpg
[deleted]
The way he chucks his helmet with total disregard to human life = total badass
What a terrible "tackle".
just commenting to document i was here for the all time #1 /r/nfl post
Marcus Williams leveled Manti Teo’s ex-girlfriend on that play.
Easily the craziest win I’ve ever seen 
"He's playing okay." - Mike Zimmer on Case Keenum after game winning TD pass.
What a fucking way to end this game. 
**"Keenum steps into it...pass issss...caught! DIGGS!! SIDELINE!! TOUCHDOWN!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!"**
Keenum is the franchise. Crown him.
Worst blown coverage I’ve ever seen given the situation. 
That's the worst defensive play in NFL history.
What a fucking throw
If 43 doesnt try and take out his legs the saints win that game
another view from the sideline cam

https://twitter.com/Vikings/status/952737772321767424
That tackle attempt reminds me of when I play rocket league.
SKOL
DIGGS!!!!! Repping UMD!!!
If the Vikings win it all this year, this play will become fucking iconic 

Edit: Word
[Comment with a mirror](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/7qg5lv/highlight_no_vs_min_diggs_gamewinning_td_reception/dsrvvvg/)
This might be the most emotion I've ever heard from Joe Buck
Great call by Joe Buck too.  I know he takes a lot of shit on here
I'm gay, but chats moving so fast no one will see this
if youre a saints fan reading this then this is what you deserve for all the 28-3 jokes
RAHIM MOORE 2.0 
Vikes fans went nuts with the gold giveaway lol
Diggs throws helmet: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!
Marcus Williams what is you doing?
So are we allowed to stop the 'Joe Buck is an emotionless robot' circlejerk yet? Because that was a great call
It’s like when you switch to a player in madden mid play and fuck up the tackle, miss entirely.
This is one of those plays that'll be replayed over and over, even 10 years from now. Just one of those plays that'll really stick in the history of the NFL.
IT'S DESTINY.  THE VIKINGS DIDN'T CHOKE!  THE VIKINGS DIDN'T CHOKE!!! 
I don't want to be a stickler for the rules here guys but Diggs clearly gets an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty following the score for taking his helmet off. The XP attempt should have been from the 17 not the 2... we're gonna have to get everyone out again and re-kneel that from the proper spot. Sorry guys rules is rules.
Would love to hear the local radio call on that play. 

Edit: found it [here](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SaFn8cqBThI&feature=youtu.be) 
[Highlight] Dolphins score on the final play to beat the Pats

What the fucking shit.
(Resets PS4)
down 5 with :07 left, just where we want them
I underestimated the Dolphins at home against the Patriots for the LAST TIME
The annual win in South Florida lives on!!! Wtf
Gronk died on that play...
WHAT JUST HAPPENED
Welllllllll I think Gronk's career at safety might be over
HOW DID YOU POST THIS SO FAST
See Miami, this is what happens when you wear the correct uniforms. 
69 yards!

Edit: Here's a [mirror,](https://streamable.com/thlcy)     just in case the NFL decides to delete the original.
That's some of the laziest defense I've ever seen
in a Dolphins season that has had some highs and lows, this makes the entire thing worth it for me
People hate the Pats so much this fucking thing got gilded 15x.
My cousin is a huge Dolphins fan, and rages out irrationally harder than any person I've ever seen while watching football. I was just informed that he turned the game off before this play happened and threw his remote and broke it
MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS!
Miami you absolute fucking legends. 
PLAY OF THE YEAR
Coach: “Gronk, the only way they win is if they go 69 yards and score. Don’t let that happen”

Gronk (tuning everything out after he hears 69): “Nice”
CBS just said the Perriman TD was the play of the day. Oops 
MIAMI MIRACLE HOLY SHIT
I've watched this at least 20 times now
THATS FOR 18 YEARS OF MISERY YOU FUCKS
Selling vials of Miami Swamp Water, pour on your field to keep the Brady away.
First last second lateral play in NFL history to actually win the game
BRADY IS 7-10 IN MIAMI

THIS WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST GAMES OF MY LIFE HOLY FUCK
Are you fucking kidding me?
WOOO! IM FUCKING MY GIRLFRIEND IN THE ASS TONIGHT
The annuel fuck you game continues
Death, taxes and the Patriots losing in Miami
Wow that's gotta be like the most embarrassing way to lose a football game in the last 10 years.
The Patriots and pissing away the 1 seed in Miami. Name a more iconic duo.
Having Gronk back there was an obvious mistake. Tannehill's not going to throw it 70 yards into the endzone (requiring a big body to knock the ball down) and Gronk's not a tackler. 
"This was the turning point on the Dolphins Superbowl LIII Championship Season..." 
PLAY OF THE WEEK! THATS MY TEAM!!!! 
I am physically ill.
AHHHHHHH
holy fuck
I do not like that.
I’ve already rubbed one out to this three times and it happened 30 minutes ago 
That is a candidate for best last play of any game ever.  Just gotta admire it.   Witnessed history.  The Miami Miracle?
Holy fuck what a game 
Today, we are all Dolphins!
LOVE THE DRAKE
I've carefully analyzed and researched every Patriots fan in view at the end and I've come to the conclusion that they didn't enjoy this.
ESPN Gamecast win probability for Pats went from 99.9% to 0% pretty quick!
I love all the 12 jerseys in the crowd, just standing there stunned lmao
THE BAND IS ON THE FIELD!
Ah, our annual "let's go into Miami and lose an important game" game. Love it.
Gronk why are you so damn slow 
Derrick Henry's 99 yard run is the play everyone will be talking about this week!

Miami Dolphins : *"Lateral my beer."*
Our defense is fucking trash.
Dolphins won because they wore those sexy ass jerseys. Top 3 jersey of any kind in the NFL ever. My God they're perfect
IF YOU DON’T LIKE THAT, YOU DON’T LIKE NFL FOOTBALL
It's a shame this wasn't a playoff game.
Brady just can’t win in MIA lol 
Major, major props to #62 on the Dolphins. O lineman hustling 50 yards down the field to make the key block. Dude deserves to be recognized.
A hook and ladder play to beat a dynastic rival by exactly one point on the last play of the game? That is prime daydream material. Insane play!
Let's just go ahead and pin this one mods
Sometimes I ask myself why I’m a fan of Miami because we’re always so mediocre, and then the annual pats game in miami rolls around and keeps me going through next year
Seeing all the Miami love warms my heart❤

Better enjoy it while it lasts haha 
We seriously just witnessed an all-time NFL highlight. Wow.
NICE. 
When patriots lose, America wins. 
I'm sure there have been some great scoring plays this year, but this has to be in the Top 1. 
I could watch Drake beat Gronk to the outside as he stumbles on a loop forever. 
Dolphins are my new favorite animal.
Holy fuck. Only other lateral play that worked was the saints one but they missed the xp and lost anyways. 
So maybe Gronk isn't the best safety on the planet. Oops.
I want to hear the Patriots radio broadcast of the play.  
Who’s 87 and why’s he playing safety...and why’d he stumble? and that’s GRONK! WTF 
In case you were wondering, this is kinda like how it felt to lose the super bowl. 
Miami Miracle!
*puts entire video into spoon*

*boils with a lighter*

*injects deep into vein in neck*

🤤
DRAKE, SIDELINE, TOUCHDOWN, DOLPHINS WIN IT!!!
We technically needed the Pats to win but I'll never be sad to watch them lose. 
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/027/475/Screen_Shot_2018-10-25_at_11.02.15_AM.png
Just like we drew it up
#I WANNA LIVE!
NO ONE TALK TO ME FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK
What an amazing game! Couldn’t believe this! I was screaming at the top of my lungs. 

Absolutely a miracle finish! So proud of this team today! Fought all game! GG Patriots!

“The Miami Miracle”!
Watched it live at the Patriots bar i work at in San Diego. The whole bar went insane and one of the servers started laughing and saying "that was so awesome holy shit" to which the Patriots fans replied "you're not getting any tips today." 
Every Time the pats take an L is a good day of football 
In the immortal words of the great Jim Mandich...

Awwwright Miami!
Thanks Dolphins! You da best!
Just leaving my mark on this historic moment don’t mind me
The bar I was in erupted when this happened and I don’t think there were any dolphins or patriots fans there.
Its nice to see New England get an fat L at the expense of the trickery miami dolphins 
BEST. DAY. EVER.
Oh man, even the ticker read 33-28 at the end of the 4th. 

https://gyazo.com/adad421162d588078c18310c2f2dc543
Awesome! Get fucked New England!
NFL gonna change the rule on lateral backward passing after the rule worked against the Patriots.
Gronk ALLOWED the 69-yard touchdown. 
any other coach, and the media is making him a pariah. 

&#x200B;

Gronk looked ridiculous out there.
The Phinish.
"This will end it."
[deleted]
Miami will always haunt New England.

Couldn't have a perfect season and playoff just like Miami and can't even beat Miami at home.

The Miami Curse is in full effect. 
i’ve never seen this play work in any game i’ve ever watched but i’m glad it happened to the patriots 
Funny how this is the second most upvoted thing but Patriots are still wining the superbowl. Oh the irony
Best thing I’ve seen this year. 

I love Gronk but damn he was not expecting that at all. AT ALL.
no fucking way
What a save! What a save! What a save!
As a patriots fan, I am heart broken and angry. But, as a pure fan of the sport of football, I am in pure awe. That kind of, last second ditch effort, balls to the walls, play never really works out successfully. Truly a joy to watch as a fan of the sport.
Gronkowski looked like Frankenstein
Your Gronk is malfunctioning
Ok this kinda makes me feel better about our loss to Miami weeks ago.
Bill Simmons on suicide watch
Pats deserved to lose. Missed extra point. Missed field goal. Brady took a sack at the end of the first half that should've been a free 3 points had he thrown it away. That's 7 easy points they threw away.

Tough play to watch, but credit to Miami. They always play us tough at home. And wow our defense gave up like 6 plays of over 30 yards today.

And the defense spoiled Brady's best start since the Superbowl. Tough to watch.
CRAZY OVERREACTION -

If MIA wins out, then the Patriots need to win 2/3 or else they miss the playoffs. Yeah Patriots have bad teams in BUF and NYJ at home but divisional games can get real freaking weird and their other game is PIT on the road.
62 laid a *murder block* on 23 holy fuck
[deleted]
You gotta be kidding me, first time I witness this happening
MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS
Patriots and losing in Miami in December, name a better duo.

Go ahead, I'll wait..
I WAS HERE
HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN
The dolphins are now 7-6 with a -55 scoring differential.  
[me repeatedly watching this](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--H8nn6YFS--/erxcdjlfkleigcdylrvo.gif)
[NFL Update on Twitter]Tom Brady now has more Super Bowl wins than all 32 NFL franchises.

Tom Brady is now all by himself in 5th place for most playoff wins. By franchises.

Patriots 37

Packers 36

Steelers 36

Cowboys 35

Brady 34\*

Edit: Brady is now 34-11 all time in the playoffs. Only 7 QBs have ever beaten him in a playoff game.
Somewhere, Michael Jordan is taking this personally
Not bad for being a 43 year old who was selected 199th overall.
Brady is gonna end up retiring at 65 like the rest of us
Tom Brady has won 12.7% of all Super Bowls.
When you realize Tom Brady’s  kids have been on that podium more times then any other quarterback has appeared in the Super Bowl in history
Tom Brady in his 40s might be a HOF career. 3 Super Bowl appearances, 2 rings, 1 MVP. Fucking ridiculous
My man took out Brees, Rodgers AND Mahommes to get the 7th. Legit disgusting.
7 RINGS LIKE WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Holy shit now that’s a stat
Alexa play 7 Rings by Ariana Grande
I'm starting to think Brady left New England just so he could have the most Super Bowl wins by himself just to spite the NFL as a whole.
Shannon Sharpe & Max Kellerman are in shambles.
I can’t wait until he has more than all 32 franchises combined.
If you divide Tom Bradys career in half and judge each half on superbowl success alone, the first half of his career is the fourth most successful QB career of all time, with five appearances and three wins. The second half, with five appearances and four wins, is the most successful of all time.
Split Tom's career in 3rds. He'd have 3 HOF careers.
I am 28. I don't remember an NFL before Tom Brady.
He thew his only TDs to Brown and Gronk.

It's basically New England
Brady really went on a huge fuck you revenge tour this playoffs.  

People say he can't win without Bill? He goes to Tampa.  

Brees has all the regular season throwing stats, Brady beats him.  

People say Rodgers is the most talented QB of all time, Brady beats him.  

People hyping up Mahomes as the one to unseat Tom, Brady beats him too.
Beyond words, nothing else to say. He was the GOAT two rings ago and he does this at age 43. Love him, hate him, marvel at what you're seeing right now because we will never witness anything close to this ever again.
They gotta retire Brady's number league wide.
Tom “fucking 7 rings” Brady.
Tom Brady did not need this super Bowl to be the GOAT, now he is just slinging his dick around.
I know that the talk is all about Brady and the TB defense, but Gronkowski is a goddamn superhero.
THEY CANT LET HIM KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS
Only won because of Belichick though, right?
Don't | Don't

Shit | Shit

Talk | Talk 

Tom | Tom 

Brady | "HEY TOM FUCK YOU AND YOUR DUMB WIFE!"
So he already had the Infinity Gauntlet. Is this one a dick ring?
I cannot wait for the talking heads to all explode tomorrow lmao
Is this how it felt when MJ was winning?
49ers could have had 12 Lombardis by now

They had this kid right across the bay
Incredible. We’ll never see anything like this again. He’s a living legend.
That's my system QB.
I was a Brady hater. “It’s all Belichick” “Rodgers is the GOAT”. I’m fucking wrong.
death, taxes, and Brady in February
If you only count the LEGAL points Kansas City is winning this game! BY A LOT!
This is ridiculous
GOAT?
I think he also has more playoff victories over Mahomes than the rest of the NFL combined.
HE CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS!
Which trophy gets named after him in the future?
Should the NFL just make an exception and induct Brady into the Hall of Fame PRE-RETIREMENT!?

Just incredible...smug bastard haha!

Oh, and I’m a 9er fan and can recognize the greatness that is Tom on field
Dread from it, run from it…Brady arrives all the same
Leadership. He doesn’t have the strongest arm. Can’t run for shit. Can’t out physical a defender. But he can give a team confidence.
I've always been hesitant on calling him the GOAT, but he's the fucking GOAT.
Max Kellerman convinced that cliff is right around the corner though.
Perhaps the greatest achievement in professional sports
“He’s gonna fall off a cliff any day now...”-Max kellerman, like 5 years ago.
[deleted]
Michael Jordan, Wayne Gretzky, Tom Brady
Patrick Mahomes will always be triggered by the mere thought of Tom Brady.

Brady owns that franchise.
GOAT
Never bet against brady. From siming the pats versus the panthes on my ps2 to today. I've learned. Thank you Brady for the blessing on my bank account.
Tom Brady has now equaled the dwarf lords
Math still undefeated
Brady is gonna end up retiring at 65 like the rest of us
Lifelong Miami Dolphins fan here.  

I /hate/ Tom Brady.

Also; Tom Brady is without question/argument, the absolute greatest quarterback of all time.
That's some Gretzky shit.
Good shit Tom. I don't hate you for our crippling SB loss, but kinda do. GOAT status confirmed
Tom Brady was the dynasty all along...
Out of 10, Tom Brady will win more Super Bowls than Shaq will make free throws.
The Gretzky of the NFL without question.
The best there ever was
[Tom Brady] These past two months I’ve realized my place is still on the field and not in the stands. That time will come. But it’s not now. I love my teammates, and I love my supportive family. They make it all possible. I’m coming back for my 23rd season in Tampa. Unfinished business LFG

Mf said two months with the kids is ENOUGH
That son of a bitch
Excuse me!?
Wtf, man already got bored, bad man never left
Rip to that guy that spent 500k on Brady’s “final” TD ball
I won’t believe he’s retired until he’s been dead for twenty years
Brady’s family spent 2 months with him and told him to get a fucking job. Lol.
Tom Brady heard Gronk wanted to play with Burrow and didn’t like the idea of Gronk with another man. This is the only answer I’m willing to accept.
WHAT THE FUCK TOM I WAS TOLD THE NFC WAS GOING TO BE WEAK
I credit Ronaldo for getting this news to drop
Somehow, Tom Brady has returned
Ronaldo knew what was up
Brady saw Cristiano Ronaldo score a hat trick in person and was like “nvm im back”
#WTF
Big Ben: "you know what I'm not done either"

Steelers: "don't you fucking dare"
Aaron Rodgers: Ayo what the FUCK
BAD MAN IS BACK TO HURT ME
Yo that’s not how this is supposed to work
I think that $500k football dropped in value LMAO
**WHAT THE FUCK.**
He's way past his prime now. It's been almost a full three months since he's played football. Absolutely not in shape. Also, the game has changed too much since he played -- I don't think he can adjust to the new style of play.
He boomed me
This dude is addicted to competing like I’m addicted to fat asses and good beer. I knew he was gonna play. I fuckin knew it.
wtf, he didn't even draw it out like Favre, only lasted a month lol
These past two months I’ve realized my place is still on the field as there’s a deep drive into left field and that’ll make it a 4-0 ball game.
damn this man spent 2 months with his family and decided "that's enough time"
I don’t think he’ll be the same, he probably had at least 2-3 strawberries in his retirement. How will he ever get back into football shape?
Brady: I wanna spend time with my family

*2 months later*

Brady: so my family sucks.
HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
WHAT THE FUCK!???
Rumors of Bucs interest in Watson begin to spread

Brady: You're going to replace me with that mother fucker?! Give me the fucking ball you clowns
THATS TOM BRADYS MUSIC!!!
Kyle Trask in shambles
Brady said fuck them kids after one month of family time lmao
Somehow Palpatine returned.
Poor dude paid 500k for his "final" TD ball the other day lol.
C'mon man, just give us one season.
Rodgers really thought this man was just going to let him have the NFC. Lol.

We're going to mortgage the future running back a slightly worse squad just to lose to Tom Brady in the NFC championship game aren't we...
bad man is back. fuck.
Saw Ronaldo and was inspired
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
#HOLY SHIT
God damn you Brady. Just go away
Lmao everyone fucking called it. This man is too competitive to quit when he's still playing at a high level.
Brady saw $6 gas prices and said I need to run it back.
YOOOO LETS FUCKING GO
Spent a month with his family and no football prep and said FUCK THIS SHIT SUCKS
Schefter punching the air rn
like why
RIP to that dude who bought Bradys last touchdown for $518k
How is this a repost? He literally tweeted it 4 minutes ago and this post went up four minutes ago.
Brady got a taste of family life and said fuck that.
Announces right after the last TD football sold. That is brutal.
CAN YOU JUST FUCK OFF
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Man retired for 15 minutes
Brady saw what was happening in the AFC West and decided whoever comes out of that conference is going to be punch drunk when they get to the Super Bowl.
oh fuck off
How pissed is the dude who just bought his “final” TD ball earlier today for $518k lol
HOLY FUCK
In the grimdark future of the NFL, Tom Robo-Brady stands over the battered corpse of another promising young quarterback as he adds his 75th ring to the superbowl gauntlet. The souls of a thousand wide receivers scream as they are sacrificed, keeping his once-human frame intact.

Is he a machine, born of flesh? Is he a man, constructed from steel? Once, he would have screamed. Now he simply analyses, detached, unblinking, awaiting his next command. Bruce Arians has long been dead; he had been arrogant to believe he could ever truly possess this weapon. Suddenly, a noise; a cacophany in the otherwise silent stadium. "To live in the past is to die in the present, Tommy". Robo-Brady's head snaps up at the voice of his true master. "Did I do good?" He asks, an almost human tone of urgency in his voice. Belichick rests his hand on Robo-Brady's shoulder panel. "Yes, Tommy. Come... Let us plan for next year."
*in best Michael Scott voice*

#NO GOD NO PLEASE NOOOOOOOOO
Yo that guy sold that ball at exactly the right time lmfao
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING
Thread moving so fast nobody will realize that I eat ass

Edit: Who knew that some brown could get me my first gold. Thank you very much kind stranger
This mf really just spent two months at home being a dad and was like "ya this ain't it"
Is a mod alt karma farming?  This was the first post about Brady's comeback yet its getting removed
This dude is gonna climb outta the coffin at his own funeral and announce he's returning for a 67th season
HE HAS RISEN
Favre retirement speedrun
He should play for vet minimum to be a dick.
JUST WHEN THEY THOUGHT HE WAS OUT...
#Tom Brady: This house is a fucking prison! On Planet Bullshit! In the galaxy of This Sucks Camel Dick!
What unfinished business is he even talking about, lol
“I had to watch a fucking soccer game today. I’m back. ” - Tom Brady
Dang it
TOM BRADY SAID FUCK SCHEFTER
Dude just retired to fuck up big Bens retirement then comes back a month later.
NOOOOOOOO
GO AWAY THOMAS FUCKKKK
Man saw Ronaldo score a hat trick said fuck that I’m coming back
My mom told me the bad man can’t hurt me anymore. She was wrong 😑
Why won’t the bad man go away
He was still pissed about how the announcement went.  He’s running it back just to retire his way.  LOL
Brady - dude Giselle is making me fold laundry   
Gronk - haha don’t you guys have maids for that stuff   
Brady - I can’t take this anymore  
Gronk - what are you gonna do man  
Brady - I’m coming back  
Gronk - coming back where?  
Brady - to play football  
Gronk - but you retired  
Brady - I know Rob. And now I’m coming back.   
Gronk - does that mean I can’t go on this cruise I’ve been planning during training camp? 😔
He’s like a supervillain. This is the post credits scene
New England Patriots are the Super Bowl LI Champions
34-28 Final

Kraft throwing deflategate shade during that speech. Fuckin classic
And decades from now we will still hear tale of when Lady Gaga rallied the Patriots from a 21-3 halftime deficit to win Super Bowl 51. 
The boos lmao
Holy fuck thank god I'm actually a Bears fan
Teams who get a pick-6 in the Superbowl are now only 12-1. 
Teams who have a 11+ point lead in the Superbowl are no longer undefeated. 
Teams that held a 19+ point lead at the half in the postseason are now 93-1.
 Let all those sink in. 

Edit: Turns out I'm wrong. Do research before you speak, kids.
And once again, the North has burned Atlanta to the ground.
What the fuck just happened
If im in a championship game/series i might let the other team take a big lead because clearly those teams have been cursed

To the guy who said this Superbowl needed to compete with other finals, it did. Warriors blew a 3-1 lead. Indians blew a 3-1 lead. Falcons blew a 25 point lead as is tradition.
These were not the Tom Brady Superbowl tears I requested
Everyone booing Goodell was amazing
https://imgur.com/gallery/VNaUc
Michael Floyd drunk drove him self to a championship ring.
Falcons had a chance to put this game away.

4 minutes left, had the ball in field goal range. Tried to throw the ball, took a sack. Tried to throw again, holding call. Got pushed out of field goal range. If they just run it twice it's an 11 point game with 3:30 left and new england would have been out of timeouts. 

How do you fuck that up???
This is the most Atlanta thing in Atlanta history 
Lady Gaga had more yards in the air than the Falcons did the second half. 
You're on the 22 with 4 minutes left and up 8. Just run the damn ball 3 times and kick a field goal. Huge choke job. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold!
That transition from being one of the most boring Super Bowl's of all-time to the most exciting happened so fast I'm still struggling to catch my breath. 
#The Atlanta Falcons Have Been Eliminated From Championship Contention
Shout out to the refs. I honestly can't think of one botched call that determined the games outcome. Outside of some jersey holds  that were extremely difficult to spot, really solid call, let the men play ball.

That ref that called Eldlemans catch deserves a raise.
That's right, the entire crowd savages Goodell during his entire presentation.

Fuck you Gooey.
jfc, we are a meme now
im kissing that motherfucker

im kissing this fucking bitch

hey hey kiss this fucking bitch

mute audio


I never watch football.

After this game, holy shit, I get it now.

I thought it was sealed until the 4th quarter, just wow.
**"Kiss this motherfucker, tongue it!"**
http://i.imgur.com/cjIx5aQ.png
How does Julio Jones finish that game with only 4 targets?

It's simple, if he's open, throw it to him, if he's covered, throw it to him and let him show off his athleticism.

Edit: For those saying he was doubled all game...I know. He was doubled on all 4 targets also...4 catches 87 yards.

Edit #2: 4 targets is the fewest in a game for Julio since his rookie season in 2011. 
Kyle Shanahon with some of the worst play calling I've ever ever seen in a situation like this. Trust me I should know.
lmao goodell left immediately

Lmfao


R.I.P Goodell
**Hello here are some gifs**

1 [Edelman picks up 9 for the 1st catch of the game](https://gfycat.com/EntirePhysicalJellyfish)

2 [Dion Jones stops LG short of a 1st down](https://gfycat.com/InbornLimpingBlackmamba)

3 [Devonte Freeman 37yd](https://gfycat.com/UnfitDisguisedBronco)

4 [Flowers sacks Ryan for -12](https://gfycat.com/SpotlessBleakAfricanwildcat)

5 [Brady to Edelman or Amendola who knows some scrappy white guy for 13](https://gfycat.com/SpitefulBarrenAmmonite)

6 [White breaks a tackle to get to the 40](https://gfycat.com/PepperyShamelessAsianconstablebutterfly)

7 [Brady sacked by Upshaw -9](https://gfycat.com/EnchantedHoarseKilldeer)

8 [Jarrett sacks Brady to end the drive](https://gfycat.com/CharmingWaterloggedAuk)

9 [Branch pressure ends the Falcons’ drive](https://gfycat.com/FluidBigAfricanelephant)

10 [Brady to Edelman for 13](https://gfycat.com/EmbarrassedPitifulIridescentshark)

11 [Brady to Edelman for 27](https://gfycat.com/FrankHandsomeBoa)

12 [Deion Jones strip fumble](https://gfycat.com/GargantuanRectangularIbis)

13 [Ryan to Jones 13yd](https://gfycat.com/LawfulRipeGnu)

14 [Ryan to Jones again](https://gfycat.com/LividSlushyGreathornedowl)

15 [Freeman TD](https://gfycat.com/GracefulTanJaguarundi)

16 [Great stop by Goodwin to end the Patriots’ drive](https://gfycat.com/SilverDependentArchaeocete)

17 [Ryan to Gabriel 24yd](https://gfycat.com/FondWelllitAuklet)

18 [Ryan to Jones sideline catch](https://gfycat.com/WelloffGlisteningBovine)

19 [Ryan to Hooper TD](https://gfycat.com/GrandioseRegularIbizanhound)

20 [Brady to Bennett for a 1st down](https://gfycat.com/MellowShorttermIberianmole)

21 [Alford pick 6](https://gfycat.com/UnsungEnchantedCassowary)

22 [Brady to Bennett floating catch](https://gfycat.com/EachFlakyAffenpinscher)

23 [Brady to White 28yd](https://gfycat.com/ExcellentQuestionableIrishterrier)

24 [Gost puts the Pats on the board](https://gfycat.com/FoolhardySpeedyAchillestang)

25 [Hightower stops Freeman for -3](https://gfycat.com/ResponsibleUncommonGrouse)

26 [Edelman 34yd return](https://gfycat.com/RichPointlessKissingbug)

27 [Big Catch by Gabriel](https://gfycat.com/LazyNeatBengaltiger)

28 [Another huge catch by Gabriel](https://gfycat.com/OldNeglectedAllosaurus)

29 [Coleman TD](https://gfycat.com/PleasingWastefulElver)

30 [Brady to White for 12](https://gfycat.com/RevolvingSnoopyGull)

31 [Brady to Amendola for 17](https://gfycat.com/UntidyRareBonobo)

32 [Brady rushes on 3rd and 8](https://gfycat.com/GrimyShockedDrongo)

33 [Helmets locked up](https://gfycat.com/TotalFlimsyAntelopegroundsquirrel)

34 [White TD](https://gfycat.com/SaneBreakableDegu)

35 [Onside](https://gfycat.com/EarlyElementaryIriomotecat)

36 [Nice breakup by Chung](https://gfycat.com/LightheartedMatureGazelle)

37 [Van Noy sacks Ryan](https://gfycat.com/FirstIdleGrayfox)

38 [Brady to Mitchell 17](https://gfycat.com/PersonalCriminalBordercollie)

39 [Brady to Mitchell for another big gain](https://gfycat.com/BouncyAntiqueIzuthrush)

40 [Brady to Bennett to the 10](https://gfycat.com/WhirlwindCreamyHornshark)

41 [Jarrett sacks Brady](https://gfycat.com/SkeletalBriskAustralianfurseal)

42 [Jarrett sacks Brady again](https://gfycat.com/ZestyUltimateIceblueredtopzebra)

43 [Hightower forces a fumble](https://gfycat.com/ScholarlyBountifulAbyssiniancat)

44 [Freeny sacks Brady](https://gfycat.com/WeepyPopularBlackandtancoonhound)

45 [Brady to Amendola TD](https://gfycat.com/UntimelyThatBellfrog)

46 [Direct snap 2 point by White](https://gfycat.com/GrizzledLeftGoshawk)

47 [Freeman wide open for 39yd](https://gfycat.com/CreativePartialFlea)

48 [Unbelievable Julio Jones sideline catch](https://gfycat.com/SplendidUnrealisticGrebe)

49 [Flowers sacks Ryan](https://gfycat.com/BlushingTidyAfricanpiedkingfisher)

51 [Brady to Edelman insanity catch](https://gfycat.com/HorribleLimpingGoldenmantledgroundsquirrel)
*omg this url I can’t even*

52 [Brady to Amendola to the 20](https://gfycat.com/OrnateClumsyAmericanquarterhorse)

53 [White TD](https://gfycat.com/IllinformedLiveAfricanaugurbuzzard)

54 [Amendola 2pt](https://gfycat.com/WellinformedDeterminedBernesemountaindog)

55 [White game winning TD](https://gfycat.com/FarawayGraciousArmyworm)
http://i.imgur.com/KXrNJvA.jpg
Atlanta hasn't been fucked that hard since Sherman marched to the sea. 
Might as well induct Brady into the Hall of Fame during the trophy ceremony.
FOX just let motherfucker play on the air like 3 times
I still cant believe the sea hawks didn't run the ball 
And Boston explodes with golf claps because they're so fucking used to winning championships
LOL are they BOOOOOOOOOO-ing Goodell??
Tom "Matthew Stafford" Brady
Biggest choke ever.  Wow
http://i.imgur.com/i7pNRAR.png
Warriors up 3-1 to Cavs in NBA Finals - Loss

Indians up 3-1 to Cubs in World Series - Loss

Falcons lead 28-3 to Pats - Loss
/r/NFL: Dammit 
THEY CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS
http://i.imgur.com/spoa8Cu.png
Bill is going to have everyone in early tomorrow to go over all the mistakes that occurred in the first 52 minutes of the game.
Worst choke and greatest comeback in Super Bowl history. Holy fuck. First the warriors now this.
If you missed this game and only looked at the score and go: "I can probably imagine what happened."

It's not what you imagined.
[Everyone to Tom Brady](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/41/5d/65/415d6529bc3b3069a7e78f2875f455de.jpg)
http://i.imgur.com/NQjgc89.gif
All the boos for Goodell, I fucking love it.
[removed]
That comeback was fucking ridiculous.

They not only needed two touchdowns, they needed TWO goddamned two-point conversions to tie the game.

They got both of them. BOTH. That just does not happen.


 http://i.imgur.com/wZEm5DR.jpg 
The crowd booing when Goodell held that trophy was one of the greatest moments in football television.  Can't script it any better 
That booing was incredible!
Teacher: Pop quiz students! Does anyone know what to do when you're down by 25 points in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl?

Tom Brady: https://i.imgur.com/tHhnpqB.png 
Wow. That was probably the biggest choke of all time in any sport
Fuck you Atlanta, what a historic collapse. 
Listen

I know we just witnessed the greatest comeback in the history of the sport.

I know tom Brady is the greatest quarterback of all time, bill is the best coach, and these pats the best dynasty. 

But goddamn it this is fuckig horseshit. 
Greatest Patriots of all time:

1) Tom Brady

2) George Washington

3) Abraham Lincoln
SB LI, 2016 World Series, 2016 NBA Finals, it's been a crazy year for sports
That Edelman catch was fucking legendary
PAtriots won on a 31-0 run.

31-0

3-1

Warriors blew a 3-1 lead in the NBA Finals
Where were you when falcons were kill?

I was at home eating doritos when get call from belichek

"Falcons is kill"

"no"
This is the darkest timeline.  

EDIT: Why the hell did I get gold? 
[removed]
Unbelievable. I knocked out half way through and woke up with 6 minutes left and pats down 16. Well lemme turn back in case Brady just some crazy 4th quarter come back again 

GOAT. That catch be Edelman vs 3 defenders was insane 
F bomb dropped on global TV.
Who would've thought a run play on the goal line would work. 
As a die hard Patriots fan since 2 minutes ago this means so much to me
European here. This was literally my first time watching a whole game of football. I heard of Tom Brady, Patriots and Belichick but thats about it. So I was watching the game with a couple of buddies. One of them knows a lot more about the game and the teams, and prides himself on that fact. From the very beginning I was talking shit and saying Patriots would win it, pretending to know a lot more than I do. He was rooting for the Falcons. As the game is on the way and Falcons are dominating he was feeling quite secure in his superior knowledge of the game. Anyway, at 0 - 21, just before the half time, I predicted that Lady Gaga wouldn't lip sync and would be awesome, that Patriots would make an epic movie worthy comeback and win the game, and that Tom Brady would be the hero. His face as the game progressed was priceless and it made my first experience of football something special. I think he might have left actually believing I knew what I was talking about.

P.S. I also predicted that Tom Brady will be president one day. Make of that what you will.
Wow.  That was one of the biggest collapses I've seen in my life from the Falcons.  Congrats to the Pats, the Evil empire reigns supreme.
"Kiss this mother fucker"
LOL Goodell being booed out the stadium. 
Best SB ever. 

Brady is GOAT and there is no more debate. 
The golden state warriors are the true winners tonight
lmao that piece of shit Goodell getting booed to oblivion.
[deleted]
First football game I ever watch. What the fucking fuck, this was perfect. I don't remember watching anything like what Brady did tonight.

Argentine Sixers fan here tho, time to follow the Eagles. All I know is Wentz but I think I have time to research before the season starts.    
Love how everyone is booing Roger. 
[deleted]
LMAO KRAFT TWISTING THE DAMN KNIFE IN GOODELL'S HEART!!
God has officially abandoned us.
In case y'all missed it:

The records that we're broken by the Patriots tonight:

1. First Super Bowl Game to go into OT.

2. Largest deficit to return and win the game in NFL history(previously 10, Patriots came back from 25 points).

3. Most Super Bowl wins by a Quarterback 

4. Most Super Bowl wins by a head coach

5. Most Super Bowl MVP wins by a quarterback. 
HOLY FUCK KRAFT WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE
[found tom brady's retirement home](http://i.imgur.com/mWWJkk5.jpg)
There is no God
"Yea kiss dis muhfucka nahumsayin?"
 I grew up watching the end of the montana era along with young, elway, farve, aikman and marino. Being a kid, watching those guys i saw them larger than life. The older i got analysts, relatives, parents of my friends time and time again (usially) went back to montana as #1 with most of the others in the top group. In my teens came peyton and  brady slowly climbing their  way up but by then that awe and magic of being a kid seeing the best pros had faded.  This was true of any sport, after all i grew up watching jordan and he's almsot unanimously considered the goat. 


  In my 20s  i carried that in my mind montana was the greatest & most others of that era were in that top group ( along with those of past eras who i didnt get to watch) . Sure i saw manning & brady with that group but there was always a slight separation of sorts &  always seemed to be a rational (ie the game had changed) that either couldn't reach #1 definitively. 


I hadn't thought about it for yrs until i pressed myself to revisit it after the pateiots won the divisional round, went back and realized just how phenomenal and deserving of that #1 spot brady is. 

Then there was today, cementing tom and dethroning my childhood hero. 


Falcons blew a 28-3 lead. The Patriots scored 31 unanswered points. Warriors blew a 3-1 lead. Indians blew a 3-1 lead. This the dankest timeline. Tom Brady is the GOAT.
# DON'T LET THIS DISTRACT YOU FROM THE FACT THAT THE ATLANTA FALCONS BLEW A 28-3 LEAD IN SUPER BOWL LI
[removed]
Love all the boos lol
Hahaha all the booing while goodell presented the trophy was epic 
ROBERT KRAFT GOING IN LIKE A STONE COLD KILLER
Like him or not, we just witnessed the greatest quarterback of all time play the greatest Super Bowl of all time to make the greatest comeback of all time to break the record for most Super Bowls won. Mad respect 

Edit: a couple of clarifications based on the comments:

- "play the greatest super bowl of all time" meaning the best individual performance of all time in a super bowl (up for debate obviously), not that this was the greatest SB of all time

- "greatest comeback of all time" in a SB

- technically tied the record for most SBs won by an individual with Charles Haley
  
Edit2: Hey my first gold! Woohoo! Thanks kind stranger! 
THIS is the shit sports documentarians masturbate to at night.

Holy fuck...
Not my champion
I feel like I just received the best blowjob of my life then right before I was about to nut, she punched me full on in the balls. 
Damn!!! Goodell getting booed harder than Roman Reigns!
WHO GETS BOOED HARDER ROGER GOODELL OR ROMAN REIGNS?
Not one thing political was mentioned that entire game and it was glorious. What a beautiful escape from reality. What a game. What a halftime show. 
Teams with 19+ point lead after 3 quarters in NFL playoff history have now gone 93-1.

Tom Brady: The 1 in 93-1
At least Donald Glover won something for Atlanta.
The greatest smartest move was to remove blount from the game !! I felt super happy after that move. Running game imrpoved by leaps and bounds. Made brady more comfortable throwing on 2nd and 3rd downs. 

Respect Belchick for the move _/\_
Booing the fuck out of Goodell lmao 
I hate it when evil triumphs.
Tom Brady is good at football
Can we talk about that Brady fake on that two point conversion? Dude had me thinking it was a botched snap. Guy is amazing.  That and 2 two point conversions to be clutcher that clutch...
This was a game to watch if you are a football fan. The Falcons came to play tonight. Unfortunately for them, so did Belichick and Brady. The Falcons made their point about how much they wanted this thing and what they were willing to do to take it. But at the end of the day, they were pawns in the 6D chess match that Belichick was playing against himself. 
I don't like the Pats, but I am half tempted to order the Super Bowl DVD so I can have a copy of the greatest super bowl ever played.
Marky Mark left the game at half time, and has now been disowned by Boston. 
[:\)](http://imgur.com/a/H9iEg)
OMFG, the boos for Goodell are amazing.
The greatest Super Bowl ever.  And I'm a Browns fan.
Tom Brady: undefeated against birds in the Super Bowl. 
Tom fucking Brady omg this commercial was shown in Boston right after the game: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iCRCA_LiLxk GOAT
From a neutral perspective, what a great game to watch! 

This was definitely a Super Bowl that experience mattered more than talent. Atlanta played great to build a big lead but seemed to start celebrating too early and didn't have that killer instinct to keep going for the throat.

 If New England had been the one with a 25 point lead, they'd have ended up winning by 40 points. Call them the evil empire if you must, but they absolutely know how to close games out. 
This comment will probably be buried but that was the best sporting event I ever watched. 
This was all worth it seeing Goodell get boo-bombed like that.
they been waiting all game to suck his dick. holy fuck
We had to suffer through the shittiest playoffs in history for this?

Totes fucking worth it.
They should check to see if the overtime coin was fully inflated. 
[Kleiman] Nantz to Romo: "Welcome to the Superbowl." Romo: “I’ve been waiting to hear welcome to the Super Bowl my whole life”

Best self deprecating humor
He guides others to a treasure he cannot possess 
Tony Romo should be the next Batman.
Romo is unique in that as a player he was so polarizing, but as a commentator everyone loves him. Honestly, I hope he enjoys what he's doing, he seems like such a good dude.
To make matters worse, just look where he ranks on the all time list for Passer rating among QB's with >100 career starts    

1. Rodgers 103.1  
2. Wilson 100.3  
3. Brees 97.7  
4. Brady 97.6  
5. Romo 97.1   
6. S. Young 96.8  
7. P. Manning 96.5    
  
Forget making the Superbowl, he's the only QB in that group to never WIN a superbowl   
  
i love Romo
[deleted]
Romo deserves his own TV show. The Tony Goes to the Super Bowl thing earlier today was good. He's so charismatic. 
Just wait until he's the head coach of the Cowboys
Tony Romo is my all time favorite NFL player.
“Blah blah blah no one’s scoring touchdowns” I laughed my ass off
Are we just going to post everything romo says and does today?
IRATE OVER THE LACK OF SWEET VICTORY
Best announcer the NFL has ever had.
Makes me so sad that we couldn’t get him there.  
Yes, I too am watching 
Good for him. He didn’t make it as a player, but he is best at his craft as an announcer, and made it anyway. I hope this isn’t bittersweet for him, he earned this. 
I love how Jim jinxed the fg 
As someone who has hated Romo most of his career because he played for Dallas, I have come to adore him so much this year. I did not expect to grow to like him as much as I did. This line almost made me want him to have a ring. Almost. 
Romo seems like what a fan would be if we actually knew what we were talking about.
Part of me wants to tell all the cowboys haters he’s ours. The rest of me does too. 
Dez caught it.
Worst game I ever seen 
Romo is a top notch commentator. Make its quite laughable to see how much better he is than Joe buck. 
This Romo love in the comments makes me so happy. 
I don't understand how people think this is boring. This is an tense as it gets. A defensive powder keg. Every yard is crucial.
It was a catch!
Was there a prop bet on him saying this? 
This makes me sad
Romo is a gift
Now has the most coveted job in his field, I'm sure he's fine.

That's my Quarterback.
Most boring super bowl and worst commercials ever.
That's just depressing
Romo refuses to take Ls. 
Thought of saying Tony finally in Super Bowl but he outplayed me 
😭
As a lifelong giants fan I never thought I’d say it - I think Tony Romo is the man. Dude is by far best commentator! Could see coaching in his near future.
I picked romo during several fantasy seasons, he always did well for me.
You da real SB mvp, Romo.
Romo is a good announcer. i like that he explains why or why not a play should happen. he and Nantz are a good team. 
Romo is a damn good announcer tho...
F
:(
I could not stand Romo as a QB but as an announcer he's Awesome.
Jessica Simpson is really missing out on the most successful part of Tony’s career 
Love how Romo is such a good sport about roasting himself. Cowboys fans could learn alot from him.
i know i just watched that
Wheres sweet victory
Go Romo!!!
At least Andy had a good burger 
As someone who doesn't follow NFL, what does this mean?
Hopefully he'll be able to hoist his own trophy once he becomes a coach 
I loved that. Romo’s commentary was fantastic.

gosh, i love Romo. 😭😭
I had a blast telling all of my friends, who don't care about football, all about this joke and nobody cared but I thought it was hilarious. This is a shout-out to all of the others who were in a similar situation.
That's our boy. He has always been my favorite player. ⭐
Romo better be on the next Madden commentating 
The true MVP of Super Bowl 53
Romo made the most boring nfl game of the season bearable... give that man a medal.
Despised Romo the QB, love Romo the announcer
Love this dude! Hated him as a QB but great human being right there
Romo is terrific and I love his commentary. 
Romo was the only good part of the game.
A lot of comments on here about how this was a terrible game. 

To be honest, this is what football really looks like. It’s not throwing for 500+ yards and running up the score like last year’s super bowl was. This was a super bowl of years past and to be honest, it was really refreshing to see some good damn defense for once. Add in the fact that both teams had to chip away and make moves and counter moves. I haven’t seen a better game played in a long time. 
[deleted]
r/suicidebywords
F
r/suicidebywords 
If I was ESPN, I'd back up the brinks truck. 
I freakin love Tony Romo
Hah, that self-deprecating humour is great. :D Romo's one interesting announcer!
The best commentating ever. I love this combo
That was classic Romo. I want to golf with that guy. Romo, you on Reddit bro?
oof
Romo should have gotten the MVP for this one.
Damn, now i wish Romo covered all the superbowls. His analysis was great, even when things didn't pan out exactly. That touchdown series for the Pats he called it, when Brady saw the matchups with Gronk, saying that they would run the same play, and they did three times in a row when Jules caught one in the middle, and then the deep seam to Gronk to set things up at the 2.
Honestly he was born to be a broadcaster. 
Hated this guy as a player... Love him as an announcer. 

Seriously a joy to listen to him dissect stuff and pretty personable too. 
Don’t let that game distract you from the fact Tom Brady was suspended for deflating footballs, Bill Bellichick received a $500,000 fine for stealing plays, and Julian Edelman was suspended for four games for taking Performance Enhancing Drugs.
Sad!
He’s probably better in this role than a QB. He was a great QB but a fantastic color commentator. 
The punter with the most yards should be MVP. Not joking.
#boringsuperbowl
Duck Maroon 5. We wanted Sweet Victory
If Romo were honest on LA’s last drive he’d have said “right here I’d bobble the snap and cause a turnover.”
Post worthy
This sucks 
why can’t i access the rest of this sub
Boring
"Do you do this every year? I wouldn't know."
I was listening to NPR Friday Morning and Steve Inskeep said, "Tony Romo finally made it to the Superbowl." Cold blooded.
 0
This made me sad
Yo his commercial was gold. 

“Good luck with that one.”
And he's putting on a better performance than either quarterback on the field.
T.T
I thought this sub didn't show up on /r/all?  Why is this there now?
Haha we all knew this comment from Romo was coming
:(
Thats more like it
CV set bw,a
Haha
I doubt he was waiting to hear that when he was 2 years old.
 I laughed
Him and Jessica make a cute couple
😯😯😯😯😯
I real bad for romo honestly 
I had pizza for lunch today
He was the most interesting part of the game this year.


Never thought I’d say that about Romo.
Romo over Goff

When that was the most interesting moment in the superbowl 
Best part of the Superbowl tbh.
How does an NFL reporter not know that Super Bowl is two words?!
I am happy for my favorite childhood athlete 
If he would've played for the pats he might've gotten himself a few champs.
Best thing about thid game was Romo! Green Bay should hire him to coach.
Romo really was the SB MVP
He still can as a coach, if his ability to call out plays before they happen actually means something 
F
I love Romo behind the booth!
https://youtu.be/txVCNU4iVGY
Biggest crime of the Superbowl (other than Spongebob) was how it wasted a chance to give Romo anything to talk about.
Romo is awesome.
Glad to see the man getting love these days. People were such bastards to him when he played. 
Sweet victory 
Between Tom Brady's 3rd Superbowl appearance and his 10th, Calvin Johnson has been drafted, retired, and made the Hall of Fame.
Johnson was drafted 2007, retired 2016, and got inducted yesterday 2021. Brady's 3rd Superbowl was during the 2005 post season, and his 10th is today. The longevity on him is insane, how could you argue for anyone else as the GOAT.
Thats pretty impressive.
One time Frank Sinatra came in here and sat in this chair. I said 'Frank, you hang out with Tom Brady, just between me and you, how old is Tom Brady?' You know what Frank told me? He said 'Hey, Tom Brady is 137 years old.' 137 years old!"
Of all the crazy Brady stats, I actually think this one here is the most impressive.
[deleted]
I know it would never happen, but what would happen if Calvin Johnson decided he wants to go back and play a few more seasons? He is only 35...
This Brady guy might be pretty good
Tom playing at this level at his age is impressive. I am the same age and pull a muscle picking up my 4 year old.
Calvin Johnson: earns incredible award that very few wide receivers earn in the same fashion.

Football: this is how it relates to Tom Brady.
There will be people have been born, graduated from a 4 year college, gotten married, bought a house, had kids, and started a lifelong career in the time between Bradys first year and last

Absolutely insane to think about
It could be said that Tom Brady had a hall of fame career in the time before megatron was drafted, during his playing career, and since his retirement. 3 different hall of fame careers. Insane
Brady old?
In case you haven’t heard, especially in the last two weeks, Tom Brady has had a long career.
IMO 5 years ago there was still some question on if he was the GOAT. But now it's just a foregone conclusion. No real argument could be made for anyone else IMO.

Especially if he wins the Superbowl on his first year with a new team (a team that wasn't particularly impressive before this year).
So what are Tom Brady’s odds he will make the hall of fame
[deleted]
Tom Brady easily has 2 HOF worthy stretches if you divide his seasons up. Arguably 3 HOF worthy chunks.
Let me one up this, Between Tom Brady’s 2nd Super Bowl and his 10th, Calvin Johnson graduated High School, was recruited to play for Georgia Tech, Got Drafted into the NFL by the Lions, retired from the NFL, and got elected into the Hall of Fame.
[deleted]
Commentators are really bored
Tom Brady made what would’ve been an outstanding career as Peyton Manning’s rival. Manning retired and was replace by Luck, who also retired. And Brady is in the Super Bowl.
Megatron coulda shattered all the records if he had a competent org his whole career smh.
The Buccaneers made the Superbowl? Holy shit it was Tom Brady all along...
Wouldn't Brady's third Super Bowl have been the 2004 post season?
Brady is a vampire. Duh.
He is the GOAT. This season clearly has proved that without any doubt. I feel pretty lucky to get to live thru his career.
Insane BRADY the GOAT
I hate shady Brady but I'll defend him as the G.O.A.T for sure
Remember, Charles Barkley picked the Chiefs.
“Why are they playing by the rules!!”
Now Tom Brady is a unit of measurement
This is impressive for both lol
Now that's what I call a fun fact.
Tom was drafted 2 years before Philip Rivers had his first kid. He's 18 now. Born a few months before toms first Superbowl. Rivers has had 8 more kids since.
I instantly discredit anyone that still won’t admit Brady is the GOAT
And people really try to say Rodgers has a argument as the goat
Pepperidge Farm remembers
Not a fan of the Calvin Johnson first ballot.

TO didn't even get in first ballot. Insane.
okay now that is a GOAT stat
Unreal!
Goddamn when you put it in that perspective.
I hate Brady because Reddit told me to

But,  there's really no Argument he's GOAT
As a lions fan, this only makes it more sad.
I mean no one is really arguing he's the goat lol
That’s so ridiculous it’s sus. Are we sure football isn’t as fake as WWE?
Man that's crazy impressive that Johnson could have a HOF career in between some guys superbowl appearances
There is no argument after Atlanta 
Everything else is just sprinkles
And has been on teams that have been fined, lost draft picks, and was himself suspended all for cheating.
Posting in this thread before a major media outlet hijacks it.
calvin johnson soft
MEGATRON!
Gronk MVP
*The Spice Melange...*
Peyton has been retired for 5 years. Just WOW.
I was at Brady’s 1st Superbowl. That was in 2002 in New Orleans. U2 played the halftime show and the whole event was a 9/11 memorial.  Patriots won with a FG last kick of the game. Seems like a lifetime ago. 19 years.
Man's been playing football longer than my sister has been alive xD
So what you're telling me is Johnson made the HOF before Brady.
If anyone in my lifetime EVER disputes that Brady is the GOAT so help me God.
Yeah I’ve never been a fan of Tom but it’s hard to deny that he isn’t the best there’s ever been. The way he still plays is on a different level. Fucking wild to see.
Where is the post game thread?
He is the goat, you cant change anyone mind.
Isn’t this true for 1st through 10th too? Why did you choose third
Now imagine an alternate timeline with both of them on the same team.
People have been born and joined the fucking military in between his first MVP and tonight.
He’s not just the GOAT, he’s the GOAT of GOATs. The Mt Rushmore with only him. Forget the hall of fame jacket, he’s earned his own hall of fame building.
LeBron and Tom Brady always pissing me off, no matter how old they get and what team they play for.. Jesus

>

But still, i just can't stop watching them. This level of Greatness can never be repeated, or ignored.  Respect
The amount of these ridiculous Brady facts is in itself ridiculous
Depends how you define greatness. Is Tom Brady the most talented player of all time? Not even close. Is he the most dominant player of all time? Not even close. Is he the greatest of all time? Yes.
I feel like this is one of the lesser impressive Brady stats considering Johnson retired at least 5 years sooner than anyone expected.
How does the brevity of Calvin Johnson's career have any bearing on comparing QBs across eras?
Yes... Tom Brady is very good and has been around for a long time.  We all know.  Yes, so long that great players have come and gone while he's remained.  We all know.  Thank you for reminding us all of this thing that we all already knew.
If you ask me that shows the impressive efficiency of Calvin Johnson. Get in, do your thing, get out. Known as a GOAT and made a lot of money and did it in the fraction of the time
He’s the GOAT. Hands down. THE goat. Simple. But am I selfish for just wanting him to retire?  He’s been dominating the nfl since I was in middle school. I want to know what an NFL without Tom Brady is like. It’s just so fucking boring at this point.
PM was 6 years old when TB was in his first Super Bowl....
TB12 is the GOAT of all GOATs and this is coming from a hockey/NHL fan first.


What.
A.
Fucking. 
God. 

TB12 tops every list. Anyone that says otherwise is delusional.
Was it Brady or Belichick?

I guess we have the answer.
That was an INT! His hand was under the ball!
This sub can't pass up any opportunity to suck off Brady, huh?
I see the refs have decided that Brady’s popularity is greater than that of the Chiefs.

I was truly not sure which way the favoritism would go in this game. Gotta be rough for the Chiefs actually having their penalties called for once. I don’t know how they adjust.
>  how could you argue for anyone else as the GOAT. 

I would like to say that we should stop shaming people who don't have Tom Brady as their GOAT. If they try and shove their GOAT down your throat shove it down theirs that they are an idiot, but if they just say something like 'to me, Peyton is the GOAT, there's never been a better reader of the game' or 'I think Montana's the GOAT, he's 4-0 in Super Bowls', just leave them alone. No one is interested in your crusade.
Tom brady is a fuckhead who still supports white supremacists. 


FUCK TOM BRADY
Is there anyone making the argument that he isn’t the goat?
Fuck that cheating fuck Brady.
"how could you argue for anyone else as the GOAT."

If you value something besides longevity and championships?
[Baldwin] Aaron Rodgers on his recovery: "I consulted a good friend of mine, Joe Rogan, and I've been doing a lot of the stuff he recommended in his podcast."

This has to have been the wildest week in football news
“You ever watched bonobos fuck Pat? Shit’s wild bro. Davante pull that up.”
DISCOUNT DOUBLEDOWN
WE LIVE IN A MEME SIMULATION
Um yeah we might need a megathread for this interview
IVERMECTIN. EXERCISE. WATER. TRUMP, BIDEN, MLK, HE'S BRINGING UP EVERYTHING.
NO FUCKING WAY IS THIS REAL
This is the start of my joker arc I cannot believe this
Honestly reads like a onion headline I can't stop laughing loll
Pat had to cover his face because he almost started laughing. I love this so much.
[deleted]
When I think of medical experts, I immediately think of Joe Rogan
[deleted]
OH NO WHAT ARE YOU DOING BBY
This has to be trolling. Honestly, I just can't take this seriously.
Pat McAfee did this man dirty by not cutting him off because he’s FULLY out of pocket right now. 

Or he’s a fucking hero. I can’t decide. This is amazing
This IS the bad place
shoot me directly in the face
HE WENT FULL JOE THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Damn I thought him and Pat were friends, he should be like "SCHH- sorry Aaron I think we're losing the signal SCHHH"
Another great response is from Molly Knight. Aaron Rodgers said "For me, this involved a lot of study in the offseason."

She said: "I guess this means any epidemiologist could study quarterbacking for three months then pull rank on Aaron Rodgers."

[https://twitter.com/molly\_knight/status/1456684134332448779](https://twitter.com/molly_knight/status/1456684134332448779)
Somebody on Twitter called Rodgers “Throw Rogan” and that’s hysterical
World's leading scientists or a stoner comedian

Who should I trust?
Oh god Rodgers is a JRE philosopher believer
Oh God oh fuck
KAARON FUCKING RODGERS HOLY SHIT
>HE JUST SAID HE'S BEEN TAKING IVERMECTIN
https://twitter.com/benbbaldwin/status/1456674529951031304
I used to have such respect for Rodgers lmfao. The internet was a mistake, we are all doomed 💀
[deleted]
And then he quoted MLK LMAO
[deleted]
QAaron for real now. lol
OMG SOMEONE KILL ME I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE THIS ISN'T REAL
LMAOOOOO JOE ROGAN IM DEAD
Lol Jesus Christ it just gets worse and worse.
It's going horribly IMO. Rodgers now https://i.imgur.com/PiwcDdW.jpg

Here is some shit he said

* He gathered over 500 pages of research lmao. He is going full karen

* Ultimate decision came from medical team who he said determined the risk of an adverse reaction was worse than the risk of COVID and recovering

* trying to become a Dad and said the vaccine can cause fertility issues...

* On why he wasn't wearing a mask at pressers... "Mask wearing at a podium is "shaming" when everyone else is vaccinated"

* "Testing non vaxxed people 1x a day and vaxxed people once every 2 weeks is "not based in science""

* "No study done on the efficacy of mask when working out and potential detrimental effects of increased CO2 inhalation"

* Close contact isolation for 5 days, "not based in science"

* The media is shaming non vaxed people and is creating propaganda for getting vaxxed

* Used the word Homeopathy and stated his Drs have been at it for over a decade

* Collusion and coresion by the front office to get players vaxxed

* Quoted MLK to drive a point about unjust rules for the unvaxxed

* Referred to the league/team doctor as a 'stooge' when he came to talk about vaccination

* Direct Quote "If the vaccine is so great, how come people are still getting and spreading and unfortunately dying from COVID... if it is so safe why do the manufacturer have full immunity?"

* Rodgers Plugged Ivermectin

* Ivermectin is the "cheap off brand of the new pill moderna is making, why do people hate it? Cause trump pioneered it and there is no money to be made" ooooooooooooooooof

#EDIT: 

It's all done.  These are the highlights, not sure if he thought this would help... Cause I don't think it did
Top scientists in every country in the world say get vaccine: I sleep

Bro science HGH junkie says don’t get the vaccine: real shit
Rodgers really going out of his way to out himself as a moron

And people thought he’d host Jeopardy, a show predicated on facts
Rodgers fucking took Ivermectin rather than take the vaccine. I'm allergic to them, wait I mean it might make me sterile, wait I mean we don't know any of the long term effects. Keep changing the story Aaron
Okay, for years we said that Aaron's family was nuts and it was good on him to get out... are the tables turning?
This interview has gone from embarrassing to hilarious.

"I was sick but I didn't like what doctors were saying, so I called up a podcaster".
We sure Rodgers isn't trolling? This is just too crazy.
Ive never had my opinion of someone drop from high to so low so fast
He actually said "I consulted a NOW good friend of mine, Joe Rogan". Which makes it 10000x funnier and more pathetic
Wish I could see the expression on people’s faces if they were told a couple years ago that people would be consulting Joe Rogan for medical advice during a worldwide pandemic
Rodgers confirmed a fucking moron.
Today is the best day
“I realize I’m in the crosshairs of the woke mob culture.” 

This fucking guy
Outside of throwing in a racial slur or rape joke, not sure how he could've made this much worse.  Absolutely insane.
Oh man this guy is DUMB dumb
For a guy who claims not the be antivax he sure is saying a lot of things antivaxxers say…..

Also he’s clearly antimask because he keeps saying they are only used to shame people
This can't be fucking real. This can't be fucking real.
Holy shit I thought this was satire. I KNEW we'd get a fucking Joe Rogan appearance. Goddamn we're a country of idiots.

Edit - GO EAT SOME CLAY YOU FUCKING NUTJOB.
I literally screamed when he said it
Every embarrassing and cringey thing Russell Wilson has ever said or done is now child's play compared to this LMAO. Holy shit I've never been so thankful for our dorky and overbearingly religious QB
He really pulled out "if the vaccines are so good, why do vaccinated people still get covid" lmao

well people who wear helmets can still die in bike crashes, so better take that helmet off I guess?
Wow, Aaron out here trying to break Eddie Lacy's "Hero to Zero" speed run record.
God this interview is such a PERFECT distillation of the braindead red pilled bro vibe. He really checked off all the boxes one by one.
Olivia Munn made the right choice
And he said he’s taking Ivermectin. Rodgers PR team in shambles Rn lmao
He's worried about science but consulting Joe Rogan is fine

This guy is a bigger dumbfuck than could ever be imagined.
These crazy fucks will do anything but listen to doctors.
OBJ texting “thanks” to Rodgers right about now and Rodgers of course is probably too dumb to realize why.
He is cementing himself as one of the dumbest mother fuckers in the NFL - especially because he doesn't understand how he sounds and thinks he's being (and sounding) really intelligent.
Rodgers woke up and chose dumb
If anyone didn’t think Joe Rogans nonsense show isn’t dangerous, yeah this is the proof that you need to see. Multi millionaire with access to every doctor and medical source he wants instead consults Rogan. Now understand that at least half of the millions of Rogan viewers being stupider than Rodgers and you start to understand how this dumb shit spreads like wildfire on social media.
Imagine being told in 2001 after watching fear factor that Rogan was gonna stumble into being one of the biggest influences on American health and politics.
I just want to add that before he rambled off easy to see through anti-vax bullet points, he said he is allergic to an ingredient in the mRNA vaccines. I’m fairly certain the ingredient in question is Polyethylene Glycol (PEG). That shit is in everything from bandages to skin moisturizers. Anyways, a meta-analysis done in October 2020 concluded that there were 37 reported cases of an allergic reaction to PEG from 1977-2016. [https://www.jaci-inpractice.org/action/showPdf?pii=S2213-2198%2820%2931007-2]

Safe to say that allergy is extremely rare and it is highly unlikely that he’s being honest. Easy to tell after all the things he says after, but wanted to point that out.
okay who had "Aaron Rodgers comes out as right-wing anti-vax nutjob" on their 2021 bingo card?
This entire interview only made things worse

Even the first thing he said after that was sketchy - he apparently couldn't take J&J because of a clotting issue (that affected like 15 people out of tens of millions, and those people were outside of Rodgers demographic) and because its approval was pulled (it was reapproved like 10 days later back in April)
“I wrestled a hairless monkey and ate nothing but elk while on DMT”
Hey Aaron, I did 500 pages of research and consulted with my favorite podcaster. Now, I don’t know what propaganda your coaches are filling your head with, but let me tell you a little something about being an NFL quarterback.
When did Joe Rogan get a medical degree?
I'm so fucking done with this guy. You make tens of millions of dollars to play a *game*. The league has rules that they think will give them the best chance to get through the season. Follow the fucking rules or don't play. Don't fucking cite MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. in your defense, you prick. You're not a warrior for justice. You're a multimillionaire who throws a ball around and has a persecution complex of galactic proportions. Quit your goddamn whining.

This has ruined the entire season for me. I've got tickets to the Rams game and at this point I'm hoping Love plays because I'm sick of seeing this smug asshole.
This might be the worst compilation of quotes one idiot has put out in a short span ever….
fucking Joe Rogan killed the Packers season what the hell lmao
Out of all the people, you listen to.....Joe fuckin Rogan......you absolute clown
YOU DONE MESSED UP A-ARON
[Dr. Rogan, renowned medical expert](https://i.imgur.com/pDgqFUf.jpg)
Does Joe Rogan provide medical advice for all of Rodgers' injury treatment as well? Or is that type of medical science ok?
[deleted]
This feels like a fever dream
I hope defenses start neighing at him.
When I heard him say the whole “if the vaccine works, why are people still catching Covid?” And it just broke me. Like c’mon dude, he really just went scorched-earth on *himself*

It’s like if I were to ask “If football helmets are so effective, then why do players still get concussions when the run full-speed head-first into each other?”

I’ve heard the phrase “Don’t meet your heroes” but as these last few years have gone, it’s really just “don’t *have any* heroes”
How can he be this dumb? Like, Beasley and Cousins feel the same way but at least they weren't pedantic shit heads about it. How did he think this would end? He intentionally misled the media and is now crying that it's their fault that he lied? You're caught, take the L and move on. Don't try and play the victim. This is A1 gaslighting in the national spotlight. Does he sincerely think these comments are going to help him? Not only is he a coward (for not owning his anti vax bullshit), but he's also a whiny bitch about getting caught.
[removed]
somebody come inject me with dewormer until I shit out my intestines and die so I don't have to hear any more of this
\[Baldwin\] Kelvin Benjamin on his lunch: "I consulted a good friend of mine, Ronald McDonald, and I've been eating a lot of the stuff he recommended on his menu."
[deleted]
[Ari Meirov] NFL great John Madden has passed away at the age of 85.

Rest well to one of the greatest.
Right after the documentary too.  Hopefully the NFL does something this weekend or next in his honor.
One of the most iconic names that will forever be associated with the NFL
Wow. And just after that documentary. RIP.
“I love to see a fat guy score.”
 “Why?” 
 “Because first you get a fat guy spike, then you get the fat guy dance.”
They should put him on the cover of the new Madden.
Crazy his documentary came out 3 days ago. RIP
John Madden is one of the 10 most important people in the history of the NFL.

He coached 10 years, went 103-32-7, second highest winning percentage in league history, highest since the first decade of the NFL. Won a Super Bowl, the first Super Bowl, for Al Davis's Raiders.

He went to CBS, worked there for 15 years, paired with Pat Summerall for most of them, became the guy who popularized the telestrator. He was Romo before Romo, he was Cosell after Cosell, he was the color commentator who *mattered* in the biggest sport in America. He went to FOX in 1994, and don't fucking laugh, helped to legitimize the network, and all you want to put after that, as a national force. 

On a train ride cross-country in the 80s, he refused to put his name on a computer football simulation unless the technical specifics guaranteed 11 players on a side. He gave Trip Hawkins an old Raiders playbook. Millions -- literally, *millions* -- of NFL fans, especially those outside this country, got into the sport because of John Madden Football.

And all of that is just his accomplishments. But instead I could tell you that for that coaching paragraph above, I should have went with the fact that he visited Darryl Stingley, paralyzed and terrified, in the hospital when no one else would. For the paragraph about the commentary I should have just said every instant replay started with him pointing out the line play, making stars of the least heralded, most banged up guys who gave their all. For the video game part, I could say that he envisioned the game as not a super profitable entertainment (the man passed up the opportunity to buy EA stock years ago) but instead as a teaching and testing tool: "a way for people to learn the game [of football] and participate in the game at a pretty sophisticated level." John Madden, BA education 1958, MA education, 1961. The man liked to teach.

And more than that, find a cross word about John Madden. I'll wait. He never came across as a sweetheart or a saccharine guy, he just was who he was -- a man overjoyed with the way his life turned out and determined to have a grand ol' time with anyone -- his players, his coworkers, random fans on the street. 

Rest In Peace, John Madden. Boom.
85 years is a long life with a hell of an impact on the world. RIP
Raise your turduckens.
"If the quarterback throws the ball in the end zone and the wide receiver catches it, it's a touchdown."

- John Madden.
They just showed a clip of Madden on NFL Network.

"Hey! Throw the goddamn flag! You jerk! Big jerk!"

Hating refs transcends both space and time.
[You'll never get this in a modern NFL broadcast.  Rest in peace to the greatest of all time, and 1/2 half of the voice of the NFL of my childhood, with Pat.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=facVh75-vW4)
The word legend is used too much and needs to be reserved for people like John Madden. RIP, Coach.

Edit: I called my dad to tell him this. My dad worked in sports radio for a small station and met John Madden one time. My father said John Madden treated him like anybody else and when asked if my father should call him "Coach" or "Mr. Madden" the response was: "Young man, you can call me John."
So when my dad was a kid, he snuck in to the Raiders locker room by telling security Ben Davidson was his uncle. He yelled "BEN!" And waved. Ben waved back and security let him by. So my dad and his buddy were walking around getting all these autographs. Madden sees him and comes up saying "who the FUCK let these kids in?!" And threw a clipboard across the locker room. Pops was kicked out after that.

My dad eventually was involved with the raiders organization in the 80s-00s and got to talk to Madden and Davidson at an event and tell them the story. They got a kick out of it. 

RIP to an all time great.
“The defense should be expecting a run or a pass here.”

- John Madden
Many happy bus trips on the other side...
like Lee Corso is to College Football, like Dick Vitale is to College Basketball, John Madden IS NFL Football to a generation
Fuck man, dedicate the next Madden cover to him!
When I first started watching football, anytime John Madden called a Steeler game, my friends would always bet on how long it would take him to comment on the fact that all our sandwiches and salads have an option of French fries on them. 

I still recall the last Steeler game he called, and his Co-commentator asked if he ever tried a Primanti's sandwich. He said "I've eaten quite a few but those days are behind me" (paraphrased) 

I could hear the sadness in his voice. RIP John. I hope you get fries on everything in heaven.

Edit: spelling
Madden and Summerall, reunited once more.

RIP.
definition of the word legend. Football as a sport would not be where it is today with him.
He's one of those people that... you don't know them, but... you just *know* that they're a good person, one with other people's best interests at heart. I don't know how to describe it, you don't see it a lot, but when you see it, you see it.
I know many will talk about him as an annoucer, but he should be remembered as one of the greatest head coaches as well.

Pulled from his wiki

112–39–7 overall record

"Among Madden's accomplishments as a head coach were winning a Super Bowl, and becoming the youngest coach to reach 100 career regular-season victories, a record he compiled in only ten full seasons of coaching at the age of 42. Madden is still the coach with the most wins in Raiders history.

Madden never had a losing season as a head coach. His overall winning percentage, including playoff games, ranks second in league history. Madden achieved his record during a period that included head coaches Tom Landry, Don Shula, Chuck Noll, and Bud Grant, who are generally regarded as the top coaches of that era."
Damn. The true GOAT
Leave this here:

[Madden draws beard on Aikman](https://youtu.be/NlWbTDFjQCU)
Rest in peace, big guy. Left a mark on the sport in the real and virtual worlds
Monday Night Football hasn't been the same since he left.
The GOAT 😥
This fucking hurts man. Loved John in the booth. What is crazy though is watching All Madden on Christmas I had this strange feeling something was going to happen. Show felt too somber and a reflection on a life than just a regular show. Also feels like when Ultimate Warrior passed right after his WWE HoF speech.
John madden is the only likeable person by all fans of all 32 teams.
Madden and Summerall were my childhood. Both absolute giants of the sport. RIP.

This is one of my fav Madden clips, such a moment in time watching these: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=facVh75-vW4
Broadcasts haven’t reached Madden/Summerall level in a while. Michaels/Madden was great while it lasted.
He and Summerall provided the NFL commentary of my childhood. Rest in peace
Didn't have the most rings or the most wins, but his name is unequivocally forever intertwined with the very meaning of NFL football. Greatness that transcended stats. Rest easy, John.
The Las Vegas Raiders stadium should be named after him.
Has anyone had a bigger impact on the game of football than Madden? 

May he rest well, and may his family find comfort in this difficult time
Commentators/Pundits these days are so afraid to admit they're wrong that even when their horse has finished last they'll be telling you why it should've won.

Not Madden. His call of the Pats final drive in SB 36 will live with me forever.

Within 1:21 of game time he makes his call, doubles down, backtracks, admits his mistake, and then proclaims his amazement.

Was the way it was with him and the way it should be with everyone.

Rest easy, Coach.
EA better throw a fucking parade for him.
I’m guessing there are a lot of people on here who weren’t old enough to know the feeling of excitement you used to get when the game of the week would come on with Pat Summerall and John Madden were calling the game. I can’t think about those early 90s 49ers-Cowboys epics without their voices. Thank you for sharing the game with all of us coach. You were truly a legend.
[deleted]
Awful news

One of the greatest people the game has ever seen and will be truly missed
I was just writing a story for r/NFL on him and his friendship with paralyzed Patriots WR Darryl Stingley before learning of his death.

This story I was reading as research touches on their story. Rest In Peace to one of the best hearts in Football.

https://www.nytimes.com/1979/01/06/archives/john-madden-a-man-and-a-coach-sports-of-the-times-get-fairbanks-off.html
One of the greatest to ever do it. I’m gonna miss his breakdowns.
RIP to a legit legend
Rest In Peace, he may have all the turducken he wants in the afterlife 🕊
My first ever game was Madden 2001 on the PS2 

The first madden to ever not have Madden as the cover but a little side photo 

Ushered in an entire generation into football in the modern era drawing on live plays

Rest In Peace Mr. Madden
"Fullbacks, ya gotta love em. You need 3 yards they'll give ya 3 yards, you need 6 yards they'll give ya 3 yards."
That man WAS football. This is crazy
I mean this in the most respectful way possible, but I honestly thought he was already dead
Man was way more important to the sport than just the video games but I don’t think I’d love football nearly as much if I didn’t spend so much time playing them as a kid. Rip to a legend. Feels like more and more of my childhood is dying everyday
RIP. Man was essentially my DC in madden 08 when I didn’t know anything about football.
Hope he's drawing X's and O's and yelling BOOM on the other side
RIP

Dickerson the bears reporter for ESPN just passed away too. That will be overshadowed.
If there was a football Mount Rushmore, John Madden would be front and center on it.

Rest in peace to a titan of the game.
John Madden was 103-32-7 for a .750 winning percentage. He never had a losing season in 10 seasons a head coach. Won the Super Bowl in 1976. He made it to the playoffs 8 times. 9-7 record in the playoffs.
Talk about timing - Fox just had that one hour TV special about John Madden three days ago (Christmas Day).

RIP Big John.  Go join your good friend Al Davis in trying to find a way to sprinkle some magic dust on the Raiders so they can “Just Win Baby” and make the playoffs, and also provide “Boom!”, “Whap!”, and “Doink! commentary from upstairs with another of your good friends, Pat Summerall.
RIP John Madden. Raiders legend
RIP legend. Enjoy the all-you-can-eat Turducken in Valhalla.
Legend, you will missed forever.
Definitely the biggest thing to happen to football outside the creation of the sport and the superbowl. He brought so many new people to the sport and was always entertaining. RIP to the GOAT embassador of the sport.
RIP

My strongest Madden memory is from an older game where when you play the pro bowl he talks about taking his bus to Hawaii

You take a left off the golden gate bridge to get there, apparently

Trying to find a clip of it, but no luck
The NFL owes so, so much to this man. 

RIP Coach.
This one hurts, a lot.

Growing up a 49ers fan in the late 80s/early 90s, Madden and Summerall were the voices of my football childhood.

The memories I have of guys like Montana, Rice, John Taylor, Steve Young are tied to Madden and Summerall calling the games.

RIP to one of, if not, the greatest sports announcers of all time.

😭
_sad "BOOM!" noises_
Just had my "friend" call me a hypocrite because apparently shitting on the current state of the game series Madden must mean I also hate on John Madden himself. He's 22 and still thinks like a child. I need new friends.
It's absolutely insane to me that he only coached in the NFL for 10 years. He was a broadcaster for 29 years.
[John Madden and the baby bucket](https://youtu.be/facVh75-vW4)
Ya see, what they wanna do here is have a funeral. Great football players know that once you die, you get a funeral, a-a-and that's what they're gonna do.
My childhood Mount Rushmore is Mister Rodgers, Levar Burton, Bob Ross, and John Madden. Between those four you have amazing teachers of empathy and curiosity, reading, art, and sports. Truly sad to see him pass.
Greatest broadcaster in football history. RIP
RIP legend 😔🙏 aeiou
The guy single handedly taught millions of people football. A true legend.
The documentary was incredibly moving on Christmas and it showed how beloved he was by those in his professional football life as a coach, announcer, and ambassador for various brands. 

The thing that stuck out to me is how much his sons loved and admired their father. John Madden was the ultimate family man, he was married for 62 years as of December 26th. Between the adoration of his family, his peers, and those who only had short brushes with him in their life shows that John Madden treated people with decency and respect. In a world that seems to be losing grip of what it means to display those values, John Madden was truly a legend, and he will be missed. 

RIP
Nothing says NFC football to me like Summerall and Madden.
*Now here’s a guy* who will never be forgotten
I started watching NFL in the 80's as a horny teen ---- Coach Madden made it fun!

Failed a couple classes in college because I was up until 3am playing Madden football.

RIP, legend.  You and Jesus will be drawing up plays!
[B/R Gridiron] Bengals DE Sam Hubbard says the team wants to win a Super Bowl to honor Harambe, who was killed at the Cincinnati Zoo in 2016

[deleted]
Guess who just won the support of a generation of degenerates online.
Dicks out end zone celebration make it happen
This is it, this is the nexus moment that can return our reality to pre-2016 times. Cincinnati has to win for all of our sakes  
  
Edit: Oh no
Dicks Out for Harambe
I'm glad someone on the Bengals brought this up, really solid way to get some casual fans on your side.
What year is it!?
And just like that, Reddit is behind the Bengals.  



With their dicks out.
Hell yeah man.  The meme has come full circle.

Harambe is watching over us.  And hopefully our Oline.
Would be funny if winning the Super Bowl for Harambe is the kind of world reset we all needed, and it restores balance to the universe.
FYI on NFL.com you are allowed to modify a Bengals t-shirt for $40 with Harambe on the back, and of course as number 69.
Jesus, Bengals by a billion, book it. Harambe spirit will carry them to Valhalla
Forget America, the Bengals are Humanity’s team
[“We’re doing this for him”](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/FKsS3mGXEAE3cAU?format=jpg&name=large)

Bengals are winning the Super Bowl. Book it.
🍆⏩
B/R with the tiniest font possible to credit PMT for this
Dicks out
LA fans frantically running to the zoo to shoot a gorilla
Bengals are now America’s team
LMAO I cant believe this is real. Dicks out for Harambe
After that statement, we better not see any Rams Bandwagon flairs anymore.   


Dicks out for Harambe.
Apes strong together.
Maybe this will lift the curse on the world that started in 2016
I bust out laughing
Please credit the Big J journos at Pardon My Take. Exclusive San Hubbard lacrosse profile is coming from rising star Jake Marsh
Bengals out fellas.
Rams: “We want to win to generate a fan base.”

Bengals: “DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE BITCHES.”
#correctthetimeline
A... Apes strong together?
Fuck… am I really on the bengals train now?
Imagine seeing a “Dicks Out” message on the back of bengals helmets during the super bowl
This is amazing.
I love this timeline
dicks out
Marketing 101 on how to garner team support.
Say what you want but it looked like the kid was having fun with Harambe
My god they are trying to break the curse
The Bengals meme energy is off the charts
Alright well now I'm rooting for the Bengals.

As a CFB fan who barely pays attention to NFL I didn't really have a dog in the race but now, after reading this, I have more than a dog in the race. I have a gorilla.

Godspeed, Cincinnati.
Is this how we close the gate?
For the record, my dick is out, but it's cold outside.
Proud to be on the bandwagon
Wtf now I want the Bengals to win
As if the entire country wasn't behind the Bengals already. This has to be the most supported Superbowl team in a long time.
Gone but never forgotten
So…. Do I….. do I pull my dick out again?
Is this how we fix the rift in the space-time continuum that was caused when Harambe died?
Petition to rename the Bengals to the Cincinnati Harambes, with “Dicks Out” as their motto
Return to Monke
Via @pardonmytake TYFYS
Better kneel at midfield with his dick out then.
But Harambe has Ram in his name…and a Cincinnatian killed him…

NO IT’S A TRAP
Haramberbowl
They're trying to set things right. Trying to make ammends, and bring an end to the imbalance
A rule is a rule. Dicks out boys.
What if the Bengals win it and during the on-field celebration, the clouds part, a ray of light hits the field, and Harambe slowly floats down from the heavens?
A man of culture 😏
I know who I’m rooting foor
DICKS OUT
Harambe meme is my favorite meme in recent memory.  Hes more than a meme tho. A protector, a guardian, dicks out fellas. For our Prince!!
Based take
If they do, the bootlegged merch from this event will be unreal
Reject bengal, return to monke
#Dicksout!
The Prophecy. It must be fulfilled in order to fix the timeline.
Pls credit pardon my take thanks
PMT invading r/nfl. Amazing
“ Bengals….. Strong……. Together. “
Man if I wasn’t on board this bandwagon before I sure as hell am now. #dicksout
Well I guess this pushes me over the edge to being a Bengals fan next weekend
I’m of the belief that everything in this world turned to shit when that gorilla hit the dust. 


So it stands to reason that the Cincinnati Bengals can save the world.
The title of this post unlocked a deeper level to my being.  My prolonged love for Reddit, the NFL, meme culture, and r/NFL has shaped me in a way that a story like this brings me immense joy.  Yet, when I go to tell my wife, she will not give a single shit.  So to my fellow fans I say Go Bengals.  Win the Super Bowl and restore my faith in humanity.
Aight, Bengals gotta win and they gotta have a Harambe balloon at the parade.
Shouldn’t the Rams be the ones taking out revenge against Cincinnati since Cincinnati killed Harambe?
Sam Hubbard scores a TD on a scoop and score, does the dick flop for TD celebration and Harambe comes down from heaven to bless him
The Bengals can correct the sacred timeline
It still pisses me off that the mother of the boy did not face any charges and she never apologized for what happened. Her response was that accidents happen and she was thankful the right people were in the right place at the time.
Petition to have Harambe’s face on the ring if Cincy wins
Never forget the heroes
Now I am DEFINITELY pulling for Cincinnati
Never forget

 #dicksout
Harambe forever and always. 🙏
#DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE
DO IT FOR HIM
Got my dick out for Harambe, monke bless
I'm forecasting that Harambe will be issuing pancake blocks all afternoon, Angels in the Outfield style. 12 yard scrambles all day for Burrow.
It's an older meme sir but it checks out.
America's Team
Can you imagine if Joe Burrow shows up to the game wearing a Harambe theme shirt
The Bengals are now my team. Everything about them is likeable. 1. Beating the chiefs. 2. Their cool and QB. 3. Good kicker. 4. Honoring harambe.
