If I get 100 upvotes, I'll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Sun and Moon
I'm rich and bored. Make me proud Reddit! 

Leave a comment below after upvoting so I know to message you to send a copy.
The moderators of /r/Pokemon are becoming *increasingly* concerned with the legitimacy of OP's claims. We've been contacted by the moderators of /r/KarmaCourt and [asked that they be allowed to preside over this case,](https://www.reddit.com/r/KarmaCourt/comments/5acvbh/promises_to_buy_sun_and_moon/) and since we have literally no legal expertise (since Super Training doesn't increase that stat), we're gonna let them!
Right now there's about 6000 comments, at 39.99 per comment that would cost OP almost $240,000 USD. I don't think OP is going to deliver LOL


edit: Thread is currently at 25,000 comments, if he bought using the amazon discount (I don't know if they'll even allow this many copies to be bought at once) he could get the games for (31.99) plus tax.
all together right now comes up to about 1,000,000.


edit2: So I've done some research and found that nintendo does offer discounts for bulk purchases of their games, you could not order this many any other way. I'm going to estimate because I couldn't find any real numbers but I would guess you could get them at $30 a piece if you ordered the 81,000 that have commented on this thread. I would say you could ship them for $3 a piece, and an addition of 1.59 paid in tax per game (would this be tax deductible? Not sure how that works so I'll include it.)
30+3+1.59=34.59 * 81000 makes the grand total **$2,801,790**

Guys, I think its fair to say OP is kill.
Copy please, this contract is legally binding. If you don't give it to all of us, /r/legaladvice will become a busy place.
This  is fucking ridiculous *upvotes*
I'm just commenting so I don't get fined
OP will deliver because if not i will message him and write some mean stuff so be warned!
...just in case 
Op won't deliver
Uhhh... Okay.  

Edit: Fuck. It says "a copy of Sun and Moon". Not "Pokemon Sun and Moon" but "Sun and Moon". OP pls no.
EDIT: TURNS OUT THE GROWTH IS UNPRECEDENTED OP GONNA NEED [THIS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7goA_DnGIbU)

As of 1 hour in this 449 comments it did have 412 at 56 minutes in so it’s growing at quite the rate so let’s just say it maintain this level of comment growth (unlikely it will change a lot) <---EDIT #2 WHILE WORDED POORLY it was supposed to mean it's unlikely AS it will change a lot since reddit hadn't reached peak shitpost comment hours.



Let’s say it last a total of 4 hours before mod’s lock it for being a shitpost.

/u/PassingThroughRider would be responsible for (3 x 37 x 15) + 449 = 2114 copies.

At 39.99 or a lowly 84,538.86 dollars. American.  BUT WAIT. 

Target is having a buy 2 get one free deal so he can save the cost of 704 copies  of the game which is a cool 28,152.96 dollars saved  not bad. 

I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE THINKING IS THERE A BETTER DEAL FUCK YEAR THERE IS. HE can order the 2 left over copies from amazon and get 20% off each one (if he is a prime member and he buys one of each through amazon dropping the price to a 31.99 each or 63.98) 
OR HE COULD JUST BUY 2 more from target and get a free copy for himself. 

So if he does the great Amazon deal he would be out roughly $56449.88 (more with taxes but I don’t know where he is hopefully a state tax free one though.)

If he does the target only route he is out $56,465.88 but will have an extra copy. 

Do it OP, and we'll give you custom flair and a lifetime pass for shitposting.

~~11K 17K 20K 25K comments so far!  Hope you have at least $440,000 $680,000 $800,000 **OP OWES US$1,000,000 USD!  WE DID IT!**~~

~~# 50K Comments!  $2,000,000 USD!  DELIVER UNTO US OP!~~

Almost 90K comments.  Who the hell even knows anymore.

Also this is my comment because I want one too.

Hijacking the sticky comment from /u/Ferretsroq and u/jaksida , no mod abuse going on in this thread, nope, 
none at all. ^And^boo^u^Ferrets^and^jaksida

Edit: I am bad at reading but it's Purge Day so screw it, I'm keeping it up like it's an Alola Exeggutor.
If this is real, I'll eat my hat
SHIT POST DAY IS GREAT. I WANT SUN K THANKS. 
The Catch: You can't see who's upvoting you.
Sounds like a bunch of Hooplah, but let's see how this plays out, Cotton.
This is an advanced shitpost.
Sure as heck won't be rich after this OP.

edit: Also I upvoted this. Pay up.
[deleted]
If this gets 1000 upvotes, I'll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Red and Blue.

Edit: Fuck 
Wow I've always wanted a copy of this book! 

https://books.google.com/books/about/Sun_and_Moon.html?id=lQj4oAEACAAJ&hl=en
[deleted]
I am king of the sticky now.
Just in case
You have to now it's on Reddit /r/opdelivers
Who actually believes this stuff. *upvotes*
Whats there to lose amirite
i don't even have a 3ds but ok
"I've made a huge mistake."
-OP

I want Moon btw ty bb <3
Shamelessly commenting because this blew up on my frontage and I secretly want to feel like I belong ~
O-ok
High quality shitposting today. 
Nothing to see here, just immortalizing myself on the top post of this subreddit. No mod abuse to see.^You^only^don't^get^banned^if^I^get^one

Edit: [boo](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/5ac0p2/if_i_get_100_upvotes_ill_buy_everyone_who_upvotes/d9fd4bt/) /u/Mockturne

Edit: [mfw shitpost day is top post on /r/all](https://gyazo.com/2dbe32a2e38cbd1456f1a32519d6b777)
THERE'S NO WAY THIS CAN GO WRONG
I am here for my free Pokemon sun and or moon. It's me, your parent.
Well this turned on you pretty fast huh?
I made 100 accounts to upvote did I do it right?
Guessing you probably put a cap on how many.  but since I didn't see and and it is on the internets, I am gonna keep my faith in humanity.  upvote, upvoting, upvoted.
There are so many comments nobody will know I'm gay
I mean, probably fake but juuuuust in case...
rich and bored, buy my wife and I a house!
I've upvoted, but if you don't deliver I'll be super disappointed for like 5 minutes. Then I'll remember this is the internet and go back to my daily life. :B
This is getting expensive...
Don't mind me, just genuinely interested to see if op is as handsome and amazing and smart as the ladies say
GUYS THIS GUY IS ACTUALLY TRUMP HE'S GONNA SPEND MONEY FROM HIS CHARITY TO BUY THE GAMES AND SHIP THEM OFF TO THE SOUTH BORDER TO BUILD A WALL OH THE VERY BEST WALLS I TELL YOU AND HE'S GONNA MAKE JAPAN PAY FOR IT.
Hey it's me ur upvoting brother
I'm poor and busy so let's do this.
Might as well leave a comment then. 
You won't. 
You know this isn't going to happen. But you never know. 

Also what happens if someone comments but doesn't upvote?
Hi yes hello send me my copy.
I wonder if OP meant to put 10,000 up votes or something more than a mere 100
Hi everyone, hope you're having as a good of a day as the mods are.

Edit: [Listen to my dope Nutshack remix](https://youtu.be/bq_EoR-IPk0)
If this happens I will donate my copies.
Seems like this will turn into a play on words but sure, why not? 
I up voted. Sounds too good to be true. No risk no reward 
test comment please ignore
Christmas came early this yearrrr
[deleted]
Say goodbye to your inbox OP :D
Trusting OP during the purge.....
What not. It's anarchy day I suppose.

I feel like we're getting pictures of Suns and moons.
Kek
Even though this can't be real, I want to make you proud!
I am oddly optimistic.
thanks brah.
Please :3 im a broke youngster xD
hello there! if this is real I love you.
Upvoted nerd. 
If you actually do this you won't be rich anymore lol
you wont no balls gimme moon
Just on the off chance lol
Yo homie don't puss out
I believe in op
Why not, upvoted :p
Ok
Trick or treat I guess. Sun
This seems fishy
To be safe. 
Here's hoping. 
Pls bb
I believe in you OP!
Pls deliver OP
Upvoted :)
Plzzz
Worth a shot
/u/violent_poop /u/awall621 /u/hiphopdad get in here for free stuff
Welp, couldn't hurt...
Swag money
ayy
Heyo I'd love a copy of Ra and Brahm
Howdy
Moon plz
Oml do it
cant be too careful even though this sub is just shitposts.
Nice. "Pokémon GO" is just about dead where I live anyways. 
Yo
Alright, hit me!
Thanks OP :) 
That'll be the day
I need this OP
So is this POKEMON Sun and Moon we're getting, or just ANY Sun and Moon you fee like?
i want in on this shitpost
still going on?
Just in case :p
This really blew up, way more than 100 :D
Sure.
[deleted]
Not sure if circlejerk or op is genuinely rich. But i'll comment just to be sure. :)


Edit: RIP your inbox
Just in case... Better send me the game before DWUW's video are released!
You better man
I upvtoeedd
Ridiculous, but eh
When you know there's no reason to have hope, but you hope anyway...
Just in case lul
If this is real....I'm in.
You never know.
Yes plz I want. 
Hi
I'd love a copy 
Even if there is a chance this happens I'll try 
Yea right. I don't believe it. 
Me ヽ( ͡°╭​͜ʖ╮​͡° )ﾉ
If OP delivers I will dance a happy jig and shave my face against the grain so it's dolphin smooth. 
ye boi
Just waiting for the slowpoke
For me too pls haha
Ok
I can't wait to play 
Yeah good job op! 
What's the worst that could happen?
I upvoted
Lul
Fuck it, I believe :)
Intrested to see where this goes 
Thanks OP! I pivoted (worth a shot)
Lemme get one of those :)
Conditionally upvoted
Hi yes I would like Pokémon Sun
Just passing through, rider.
How proud are you now boss?
Will OP deliver ?
holy shit u fucked up OP. btw im waiting
You might be poor after this but ill take either
Me too thanks 
Hopefully this works! 
/u/PitchforkEmporium is gonna be selling a lot of merch. OP better deliver 
[deleted]
Sorry OP, I don't think you can deliver. Feel free to prove me wrong tho'! :)
I'm just here so I don't get fined
I upvoted, thank you for doing this!
Down vote. Fuck Pokémon 
Copy Please :)
[OC] Just a regular image of Ash, please don't zoom in

I made this using a script I wrote in Julia. The source code can be found here. https://github.com/STulling/ImageReconstructor

It's fun to try to find your favourite pokemon
This is way too high effort. It’s just amazing
This post got removed yesterday for some dumb reason so don’t go around saying it’s a repost, it’s his OC
Wow ash got a lot of shiny dittos
Ngl I thought it would just be snoms
How long did it take?
Atoms are actually just tiny rotoms
"Don't zoom in" so obviously I had to zoom in.

I can't imagine the time this took. Kudos.
I zoomed in on his arm and got goosebumps.
ngl I hate the skin

something about the zoom on it gives me the creepy crawlies
The eyes give me a bit of trypophobia, but great work nevertheless.
Yep, nothing out of the ordinary.
... holy crap
That’s so ridiculously impressive. I don’t know what else to say...
Oh. My. God.
10/10 no idea what it is but it’s cool, knitting or something or maybe a complicated long stitch what ever it is it looks awesome!
That's awesome man
Now this is art
"Don't zoom"
Me : Zoom
34k+ upvotes for just a low res imagine of ash?! 
Smh This sub will upvote anything.
Well done!
Oh yeah perfectly normal
Very creative
Kinda cursed
r/megablessedimages
Now find the 1 hidden Mew.
[deleted]
ash's face be like:

&#x200B;

**R O T O M**
nice
Has anyone found ducklett?
If you zoom in and out, it looks like film grain; also, nice job!
That’s sick
u/saveimage
It looks lively when you zoom out
Jan doedel? Nl?
Muhctek hsa
Jokes on you, I’m on mobile!
That's awesome
how long did this take?
I'm having a hard time seeing the sprites, it looks like a painting.
I’m using Apollo and I can’t zoom in. What happens?
Can I just ask why some of the sprites are shiny and some aren't?
It's like when you realize that the carpet moving at you is actually a swarm of ants and it's real mad.
Dude that's so cool, how long did that take?
Ok I won't, I trust you op
Took me 2 hours, but I found Waldo.
So I am going to assume this took ... Time.
Needs more jpg
Broah...
Welcome to /r/all, well deserved!
Is my boi Oshawott in it?
“Gotta *be* them all”
Holy fuuck
Shiny's were used. I likes.
You know something is wrong when the image takes 2 minutes to load.
His skin looks gross till you realize what it is
I dont get it can anyone tell me whats the secret here??

Edit: Lol now i get it.I zoomed in alot aaand im pretty impresed.Pretty Cool
Ok I wont
Why is this so satisfying
Imagine doing this without a program.
I don’t even want to know how long this took
Don’t tell me what to do.
I have nothing but respect for the effort put into that
Bruh that’s fucking dope
What did it cost you?
This reminds me of the find Luigi minigame in Super Mario 64 on the DS
Found shiny lord helix, have updoot
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
I spent all afternoon looking for Waldo. Still looking
Gotta be them all.......
Now that's a lotta Shinies...
THIS IS AMAZINGLY DONE, GREAT JOB ON THIS AMAZING PIECE!
#Wow

This is just incredible. By the way everyone is going to zoom in if u ask not to
This has shiny Pokémon. Reported.










/s
He indeed cought them all
Very good
Take my damn upvote
Holy shit
Where are the pokémons WHERE COULD THEY BE? HMMMM
I zoomed in
Omg that’s not okay! The effort puts me to shame
I want to be the very best....
Imagine not being able to sleep at night because your eyebrows are LELELELELELEWOOOOOOP
lmao out of all the greens shiny Ursaring? Its awesome!
Great. Now I have to zoom in
I zoomed in
All I see is a Picture of Ash, nothing to see here, move along
How did you even do that?!
WHY
You madman.
This is really cool, did you make it? If you did, how long did it take?
Zoomed in!
Nice mate!
This is cool as hell! How long did it take?
Why not? That’s awesome
Fucking incredible
First I saw your miniature and was like:   
\-meh, I can do that  
Than clicked on it and thought, lol, thats weird.  
And than I've zoomed in, and my mind exploded.

Great Job.
Yo what the flippity flop, no wonder why the picture take so long to show. That's pure dedication, amazing !
Omg what did you do
Noice
Oh,ohhh,OHHHHH
What?
Pokeverse **intensifies**
I count 69 different Pokémon
That's some high quality oc
Holy crap, how long did this take?!
There is 578 unique ones
This is really cool!
That's impressive! Thought it was a sponge lol
This is incredible
Ok, I won't.
WHY
ok i wont
I see a Seel
r/thanksiloveit
YESSSS DITTOOO
Zoomed in. What the. Good work though
Nice one
\+rep
Holy shit! Well done!
I would like to know how long this took you
Well... I zoomed in. 10/10 would do again.
PSSHHH, yeaaahhh rrii----OMG!
i’m sorry i zoomed in
My trypophobia activated right away
This is cute
Rotom invasion
I saw my boi Camerupt there
How long did this take?? It's cool dont get me wrong but.... wow....
My god, it's full of ~~stars~~ Pokémon!
What the ever living fuck
This is ridiculously high effort, take my upvote you fucking madlad
Whaats black pokemon is on the hair
Holy crap, I just got slapped across the head with Kids Pix stamp tool nostalgia
Well now I must zoom in...
A god among men
So apparently I have the big dumb, what am I supposed to see? Lol
Gotta catch 'em all!!
I like how you used some shiny pokemon ! So cool!
I zoomed in once and thought oh cool art. Then read the comments and zoomed in farther and realized :(
wow
I zoomed in but don't see anything what is it?
"'anyways so I hid one mew in there, first one to find it wins $100"
Who has that much patience omg
This is actually.... just...... Amazing!
Holy hell, this poke-tastic!
" **regular image** "
I am high and it's like I'm in Pokemon heaven
ZOMG I've never seen so many shinys in one spot!!
Why
No snom :(
This sparks joy.

By chance, did you use any of the Turtwig line in here?
Insane pixel art, with pixel art of Pokémon.
Don't tell me what to do. I zoomed in. Nice.
My boi got Rotoms in his pants
Respeck
If you zoom in and out rapidly itll have the same resolution as my TV back then :)
That’s amazing
oh my christ
I did not see that coming
I zoomed in but not enough to get it until I checked the comments
Where might Snorlax be
How long did it take!
I found Vanilluxe!
Is anyone gonna talk about why there are dark green zubats beneath Ash’s crotch?
"Jesus, how many sprites did he use on this?"

"WELL THERES ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY, OR MORE TO SEE"
Yo that’s awesome
Dude, are you okay? 

This is awesome.
madlad
So many shinys
*Carefully, he’s a hero*
Art history students will study this in the future
Jesus christ
heck yes there's a spot full of shiny druddigons
hey op?

how fucking long did this take
To whoever made this good Job this must have taken a lot of time and effort, keep up the good work.
I counted 5,127,382 Wailords.  tbh it needs more Wailords.
The shinies are a nice touch
What have you done
"Oh, what a neat picture! I wonder what he meant- OH MY GOODNESS"
And here I was thinking I'd be saving my coins for a while this month.  First, fantastic job.  Second, you're insane.
I love it like hell good job
This makes me uncomfortable.
Ash had some wacky looking acne.
This wasn’t loading for me at first so I had no idea what you guys were on about and whilst zoomed in it suddenly loaded through and my eyes-
Nice
I did not zoom in, I thought you mean he peed his pants.
Saved!
Oh god!!
How hot is his hat (heat rotoms)
Amazing!
Wow! Didn't think I would see so many shiny Pokemon in there! So cool!
Did y'all find the hidden Shaymin?
Why have you done this, are you ok?
the rotoms look like little skin lesions as you zoom in.
Awesome
I really like Ash's hair, cant really put my finger on why
Cool
Didn’t do anything for me. 🤷‍♂️
Don’t worry, I didn’t zoom in
I got a headache
Okay
I am a simple man, I see Murder Bacon, I upvote
And just like gamefreak, you found a way to include Charizard lol
Love the shiny druddigons.
Why? Just why?
Downvoted for using Dewgong for white instead of Snom
At least it's not on a cob.
Dude that’s sick
Work. Of. Art
OP: “Please don’t zoom in” 

Me: Zooms in
Maaaaaan I was expecting Dickbutt :C
This guy is the very best like no one ever was
HOLY CRAP THIS IS FLAT OUT INCREDIBLE!!!
You were so preoccupied with whether or not you could, you didn’t stop to think if you should.
So Ash is made of bark?
So that's why it took a year to load
So please tell me?
That is FUCKING AWESOME!!!
Too much effort man love it
Not just all Dittos, disappointed.
Shiny Piloswine, niiiice
Image: Takes way too long to load
Me: what do we have today?
B r u h
exqueeze me
8.5/10 Too many Wailords.
You wanted me to zoom in you sick fuck
My phone won't zoom in enough. What am I looking at?
Ok
Gg fellow gamer
10/10
Nice! I found Dick Butt!
That Shinny dittos and haxorus
Also some shinny omastar
U are now the best person in the world
Cherrim is where is where his schlong should be. Coincidence?
Just me or do parts of this image seem a bit shiny?
Amazing
Holy fuck this is amazing
That's cool
Sorry, I zoomed in...
How is something like this remotely possible?
Nothing out of the ordinary here
Ash-Rotom
All shiny too that’s dope
Ash looks like he got infected
How does this not have more awards!?
How many sprites did you use in total?
I totally didn’t see that Pokémon🤏🏼
This is just amazing. I'd give you gold if  I wasn't broke.
That’s amazing
Oh... My... God...
That’s the coolest thing I’ve seen this hour!
This is pretty incredible
I was disappointed that I couldn't find psyduck but then super jazzed when I saw that he was shiny! This is amazing
Rotom..Dewgong..Wailord too.. shiny luvdisc.. mammoswine I’d say that’s oddish wouldn’t you?
This is incredible. How many numbered pokemon were used in the final image? How many individuals? What was the most used pokemom, and the least?
I miss #THIS Ash. 

No way he is still 10. Like in the later seasons he actually shows growth and development.
That brings a whole new meaning to sprite art
Now where's Mawile?
Dude! It’s so talented that you were able to do this!
*johnny bravo voice* awe now I have to
You are Professor Oak now
Whale Lordy ya got me!
Did not zoom in, was not disappointed
what the actual DUCK? HOW LONG DID THIS TAKE YOU MAD MAN?!
COOLEST
this is fucking amazing
ditto background ditto background
How much data did I use just looking at this picture
Please vaccinate your kids
Hey look, it's all of the Pokemon Ash has missed over the years!
Damnit... I zoomed in..
Wow ash your face looks a lot more... uh....

schoking...?
Was it worth it, though?
How *long* did this take!?
What the fudgen that’s incredible
So, I zoomed in and all I saw was giant pixels. Does this not work on mobile?
A time lapse of this being made would be dope
This is shockingly well done.
Pssssshhhh... using shinies? That's lazy!

 - sees patches of shiny Horseas

GREAT USE OF SHINY POKEMON!
thats a shiny ash actually
#D U D E
I zoomed in
Good use of the shiny pokemon
Wow..
Holy fucking shit
Wait...I've never bothered to check but is shiny Metapod really red? I can now say that this is the most I've ever wanted a Metapod.
I wanna hug a Wailord
Neat
Oh god Ash run there are a bunch of pokemon behind you run!
Art
This is brilliant.
[OC] Did you think he was alone? (This time there is a real twist)

Are the other rocks all Geodudes chilling?

This is so cool though
Yeah, I did not see that coming.
This is sick! Love it.
Imagine walking into your first gym and see this! Just the thought that the ace of the gym leader would loom above the both of you the entire time pretty much screams "the worst is yet to come"!
Could you imagine if this actually happened in the game?!? I'd have been so hyped! Amazing work
Is this stealth rock?
Which means Brock decorates his gym with onix corpses
It's beautiful 😊
awesome work man, the sudden onix kinda scared me
Pulled a sneaky on ya
This fucking rocks dude
WOAAAH!! Please make more of these, they are super cool!!
That's too much quality in there.
I have never seen a 3d pixel art
That rocks!
That's pretty dope. Imagine if Gamefreak put in half that effort.
It's amazing !! I love it !!!
Me challenging Brock with a lvl 10 Pikachu: “This is boulderdash!”
thats how the games should be
This is one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen!
Whoa, you could make an excellent cross-generation game out of this style :) Looking old school but with new school graphics/engine.

Whatever you do, it's beautiful!
The surprise hit my guts with joy and amazement. I'm astonished! Thank you for your work!

My internal kid would love to see something like that in a movie.
This is so amazing
No wonder Brock went for rock types ... if I had a gym set-up like that with a giant rock snek, I'd do it too.
Has an Arbok feel to it. Absolutely love it!
Red: Thank God I'm having a 1v1 now.

The Onix behind Brock: ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT
Things that GF could’ve done but never did because by the time they entered the 3D realm they got lazy af
Damn this is so satisfying to look at
Ok this is my fav thing of the day
It would be sick to play a Pokemon game in this new-old style
Dude imagine playing the game animated like this. Woulda shit myself when i saw that.
Red: Where's you're Pokemon?

Brock: The building is my Pokemon.
Imagine a full remake of the game in this style!
I love this. Can you do all the Kanto trainers?
THIS IS SO WILD AND MAGNIFICENT! 

I'd be intimidated af if I went to a gym and that is what happened when you initiate battle. 

I'd love to see this done with the other gyms as well, using their surroundings to make pokemon appear like this.
I love this gym layout 100% more now.
[removed]
This is out of the box

I’ll see myself out
Awesome
This is both amazing and unsettling, I love it!
I thought it was the ammoconda from enter the gungeon
More like

"Did you think this is 2D?"
This is awesome! Any plans on doing the other Gen 1 gym leaders?
Ah... I... You... omg I can never unsee this now. Wish we get a game in the future where a concept like this is used
Oh, this is SO COOL. 

Plans to do it with other gyms?
Gotta be careful of Brocks rock hard Onix. It's beaten many inexperienced trainers into submission!
My first thought was “Of course he’s not alone, there’s that one trainer with a sandshrew.”
Oh man, that was so awesome.
That was Onixpected
I want this to be canon now
Interesting! Well done!
I wanna see every gym in gen 1 have something like this. So cool!
If gen 1 is ever remade, i want this to happen when you talk to brock! Its awesome af
I fucking love these
Why is a giant rock snake weaker than a baby caterpillar?
This made me realize how badly I want a remake of Gen I in this fashion.

Pseudo 2D old-school sprites with details like this. + Fix the jank mechanics and back sprites and gen I would be enjoyable to play in 2021
I love it!
Also, as a growing animator >!Appreciate Onix's head going "off screen into the wall" cos it don't matter to the visual effect!< A great job!
Idc what anyone says this is canon now.
Absolutely sick
Ok this is freaking amazing
Fuck yeah this is awesome
This shouldve been a thing. No questions. As simple as it really is, its just soo freakin cool.
More of these!! So awesome!
I want to see a variation of this for all gyms from gen 1. This is amazing!
I've seen articles written about this post alone.
Yea there's no way gamefreak could be this creative
This fuckin rocks.
Hermoso.
Brock's onix can put the fear o god in me bc yellow was my first pokemon game. If this happened in the game I would ascend to a whole new level of fear.
That is fucking awesome
Thanks for that
Nice animation
I didn't expect this
Wow this is incredible! Do you mind a few questions? 

What is your process, how long did this take and is it adaptable easily?
That is cool
This is really cool, I’m impressed
Now I want an isometric tactical Pokémon game
Weee
OH SHIT
That's clever
Eyegasm
I must've watched this gif two dozen times in the last couple weeks and it never gets old😍😍😍
So cool
I wish Nintendo would have continued the 3D classics line so we could get stuff like this
im forever mad this didnt happen in any of the og games, fuck thats awesome
Love it
I always imagined it this way!
This is one of my all time favorite gifs
This all makes so much sense but also that’s terrifying imagine a wall just waking up and going you screwed up
Ok that's cool
That’s actually pretty terrifying lol 

Could you imagine a trainer doing this to initiate his fight? Not even the gym leader himself, make a normal gym trainer do it for the extra surprise!
Great animation
Absolutely great
The only way a new Pokémon game that uses the Kanto Region would be cool is if they did something like that
This is cool
Holy shit this is the coolest Pokémon related thing I’ve seen in a long while. Imagine remakes like this!
This is amazing! My fave gym leader/pokemon combo!!!!
Woah
that’s fucking SICK!!!
Neat!
Really good work! Put a smile on me
You gotta do this for the other gyms
5/7! Amazing, just purely amazing 🥲
woah
That's more than 8.8 metres
Oh my Onyx.
omg it surprised me so much that my brain restarted lmao
I love this, well done!
Unreal.
That is awesome
if they ever remake gen 1 again i want it done like this
This is too funking cool!!!
I kinda wish this was a thing, have the gym leader main Pokemon sit beside them. Can you imagine walking in to see a huge Onyx beside Brock? Or Whitney's Miltank just waiting to Rollout your whole team? Winona Alteria? You get a small prep for what to expect in the fight.
It's a loop and
Plotwist that's from pokemon rock type
This is amazing work, cool idea!
*Throws a bucket of water at Onyx*
Holy sh*t I love this!
[deleted]
Damn
*Head explodes*
This is fucking canon.
Woa, the games need you!
I love it!!
which Pokémon game is it?
I KNEW IT
This actually blew my mind a little bit not gunna lie
That’s cooler than a fan
This is amazing.
Imagine if this is what we saw back in 1996 it would have blown our freaking minds
That was Onix-pected!
Incredible.
This is incredible. Absolute talent.
Someone remake the games with this style. I would sell all my organs in order to play this
Always expect the onyxpected
😁😂😅😅😁😂😅😂😅😂😂😂😂😂😂😁😁😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😁😂😂
I would genuinely have loved to have seen this in the actual game.
Awesome work creating the ilusion that it's 2d ortho, love it!
Love this, amazing work @op
Who's the source ?
It's a shame that Onix's mediocre stats don't reflect what a badass he is.

I wish that this really cool Pokémon were more technically viable.
Are you a fan of Final fantasy tactics? I'm getting some strong vibes off this.
Love this!
Reminds me of aliens when the Xenomorphs perfectly blend into the walls
Damn.
Can we get this remake?
God dammit, what a cool idea!
I wish gamefreak would come up with things like this in the following games!
I think if you moved the camera by integer units during the vertical scroll it would fix the pixel jitter.
All this time I wasted looking for the mew under the truck and togepi in bill's secret garden when the real easter egg was right here fml.
Gamefreak could never. Would be sick seeing that playing the game.
That would be cool in a game cutscene
This would have blown my mind playing as a child. Brock was already tough enough!
weird but loves it...
Okay, this is pretty cool. :D
I’d love to play an updated R/B/G/S that play like this.
Fucking badass
This makes me happy.

Might go listen to the Pokemon center Red Version Theme song now
This is awesome.
Look at me now dad!
 wow this is really impressive
This is amazing
This makes me so nostalgic I may pick up red or blue and play. Thanks!
Gonna need all 8 OP. For reasons and science.
I'd love to see more of these.
This is gold!
5 year old me would have shit his pants
Not gonna lie. It looks a bit creepy.
Damn this never occurred to me. I’ll never see that gym the same way again.
Mind blown! Great work man
Woah this is awesome! It would be really cool if this happened when the battle music starts and the fight is initiated
I would play a Pokemon game retro-designed like this, 100%
I love Onyx.
Ok please please do this for the other gyms!!
An actual game like this would be so cool
Wow you just hit so many memories I didn’t know I had.

I was 11 when a friend gave me money to buy him a used cartridge of Pokémon Yellow, and I borrowed his Red game boy pocket for a weekend. I finished the game after playing more than 16 hours straight.

That weekend we were evicted from our home, but I don’t remember much of that because I was sitting in a corner of my empty room, playing Pokémon with a charger instead of batteries and headphones. I swear I had the Pokémon Center music in my ears for days.
Day by day you turn cooler
That shit is so cool, AND it makes sense
Holy cow, this is awesome. You should be the art director for gyms.
I love these
Damn that's killer what else is alive
Aww. I was just making a funny.
Great animation!
Just imagine this in a game. How awesome that would be jesus. Gamefreak should do this much or at least pay the fans who make beautiful things like that so they can use it in-game
That's so dope. Lol. Wish a Geodude popped up out of nowhere.
"I DID IT! I BEAT THE GYM LEADER....wait why are the walls and decorative stone mov-"
Dude, this is rad. How did you make this?
Wow!!! That's awesome
Man I wish
Loved this!
That’s awesome!
That’s so cool, blew my mind!
HOLY SHIT! THIS IS WHAT THE POKÉMON GAMES NEED! This is dope
I love u
Absolutely love these!
Wow that’s nice.
Someday we will have a gym which is just Stakataka
Just want to say that is such an amazing idea!
That is beautiful! Thank you for this. You made my day
Yeah, these are fantastic! I hope you do more.
Ahh man, that'd be such a cool battle transition in a game.
can someone tell me which pokemon game is this? i mean no offense to anyone, i used to play pokemon a lot back in the days, i just havent played any game in 15 years or so.. last one i played i think was pokemon ruby or sapphire..
this is awesome! Could you share how you make it?
I need this in an emulator. NOW!
7 year old me is turning this shit off. Can’t beat that rock snake with my fire lizard.
Wow this is so awesome
Wow. If they have done that my 5 yr old self would have been bouncing off of the walls. Great work!!
Holy shit.
Too bad onix has an attack stat lower than oddish
Super dope, I’m picturing the rest of the boulders as geodude, graveler and golems now.
If I had saw that as a kid I would have never put the Gameboy down.
The motion was so serpent-like that it’s perfect since Onix is a Rock Snake. The anime has Onix’s movements more block-like but I definitely prefer this
soooooooooooo niiiceeeeeee
THAT is a scary thought to think about 🥶
Please keep doing these
This is next level creativity. Absolutely great
I got chills!
Ok I love this!
That's really cool!
Gamefreak lost the chance to do this in LGPE, that would've been amazing.
I've seen some pokemon sprites somewhere where they also got 3d modeled like this. What is this called? It's amazingly dope!
Hey, how did you make this? Are all the objects actual 3D models? And do you run the footage through a pixelated filter?
I think I would have shit myself if that happened when I was a kid
God damn you’ve got some talent *clap clap*
Love it, it is really cool. It would be awesome in the original games.
Oooh damn dude !!! That's rad.
My childhood is joy-farting
I love it
This is freakin' awesome! Great work!
Onix is such a cool ass pokemon, too bad its god awful
So cool
I’m trying to put myself back in my eight year old self and I think I would have legitimately shit a brick if this happened. This is absolute genius.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Oh my gosh that's so fucking cool!
As a Rock-type lover since the Red and Blue days, this brought a smile to my face.
I would have been so freaked out to see this
That’s actually SO DOPE! Do Misty and Starmie!
Awesome! Are you going to do any more of these?
Ok now it makes sense
This is so awesome!!! More of these, please!
This is SOOO AMAZING!!!
It really is a failure of design that Onix doesn't have the attack or even the HP bulk to backup its badass design in gameplay. It really takes away from the impact of what Onix is supposed to be when you realize that he could have instead had a Skitty or a Wurmple and it would be exactly as much of a threat.
I love these
This is FANTASTIC
Mind ****ing blown
YO that would have had me lit as a kid
That’s actually kinda cute and cool
1 day and the 4th most upvoted post ***EVER.*** 

*noice*
Your post, despite being under 3 days old, is already in the top 5 posts of all time for this sub!

And it's well deserved.

Congrats!
I love this, it made me smile.
This is the 4th most upvoted post in r/pokemon ever! Congrats! Props to you!
Aw man this would have been such a cool feature in the actual game!
That’s cool lol
It went from Pokemon to Final Fantasy Tactics real quick with that iso view lol
“My Pokémon are rock hard!”
*Onix moves into position*
God that would terrify me so much
We don't need remakes, we just need re-iterations of the entire game to this kind of cool shit
Yooooo so cool!!! Would love a remaster of this gem...man i was 7th grade and my friend had this little brown instruction manual for Pokemon and once I saw what the game was about i was absolutely taken. I BEGGED my mom in KB Toys and she bought me a gameboy pocket and blue version...changed my life and was my first real jrpg. Thanks for this OP. Gotta catchem all!!!
Cool.
The boulders chilling are all gravelers lol
This is a brilliant idea, great work.
Some of the rocks are golem
This is amazing, wow!
This is amazing!
Whaaaaat
WELL THAT WAS CERTAINLY...

&#x200B;

**ONIXPECTE-**

\*dies of cringe overdose\*
HOLY SHIT, that will low-key scare me that's how good it is.
Wait it's all Onyx?

Always has been *Rock Blast*
Username checks out!
If I saw that on the gameboy growing up, I would of filled my pants.

Hey /u/MattOnyx,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
I will always post them on reddit, but if you want I also started an [IG here](https://www.instagram.com/noel_onyx/) for this kind of stuff, and also have [Twitter](https://twitter.com/NoelOnyx) if you want to follow or have a chat. Thanks for all the love!
How you made this?
Great art but those onyx eyes are cursed.
Which software did you use?
Might I ask how have you accomplished such wonderful results?
I'm trying to learn 2.5D drawing/animation and would appreciate!
Is it overstepping to ask how the hell you make these (literally, what program(s) do you use)? I love them so much.
Frickin awesome!!!!
Username checks out.
This rocks
This is fantastic, really great work! If you don’t mind me asking, and apologies if this is a stupid question, but how did you make this? Is this programmed or some really slick cgi skills?
This is officially canon in my head
Onyx, use Stealth Rock!
I did not
I'm going to pretend this actually happens in the game
Yo this is a actually sick! Would love to see on every gym ever
i didnt because it never moved
Amazingggggggg
I see a lot of rock hard jokes on here..😂
This is so fucking cool, dude! Gamefreak should take notes or just hirevyou because you're awesome
This is awesome. Did you make it?
My life is a lie!
 s. ,b69.9""+?
It sick it piss!
u/savevideo
It's a little sad to think that we'll never see another official Pokémon game like this again. Farewell, 2D sprite era. You'll always have a special place in my heart.

Went out and got SoulSilver and Platinum last year. Best game related purchase of the year I’d say. Love these games
DS-era Pokemon were some of the most beautiful sprite games ever made.
I miss 2D pokemon so much.
Maybe one day we will have the possibility to choose 3D or 2D mode, like the last Dragon Quest on Switch.
I’d love a sprite based game but with bumped up models and attack animations. We’ve seen how gorgeous sprite based games look from octopath traveler so I personally would love if one day in the future they revisited the idea
I've honestly accepted that I don't like the new visual style and it's enough that I'm not too interested in the newer installments.

The sprites/art style really was a lot of Pokemon's identity in my eyes.
I remember as a kid thinking that a proper 3D Pokemon game would be the coolest thing ever. Now that we've got one, I wanna go back to the sprites. Maybe it's just nostalgia, who knows.
Walking with your pokemon, multiple regions, cool moves, strongest trainer. OP
Also the generated music. As epic as real instruments are, something about the 2D games music is special to me
When quality of game contents was more important than graphics.

I will severely miss that time.
No matter how well the 3D graphics improve in the future, I feel like Pokémon games will always work best in a 2D, top-down setting.
I say this with complete and utter honesty, I’ll bet in 5-10 years Game Freak will remember the gems they created in the DS era because of the sprites, and they will make a few more in “retro” style. Even if its just for money.

My pockets would be emptied so fast.
[deleted]
I know a lot of people are super hyped for the mystery dungeon blue remake... But i'm really not a fan of the mystery dungeon series using models. The sprites were so expressive and a big part of why i liked them

Edit: Here's the link to the trailer if you haven't seen it

[https://youtu.be/cfMeYFhANfs](https://youtu.be/cfMeYFhANfs)
Why is that espeon trying to seduce me
countless indie games got you covered
The things is: Great pixelart is timeless. It will always look great. But 3D with the models, textures and animations have a way worst deal in the time test...  
The charm of the old pokemon games will forever be there, making them special.  
Look at the new Mystery Dungeon reveal... it looks waaaay less charming than the 1st one...
Heart Gold had the best overworld sprites and Black and White had the best looking Pokémon sprites. Change my mind.
Black and white had some of the best sprites in the series. Some pokemon became very worse with the 3d era, like haxorus or eelekteross.
We need a romhack with all regions and all pokemon...
These games were so beautiful. It’s a shame that the games went to shit after adding in 3D models that looked crap anyways. Would love if they added a feature like dragon quest were you could choose between the 3D mode and 2D
You guys should check out "Coromon". It's a game that is **heavily** inspired by pokemon. I've been playing the demo (full game coming out sometime this year?) For the last couple days and love it. Takes me back to the old emerald/FRLG era.
I wouldn't be so sure. Nostalgia is a powerful thing. Pokemon and Nintendo know this and you best believe they will be capitalizing on it.
I actually like the 3D art more than 2D. I think they improved a lot of the models and I have no complaints of them so far. They looks really cool.
Who would have thought, 10 years ago, that this would be the top of the pokemon franchise. Sad just sad
I have faith that we might get another.
Play some ROM hacks my guy. Most of them use GBA as a base but those're nice too.
I say let GameFreak keep making sprite based games and let someone new (and better at it) make full fledged 3D (open world, multiplayer, decent graphics and quality etc.) Pokemon games.
gif from a Gen 4 game, upvotes to the left
Sprite art is so much better than lifeless 3D.
I really liked that Gen 6 went full 3d with the overworld but kept the same tile-based art style that made it look like pokemon. I think Gen 6 looks better than gen 7 because of this.
Don't worry, you'll still see it in every indie game published until the end of time
2D was so much better than forcing these bad 3D graphics.

Enjoy my 2D.
Unpopular opinion, but i prefer the 3d graphics. The characters and overworld look way more pretty and way more expressive. The Pokemon models, sure they aren't perfect but i prefer them over the simple sprites we had in Gen 2-4 (I'll say the Gen 5 pokemon models are better since they are more expressive). Plus people complain about attack animations in the newer games when the older games didn't have any.
old good new bad😤😤😤
The best era
Well, that's tecnology for you.
This is a pretty late goodbye lol
Just thinking this now after 7 years lol
Brb, just gonna go cry and play Heartgold.
Am I the only one who dislikes many aspects of the 3d versions? Many Pokémon look much better in their sprite form and the trainer in the 3d walks like a fricking robot. Not to say he has no facial expressions. 
Man, I really love sprite versions, seeing the 3d made me appreciate how good they are
What’s worse is that nowadays, the new Pokémon games have DLCs now...
DPP and HG/SS were probably my favorite games, graphically. The classic sprites combined with modern yet light 3D environments... ugh. So good.
Which game is this?
Still wish I had my copy of SS - lost it a few years ago to a fire - wish it wasn’t so expensive to buy used or I wish Nintendo would release a digital copy
2D Era > 3D Era
With the release of Brilliant Diamond & Shining Pearl, I’d LOVE to play remakes of all the series in this style on the Nintendo Switch.
They tried doing this with 3d with bd/sp but it wasn’t taken to well by the community from what I have seen
2D pokemon >>>>>>> 3D pokemon
Gen 5 was a great and unappreciated send off for this era
It's funny how for years and years people were saying "give us a full 3d Pokemon" and now that we have it, all of a sudden now people are saying "we miss our 2d Pokemon" lol. 

People are just never satisfied.
Isn't...isn't that the point? As technology gets better, shouldn't graphics?
I would love for the games to become look like hand drawn 2D (think cuphead, Hollow Knight, etc)
Maybe even look like the anime... Idk would be cool.
Check out Coromon. Looks fucking beautiful and I'm definitely going to pick it up.
I’m actually looking forward to having 3D models and a full open world which Pokémon roaming around like the latest games. It what a Pokémon game should be. I’ve played all the main games since red and blue and as technology progresses it’s good to see the games finally catch up.  Pokemon needs to have the treatment Zelda got with breath of the wild. Sprites while will hold a dear place in my heart but are rather outdated especially for a Pokémon game.
It won't, from a business standpoint they will ride the 3d open world train for a bit till it slows down, then they will make a 2d retro version that everyone will buy just like zelda is doing. It will came back. To much money was made of this style to just never go back.
Just imagine if we could swap between the 2 styles, that would be amazing. Gamefreak would never do that though..
Buddy if Dragon Quest 14 is anything to prove it’s that the 2D sprite era will resurge in Pokémon one day. Definitely not Gen 8 but they will be one where you can switch on the fly. They didn’t just throw those all those sprite sheets away. I think...
Hot take of an idea, but why not have Pokemon HOME be a home for virtual console versions of old Pokemon games, too? And you could transfer them suuuuuuper easily
It will come back. Look at the success of sonic mania. Or DQ11 2d mode
My latest little animated project

So smooth and so cool! Love it
Man, that’s so smooth! Good job!
Lillipup is ripe for r/areyouseeingthisshit

Great job!
Omg! The way you animated that blankie was life like!

I can't believe the skill! It's amasing, truly.
[removed]
thats fuckin sick
the shocked lillipup haha
u/savevideo

This is exactly the kind of animation I tried when I first attempted animation! Yours is far superior; I’m inspired.
Gesundheit.
I know we’ve moved on from pixel art Pokemon games now, but I would love if they made something this amazingly detailed every other year instead of remaking like “let’s go” or “BDSP”. Keep the open world coming, but add one of these into the mix and I’d be so happy! Great work with this
This is so cute!!  Omg I love it so much!
love the little jump
How did you do it? As in what software/devices did you use to create this?
if pokemon were real i imagine they accidentally evolve like this
my boi
This is awesome! Do you have anything else like this?
This makes me miss pixel art. Really tired of the pokemon 3d renderings, they don't look very smooth compared to pixel graphics
This is really really good, I'm so impressed!
Charmeleon: achoo *evolves

Lillipup: 😳
That is so fucking cute it almost hurt
I hope you don't mind a little constructive criticism. There is a lot to really love about this animation - the attention to detail with the blanket, the facial expression, all excellently done.  
The only part that didn't work for me was the floaty landing after the sneeze; the body lacks visual weight, floating back to the ground too slowly and smoothly.  Makes him behave more like a balloon as a result.  It's the one time it's better to skip intermediate animation frames to give the impression of gravity operating on something that has abruptly become heavier.
My favorite Pokémon. Love this!
As an avid charmander line enthusiast, the frame by frame evolution is so damn smooth. Kudos to you sir/maam
That is epic! My favorite Pokémon is Charizard. Always has been. 😊
Oh I love this!
Lilipup just licking his foot in the background is so spot on. That’s all my Yorkie who just likes him ever does
What a beautiful little pixel animation! The expressions are everything 😄
Beautiful animation, and I love the little details you have, between lilipup freaking out, the blankets fluidity, and also them gym badges hanging over the fireplace
I.. umm.. would like to see more please.
Lillipup really said; 😨
Looks like it could be the cover for minecraft marketplace, they always have those fun little pixel arts
I need to know what it is about pixel art that makes it seem so damn expressive and wholesome. 

I love this By the way. Great work.
u/savevideo
Damn nice blanket phisics
Omg this is adorable!!
This is amazing.
Cute
❤️❤️❤️
*end of evolution congratulations jingle plays*
Absolutely love it. Epic.
So good! And very cute.
Awwwww!
This is incredible. Like a Sega Genesis game we should have had 🥲
Well done. Now I want a game with this look
This is adorable, I love it!
[deleted]
Awww i love it, he's so cute
When that Pokémon you burned earlier finally KOs
This is honestly the bestvthing I've ever seen in this sub. Awesome!
It’s *so* good. I half expected the drapes to catch fire from his tail
Amazing quality, love Lillipup’s reaction
This is what Pokémon games should be.
That transformation was so smooth, great Job.
Dope
Gesundheit.
Put the fear of God into poor Lillipup
This is amazing! Well done
Best thing I've seen today!!
From 1986?
Such smooth animation…
I, too, am allergic to personal growth.
The little things--Lillipup's eyes, the gym badges and picture on the mantel of Gyarados--are what makes this awesome. You could have stopped at Charmeleon, but I love it!
reminds me of dragon in kitchen manga
This is awesome
That is AMAZING!! I love animation but wow! If I could suggest something, how about making the fire on his tail flair up, and maybe stay that way or go back down? Also maybe add more fire in the sneeze!
[removed]
That's really cool. Thanks for sharing!
This is freaking rad
Anything that involves my boy Charmeleon gets a free award from me. Enjoy!
Amazing work
Holy fucking shit this is inspirational. 

Did you animate a sketch first and then go over it with the pixel art? I need to know this process. It's so damn good.
Bless you young child
Imagine the trainer comes home to see his friend is now 3x as big as he was 4 hours ago
Holy shit that's amazing
Just WOW! Such incredible stuff! Thanks for sharing!
How cute!!
Hypnotic. I love it!
Love!
Very cool!!
Last time I sneezed I just evolved into me but with a bit of piss in my pants
This is awesome!
Didn’t  need to train, just let the dust pile up
Nice follow through with the wings, head, and blanket!
Is charizard and the blanket animated in 2D or is there some 3D magic happening? Anyways really sick, makes me miss sprites again
That looks awesome! The flapping of the wings and cloth look so tight
u/savevideo
I needed this right now. Please make more adorable GIFs.
This is how Pokémon probably realistically evolve
Bless you !
The look on his face as the blanket falls, so sweet ♥️
This is awesome
Awesome. Love it
Omg this is precious
this is PERFECT 😍
Niice, love it.
Can you please tell me which software or tool used to create such cool animation
Yoooo thats transition was smooth congrats
i feel like it should be a lil bit faster tho but sick anim bro
This is frickin adorable.

Though apparently everyone in the comments is way more observant than me as I didn’t notice the Lillipup at first!
So cool, man! Great job!
Smooooth
This is awesome! You are really talented. Keep going
Fantastic work! :)
More effort was put into this than any of the recent Pokémon games. This is phenomenal!
That is so adorable! Wonderful job!
This animation gives me flashbacks to the old Sierra games on the windows 98(or maybe 95?)
That's sick man🔥
Okay that’s sick
Growing pains.

Hey /u/Siffrelot,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Thank you for posting to r/pokemon! It looks like this post has not been claimed as Original Content (OC).

- If this is **your own work**, please reply to this comment with `[OC]` or `I made this`. You can also toggle the `oc` flag on your post.

A reminder that \/r/pokemon requires all creative work to be OC, in order to protect creators. If this is ***not*** **your own work**, please delete your post per [Rule 5](/r/pokemon/wiki/rules#wiki_5._original_content_.28oc.29_only). Thank you!

***

*I am a bot, and may not detect all forms of OC claims. If you've already made it clear that this is your work, please ignore this comment.*

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pokemon) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Very nice
Mommmm.... Sally needs a bigger dinner bowl
This is soo cute!!
Incredible
[deleted]
So nice!
Nice work!
Everyone talks about how cute Charmander is, but Charmeleon is so adorable here. FireRed art? A total badass. This art? Goodest boi. Love it!
omg baby dragon in blanket, reminds me of Quest for Camelot
Love it
This is soooo adorable, great job!!!
No you
Makes me wonder what a sneeze from other types of Pokemon would look like. A blast of freezing wind from an Ice-type? A burst of spores or seeds from a Grass-type? Acidic gunk from a Poison-type? 

Anyways, an amazing animation!
What the heck
Hey, owner could u send me this by any chance so I can make it my discord pfp?
God I love those cloth physics.
Adorable! Nice work
He needs a bigger blanket now, hope he stays warm
Background mobs eyes are very Sierra-esque. Very nice.
We're going to need a bigger blanket
Love it. But wouldnt it be cooler to have the lilipup pupils small at first and the pitch black eyes when the evolution happens? like lilipup would?
This is incredible! I really hope you decide to make more of these.
Very good! I really like it! Also love the lilipup one LOL
Charizard taking care of the house while Red is gone be like.
They grow up so fast!
Why is Lilipup licking itself like a cat?
WOW!!! this is awesome!!
Incredible
How did you make this? Awesome stuff!
This is super cool u have so many pkmn choices to make this a “Series” tbh.
I love it! How many hours did this take?
This is the cutest thing!
If I try hard enough I can find pause frames where char looks very funny evolving.

Looks great, good job.
Awesome job. Keep up the great work.
So clean and smooth! Kind of reminds me of the animation style of Out Of This World
This is exactly what I feel about growing up
When they figure out how to tattoo gifs onto people I’m getting this
How can I download this to use as a background?
Gesund*heit*
Hi   Hoolla
This is awesome
Amazing! But the top photo on the fireplace looks like a tablet home screen haha
So nobody wants to know why it's tail is on fire?
I swear I saw another post like this, but with the title being something different.
Looks fantastic, how long did it take you?
Amazing job! Thank you for this!
Was waiting for it blow fire on that cloth when it landed on it's head. 😅
This must've taken a long time (I suspect, animation can take a really long time no?). And it paid off, it looks fantastic!
Very nice job. Only thing id say is that lilpups eyes need to change faster (perhaps a single frame jump, or happening earlier in time with the sneeze), since it is a sneeze I'd expect more of a sudden shock animation.
I love how it looks like it came from an old computer game. I used to play pocahontas and beauty and the beast, as a kid, and the animation was exactly like this one. Love it so much
https://fb.watch/cDEAk6WhAs/
I love all your art. Just wonderful
The more dragon the better.
Amazing! Do you have this in Gif form?
Outstanding! Good job!
Skipped a whole evolution too
Love it!!
Awesome!!!!
https://videosilo.xyz/9876234586582645/   Inscrivez-vous pour obtenir un bonus de 10 dollars américains pour les nouveaux arrivants ! J'ai gagné plus de 200 dollars américains en regardant la vidéo ici, vous pouvez donc l'essayer.
Looks a little more natural at 2x the speed
NICE!
I know nothing about pokemon but appreciate the skill you're showing. Nice work!
Very well animated! I think it could be sped up a little, but proportionally that hang time on the blanket was perfect
That’s some awesome secondary motion and follow-through. Pixel animation this smooth is deceptively hard. Well done!
[deleted]
That's howesome, I think the flame should go bigger during the snize to accentuate the fun.
I love everything about this!
Too cool! I love it!
u/savevideo
This is awesome OP, excellent job!
Godly work
I feel like you could do the same think with a wartortle but he evolves and hydro pumps himself off screen
I love pixel art animation, and this is some of the best I've seen!

If you don't mind me asking, what did you use to make this? It look really smooth.
This is the cutest thing I've seen in a while.
I’m in my mid 30s and haven’t played Pokémon since the game boy days, this made me ridiculously happy and nostalgic. Great work.
How do you made this ? Which program do you used ? 
It’s fantastic *-*
isnt that the first gen badges above the fireplace thats so sick
I have never played Pokeman and know next to nothing about it, but this is really cute and well done.  Bravo!
This has such old-school Sierra Games vibes. Excellent work!!
The puppy's look is priceless. Nice job and poor Charmeleon/Charizard. I notice the eight gym badges in the picture above the fireplace from the Indigo League too.
I love this , do one for each starter please !
this is amazing!!
Awww
Really well done! The blanket drop was gold.
What program did you use?
My two year old saw this and said WHOOOAA :)
look the lillipup .-.
Fantastic work. You should be proud. Thank you for sharing!
u/savevideobot
This is incredible
reminds me of the msbob house
Reminds me of broken sword somehow
u/savevideo
Beautiful ❤️

Also, bless you Charizard.
u/savevideo
Holy shit this is cool
Aww.cute💕
This is so fun to watch! Thanks for the smile!
Hello, on which program did you make this design?
/u/redditspeedbot 1.5x
I love the animation of the falling blanket. Very cool!
Mind if I take this for my homescreen?
This is absolutely awesome. Super talented. Love the art style. Do you have a website or Instagram to follow per chance?
so cosy!
I love him sm
that lillipups reaction is gold
"Great, now I have to buy new clothes..."
I love it. I think it needs to be sped up, though.
u/savevideo
Super cool. Really good. If you wanted to do a second or two more, at the end you could have him turn his head under the blanket like he's confused.
u/savevideo
He just defeated a really small pokemon
Love it
And the blanket falling on charizard a face makes it all the better
That looks amazing, the only issue I see is that the animation is a little bit floaty, a more snappy transition of the transformation would make it more dynamic.
Create one with Blastoise
Love it
What did you use to make it ?
Love
u/savevideo
Lilipup is so adorable
Love this so much.
Wow!!!!! this is great!
I like that!
Lillipup is very concerned
This is amazing!
İts Wonderful Bro!
Size accurate Charizard! I’m really impressed with the smoothness! Great job!
Excellent! Great job!
Cute
This is awesome! Great job!
Could you do a squirtle to blastoise? would love to use it as an apple watch face hahaha
Very, very cute! I love it!
beautiful
awwwww
u/savevideo
must've sneezed on a joltik or something so he leveled up lol
This is incredible! Great work!

On a side note this made me picture a wartortle sneezing underwater but when he evolves the new canons launch him backwards.
incredible!!
u/savevideobot
9681 7189 8307 add me Pokemon go
u/savevideo
Man, that's so damn smooth and adorable!
Adorable and really well done!!
YOOO THAT'S SO COOL I LOVE IT CONGRATS!!!!
This is so wholesome
I love it, you did a great job!
wonderful
I appreciate you actually using the height of charizard and not pretending he’s like 8 feet tall.

Can you do one for my boi ivysaur?? Very beautiful animation
Reminds me of the old Lucasarts point and click games.  Where everything is about collecting random things and using/giving them out to advance the story.

Like this one, you have to find this Charmealon's blanket that he's had since he was a charmander and is an anxious mess without it.  After realizing an Apom stole it to give to a Starly to make a nest, you find a replacement blanket for the Starly, which then gives you back the Char's blanket, which you return...  and witness it evolve as it sneezes from a Starley feather still attached to it.

Then Sam mades a off comment about feathers in pillows and Max talks about wanting chicken for dinner while eyeing the Torchic in the corner.

(the last part is just a deep cut reference to the lucasarts point and click)
I love it!
Very cool. No affection, no battle, just a fucking brain and body reset because of the sneeze.
its so cool and cute
This is great! The blanket looks like its physics were rendered in 3d first so smooth
It reminds me the graphics of broken sword games, so cozy!
Looks amazing
DAMN WHERE MY FREE AWARD WHEN I NEED IT!
Gonna need to get him a bigger blanket
This is so good! Nice job ;)
Omg love this! 

There's any sub where I can find more content like this? Like pixel art or something?
This sooo cute!
Thanks, I love it
This is amazing!
They grow up so fast.
Blanket looked great when it fell back down on his head
The only bit of constructive criticism i can give is charizard is unnaturally flat on the bottom and to me at least it draws my attention because it doesn't match the smoothness of the rest. Even just a slight dip where his legs meet his body but match it better. Please don't think im hating tho. Absolutely amazing piece of work and much better than i can make so keep it up
I LOVE IT!!!
I love it!! I didn't even notice the once in the corner at first, it's little face was priceless! That's some serious talent OP :)
That amazing good job
omg, this is so smooth and so well done. I love it. xD
Absolutely delightful!
WOAH! This is epic! Nice job!
that has to be so painful fror the pokemon
I LOVE it
I think I saw this already but nice
Super cute
Not a fan of Pokemon but this was really well done. Good job
RT I love
How do you do this? You draw frame by frame?
I love this, this is AMAZING
Ahh puberty hit him like a truck too
Beatiful
Pretty cool man! Kinda cute too lol. Well done!!
it looks like the lillipups head isnt connected to its body and im confused

beautiful though
Love it! Would be incredible if there was a little screen shakes when he sneezes and then when he lands. The shading is immaculate though
Really impressive
SO CLEAN
THAT IS SO CUTE
Wow this looks so nice. Nice anticipation and then amazing transition. I love this!! ❤❤
I love that he just accepts the blanket on his face like “welp. This works I guess”. Honestly it’s a beautiful animation with how fluidly it moves. It’s beautiful especially the little hop between the evolving.
the snez
this is the sweetest thing i’ve ever seen!!!!
What program is this made with?
Evolution has never been so adorable.
Cute and creative, great job!
Smooth as a new borns ass
A pokemon point and click game, how awesome would that be?
That fucking joltions reaction is funny af
Awesome... How you did that a tut please
Bro this is sick
Lol this is the coolest! Your talent is amazing!
Your work is amazing. Hope one day to see a Marshadow but if not it’s still worth looking. Love it
Keep it up. Love it.
OMG, this dragon reminds me of something...
can we get a Squirtle who farts and turns into Blastoise.
PLEASE SHARE MOREEEEE !!!!
Good job
u/savevideo
This made it to my Reddit feed, I don’t follow anything Pokémon related. Freaking awesome animation aha! Gave me a nice memory flashback to the last Pokémon game I played (Pokémon red on my fancy **color** gameboy)
This is so cute 🤩 Amazing job
It looks really good.
That was so unexpected and delightful
❤️
u/vredditshare
That’s absolutely brilliant. Please keep animating, my friend, you have a gift. Have a wonderful day, and my best wishes to you.
Te lilpup was like🤯 WHAT JUST HAPPENED
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
This but with a Wailmer living in someone’s house
I love the Lillipup curled up in the corner too! 🥰🤗
My man sneezed so hard he aged up from teen to adult.
I f\*cking love this. Thank you
Love it, great job
That look of being annoyed like "really...again?" is hilarious.
LITTLE?!.. Oh well
I'd say that's HUGE
Great job!!!
great art bro
Extremely  cute!
This is awesome great job! What program did you use to animate this and how long did it take you?
There is nothing better on the internet than this. Lol!
HOW CUUUUUUTE!!!!
When I was younger, I was a massive avid fan of pixel art, whereas I was tired of and didn't care for 3D animations/renderings. Even though it's been years, I still genuinely love it and can't get enough of it. Pixel art is a form of art that is underappreciated.
Watching this makes me feel all is right in the world
Ah man.  This is incredible.
The smoothness is really remarkable here. Very well done.
And now a Pokémon game with this graphic style instantly is one of the things I crave the most


Thanks, mate :(



( joking, awesome work bro ❤)
Should have clicked ‘B’ to stifle that sneeze.
Awe… poor thing has Pokerus!

Great, smooth, fluid animation:) Im obsessed
I. Have. No. Words. That is great animation! So smooth, and detailed. Not to mention the minor details like the lilipup.
fuckin love it
That was awesome, hella smooth

For a second I thought he sharted into adulthood.
I love this! It reminds me of the dragon raising game in Quest for Camelot I used to play on PC when I was a kid!
This looks like the “raise a dragon” mini game in the old computer game 

“Quest for Camelot”
Mhm

Now if only Groudon stays in the god damn pokeball.
Catching Lunara in the one and only Moonball you get from Oak is the real deal
When I was a kid I legit thought that matching colours meant an easier catch. I mean... when the Great Ball shook twice on Azelf and the Ultra only once, it felt quite true.
I normally catch all my legendaries in Premier Balls. But when I encountered Kyogre in the worm holes, I ran out of premier balls. I didn't want to use an ultra ball, because I thought it was kind of lame. I ended up using the one Heavy Ball the game gives you, with the mentality of "hey, Kyogre is a pretty heavy guy, right?"

Critical catch in a Heavy Ball.
catching mewtwo with a masterball because it is easier.

catching mewtwo with a masterball because of color coordination
Shiny wormhole hunting right now. Every shiny legendary goes in a Luxury Ball, nothing else.
I only catch in pokeball, I dislike all the other types of pokeballs
Lmao yes! I caught Reshiram in a premiere ball exactly for this reason.
I ended up catching every legendary in a regular pokéball and succeeded after multiple resets. Always tried to save the masterball for something better. In the end, I caught all the legendaries available in the game and ended up using the masterball on a Wailmer.
Modern problems require modern solutions
Wasn’t this posted like 10 hours ago?
Or the classic [Groudon in a Nest ball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdQ8fkzAwGk)
Great Ball over Net/Dive/Lure Ball? What is this?
I always bought Great Balls because I had more luck with them than Ultra Balls. Caught this guy in a great ball over a decade ago.
I only catch legendaries in premier balls, love the uncertainty!
I try to catch everything in coordinating pokeballs.
Catching a shiny Kyogre in a Masterball to satisfy both conditions
I have a kyogre in great ball. Run out of ultra balls and desided to try. It worked O_o
Gotta catch Groudon with the timer ball
I only use regular poke balls. OCD FTW
Back in the day, I believed that color coordination made the catch rate higher. I still go for it sometimes for that satisfying rush.

I also believed that the best time to catch a Pokémon was when they had yellow HP, because if it got to red, it became “desperate” and fought harder. 

Good times.
Beast Ball Best Ball
This post is 5h old and this comment will get completely buried but I gotta share this story. When I was maybe 14 years old, on a 3rd or 4th playthrough of Sapphire, I got to Kyogre. I liked saving my master ball for Latios/Latias, so I was stocked up on a shit ton of pokeballs, revives, and potions. On my FIRST encounter with Kyogre — without doing a single attack — I decided to throw a normal pokeball just for the memes. And I fucking caught it. I caught Kyogre on my first try, at full health, no status effects, using a mf pokeball.

Not sure anyone will believe me or even see this comment, but had to share that story with someone. It’s my greatest Pokémon moment of all time
I caught Groudon in a Great Ball once
I actually never use my master balls, i some how manage to catch them in other pokeballs
Anyone else smash B in hopes that it would be the secret trick to catching a Pokémon
Use to catch bagons in great balls so when they become Salamences they match
Nope, using the master ball because of the shiny.
Not catching Kyogre at all because you're playing sword and shield
I do that or try to get everything in pokeballs. I really like the Timeball effect from gen 4 tho and like using them a lot.
Master balls are for Mewtwo and Mewtwo only!
It always feels like great balls are the worst ones. I seem to have better luck using normal pokeballs.
I caught a Primal Kyogre in a Poke ball first try and couldn't stop laughing
i love color coordinating my catches with the appropriate poké balls 😍, its just so satisfying.
It's always color coordination or bust for me, and my Muk in a Masterball agrees.
I used a dive ball cuz im a rebel
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who color-coordinates pokeballs. I will catch Trapinch in a Nest Ball every game or I will die trying.
Poke ball variations have led me down the road towards OCD. I spent ages trying to catch the Island guardians in matching Apricorn balls. >_<
I used to try and catch legendaries in Premier Balls because the effects when it opened were super cool.

I miss Pokeball Seals. It was surprisingly fun customizing your pokemon's entrance to battle.
Pussies use master balls to catch legendaries
I prefer catching everything in a pokeball because I like having all my balls be the same. Most balls I find ugly except normal and ultra.
Catching Groudon in a nest ball cause you ran out of everything else.
Catching grimer in a master ball for the color coordination
Trying to catch a good-natured Kyogre in a Dive Ball in Sapphire was pain.
You have to press A when the ball hits em, and hold down+B when the ball lands and starts shaking
Thank you for showing me a major flaw in my lifestyle.
Flashbacks to the hundred times of safe and reload to catch mewtwo with a pokeball
I respect that. I catch every Pokémon in a standard Pokeball for solidarity. From Caterpie to Kyogre.
I actually caught groudon in a great ball because it was my last one left
Use a normal pokeball you only need static and 300 pokeball
Catching Kyogre in a Pokeball you threw for shits and giggles
Catching Necrozma in a beast ball
I dont use my master balls purely because of the small chance of me runing into a shiney with teleport or explosion
When it comes to balls I have one rule:If they ain't red and white I ain't throwing them.
I always enjoyed catching pokemon in [Premier Balls](https://pokemon.fandom.com/wiki/Premier_Ball).

You got one by purchasing 10 regular poke balls.
Where are my premiere ball bros at
I used to hate using pokeballs that weren't the og red and white. everything had to be the same or I'd go crazy. I would reload my gameboy over and over for hours just to get the legendaries into the pokeball. I always felt the pay-off was worth it when I threw out the basic pokeball and a rayquaza or mewtwo came out.
Anyone remember when you would look up cheat codes that gave you certain button combos that would supposedly work to catch a Pokémon every time??
Or a normal Pokeball, because it's better than an Ultra Ball for Groudon and the others.

But yeah, I usually like to try to use a specific Pokeball based on their colors. I'll save beforehand, keep trying and if I fail by killing them or using the wrong Pokeball or running out or whatever, I'll just reload and get right back into it.

It's so worth it.
My friend in high school caught Palkia in a net ball and I was absolutely floored. It never occurred to me that Palkia is a water type and the net ball would work on it. I threw like 12 ultra balls at it before I caught mine and he caught his in one shot.
not catching kyogre cause he isn't in galar pokedex
Pfffft colour coordination is a farce, real pokemasters catch the legendaries with a regular poke ball
Catching Rayquaza in a nest ball was a killer
I love trying to catch Pokémon in mismatch balls. Use dive balls for geodudes, etc.
I actually never use my masterball, I like to keep it as a trophy
I went for Dive Ball.
When are you supposed to use the master ball? I swear, in Sapphire, Emerald, Platinum, OS, I never used it because "just in case"
Genuinely thought I was the only one who did this
Yeets a dive ball at it instead
Catching Tapu Bulu in a Nest Ball be like
i thought i was the only one that did things like this 😂😂👍
02 has been looking hella fine lately.
I accidentally caught Kyogre on the first try with a PokeBall so I used my Master Ball on a Magikarp.
I caught my Shiny Latias in an Ultra because it was the best iway had and it was the closest thing that matched.

I would probably try and do that if a legendary right took too long though.
Can relate..
I'd catch him in a pokeball just for nostalgia.
Trying to use an ultra ball but fainting kyogre on a crit
I think I caught mine in a pokeball because I was all out of the rest
I have all my Pokemon in Pokeballs. I like the classic look of it
lol, I caught Lunala in a Moonball.
I used to think Dive Balls worked better on Groudon because he was weak to water.

It was all because I caught him in Ruby by throwing a single Dive Ball on a whim.
I never thought of that that’s actually ur suppose to use the master ball on mew2 cause that matches him I wanna try this now but I don’t wanna restart the game.
Solgaleo and Luxury Ball come to mind
Caught Kyogre in a great ball during the first playthrough of Sapphire. Was the proudest kid alive then. It was literally the last resort, because I had used all ultra balls already and all but one great ball.
what do you do on a shiny
This is me.
Back when Super Skarmory made videos, he would always catch legendaries in Poke balls, no exceptions. That was pretty awesome to watch.
No whales allowed in Galar.
Is it bad that I've started doing that with most pokemon
I caught Lunala at 100% with a Pokeball
I always catch em with a Premier Ball
Glad I'm not the only one.
I caught Ho-Oh with a regular pokeball at 100% health on original Gold. It took three tries of it wiping out all my Pokemon, but damnit I did it. I wasted the Master ball on Entei.
Only an upside down Wario Thong can contain that beast.
My personal preference is shiny hunting a shiny kyogre in heart gold then capturing it in a love ball :)
I really wish we could transfer pokemon between balls for this very reason.
I caught a shiny Buizel in a Fast Ball because the yellow and blue coordinates perfectly
imagine not catching everything first try in a quick ball
I try to catch every Pokémon in a pokeball
Dive ball for the throw animation.
I did this with Giratina and a lux ball :3
Net ball better
Pokeball only
I feel like this needs the drake meme format.
i caught palkia in a time ball my first run through of pearl when i was six literally just because i thought it was funny
Catching Kyogre with a Net Ball because it’s the best non-Master Ball to use against him and it doesn’t cost that much
So which should be caught in the masterball?
I catch all my legendaries with the timer ball :P
I caught rayquaza in alpha sapphire with a premiere ball since its catch rate in that game was ridiculous
Can I use this as an inspiration? Im gonna give you Credits.
Reminds me of spending hours trying to get a Lugia with a specific nature, IV spread, and in a DIVE ball. Thank Arceus for critical captures in gen 6.
How about catching him in a premire ball?
< saving master ball for the roaming pokemon
Me when i was 8 years old
Shiny kyogre looks great in a masterball tho
Gotta go with the brand.
Wouldn't have been the case when I saw the shiny Kyogre....
Does that mean we should catch Rayquaza in a Dusk Ball?
Gotta use a lure ball or a moon ball for maximum OCD (shiny primal kyogre)
i killed kyogre on accident the first time i played through sapphire
Catching Kyogre in a white poke ball... fucking impossible
I caught everything in a pokeball because they were cheap and i could throw 100 out and not need to grind for more, Latias was a pain though.
Using a premiere ball because that's just how damn good you are.
Premier Ball is also acceptable.
Quick ball master race
True
I haven't used a masterball since gen 1. Its too overpowered and it feels like cheating to me. I also always carry the maximum number of pokeballs in case of a legendary. It's fun hanging out with friends and chucking a zekrom out of a pokeball.
Or maybe you can catch the shiny kyogre in a master ball so it matches
I always follow a rule I set by myself when I was like 6 years old: I must capture every legendary with a mere pokeball. It can be a little annoying sometimes but I'm 22 now and I'm too dedicated to this.
I once had a thought to int catch Pokémon in a similarly colored ball. Being color-blind though make that a little tough...
I would catch them all in the ball that best fits their color scheme, but then I'd have a crapton of different balls displayed next to my Pokemon.

I catch all of mine in Premier Balls - that way it's neat, consistent, and super satisfying.
Well, there was me thinking I was the only fashionista who colour-coordinated my 'mons 'n' 'balls.
That reminds me of the time I got my Dialga in a Heal Ball.
Catching Dialga in a Timer Ball for that thematic feel
Chuggaaconroy be like
isnt dat with every pokeball
I only catch Pokémon in poke balls.
I save all my masterballs. Try get legends in balls that suit them best. Of course it means I have a lot of spare Masters but whatever.
Abababababab while it’s catching then hold  both as soon as it closes, everybody knows that’s the trick
Wait, is the master ball purple to match Mewtwo's color?
A normie like me can laugh at this meme. Thanks.
I don't know if it just happens to me but ultra balls never work for me just great balls which is interesting I think I caught plenty of legendaries like that.
I tried to do this, but it kept breaking out. 😐
Heavy Balls and Net balls also accepted, I presume?
I only use premier balls
When I was 6-years old.

I thought it was impossible to catch a legendary with just a Great Ball, until my uncle managed to do it.

He caught Kyogre with a Great Ball in Emerald and I was just mind blown.

# Oh, how simple my mind was back then.
Actually it's the salamence ball, it's actually wack how much it fits. Blue upper body with red wings, and white underside.
And i thought that i was the only one doing that 😅
Go for the premier ball because premier
Who uses a masterball on Kyoger?
I used my master ball on Pikachu, so I just kept loading my save and eventually caught him with a nest ball
I can count on one hand the number of legendaries I've caught in a master ball after I played White, and I can explain the reasons too. There's something about catching a Lugia in a Poke Ball that you just don't get anywhere else
Kroger was so easy to catch in Emerald with a net ball. Ray ray and Groudon on the other hand were real pitas
I wish we had a feature to change the pokeballs of captured pokemon. It'd be so great.
My first time playing pokemon I went to get Kyogre with 6 greatballs and paralyzed it at 1hp to get it on the 2nd ball. My pokemon addict friend had her jaw drop on the floor when I casually explained this. I guess I still dont understand my luck. I wish my gameboy wasnt in another city so that I could post a pic
I'll.never forget catching necrozma in a quick ball
I always stock up on weaker balls and try to catch legendaries in the lowest level ball I can. I save my master balls for shinies honestly.
That master ball goes to Raquaza
I've taken to catching every legendary the standard "hurt it then throw whatever ball" method to see how difficult it is, and then soft-resetting and catching it with a Pokeball without damaging it. It's a fun little challenge.
The masterball has an M on it, it's white and violet: it belongs to mewtwo, as it has always been.
My ORAS rayquaza was caught full health first turn in a pokeball. Threw it as a joke.
Chuggaconroy laughs at your choice of ball
>people who waste their master ball on a legendary instead of saving it for when they're hunting for that shiny that matches it
Funny story, when I was 8 or 9 I was REALLY into Heart Gold. I found Kyogre, and the first thing I did was throw a great ball, just for shits and giggles. Well, and I shit you not, I caught him. 9 year old me thought either dark magic or God was at play.

Hey /u/IncognitoLens_,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
i just use regular pokeballs in my play throughs, idk why i force this upon myself tho
I always thought his name was Kyrogue. Not going to change now
Keeps reminding me of the fact I caught Entei in a premier ball.
In oras i tried to catch groudon with 50 dusk, ultra, great and normal pokeballs i then used ten timer balls no catch for 3 HOURS so i slaughtered it
Chucking millions of pokeballs at rayquaza cos you've done it so many times and you need a challenge
If this post gets 100 upvotes, I’ll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon
I'm rich and bored. Make me proud Reddit!

Leave a comment below after upvoting so I know to message you to send a copy.
Since this post seems to be gaining traction, we're assembling our lawyers in case this needs to go to /r/KarmaCourt.  We won't be bamboolzed again!
I remember voting on the original.

See you in r/karmacourt 
Not this shit again.
There's an old saying in Tennessee, I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee, that says fool me once, shame on, shame on you. Fool me, you can't get fooled again. 
Thank god I have bamboozle insurance. 
[Remember everyone to get your anti-bamboozlement insurance](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/237/572/f3a.jpg)
Oh no, I'm not falling for this one again

*upvotes anyway*
Paging /r/KarmaCourt for a future class action lawsuit
Good thing I called Geico to save $15 or more on bamboozle insurance
Moooods
Remember when this joke was funny?

Yeah, me neither
High Quality Content(TM) In This Here Sub
If i downvote do I owe you a copy? 
NOT THIS TIME FUCKER
Really now? Let's do a little investigation if you'll hold up your end of the bargain.

&nbsp;

>"Is the Hotline Miami DLC worth it? (self.paydaytheheist)
submitted 2 years ago * by Satokech"

&nbsp;

Is this what someone who is "rich and bored" would post? I've known folks (who are actually rich) wouldn't hesitate buying DLCs for any game they play.

&nbsp;

>"Gaming PC Power Supply Help and General Improvements [£1000] self.buildapc
Submitted 1 year ago by Satokech"

&nbsp;

What "rich and bored" person would have a budget at all for anything they buy? Wouldn't they rather spend to have the best equipment, as compared to buying a thousand copies for people they don't know? 

&nbsp;

If you're reading this, downvote the post and remove your comment. You ask me, "Whats the harm?". The harm is that you promote lazy, low effort posts and put them to the top. Posts that are thought provoking, high quality, with lots of effort put into it are pushed down further. You are degrading the subreddit's quality with reckless voting. I get that its a joke, but I rather have my boi guzma at the top instead of this overused "joke".

&nbsp;

Edit: Formatting

I'm just here for the class action /r/karmacourt that will come of this.
I'm ready to get bamboozled again
Bamboozle = banboozle? 
Original
So uh.. *sniff* y'all got any more of that giveaways?
One of these days one of these posts is going to be true. Be the one, OP. Be the one who delivers more than any OP ever has.
i'm gay
here we go again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SEeaPS2-k8
Here, take all my personal information! I love you, internet stranger.
Well I'll pm my mailing address and driver's license number and my social security number just in case you need any of those
Lmao. This again, huh?
is this a ploy to get my address?
Lol this meme again.
Upvotes at the time of making this = 27.4k

Assuming every game costs $30, you'll be spending $820,000+

***press [x] to doubt***
I was going to comment saying that you can't know who upvotes, but then you changed the rules in your post's body by noting that people need to comment. Regardless, this is a comment, there was an upvote, and I'm slightly ashamed for myself for falling for this, but I won't be able to afford the game myself, so I might as well disappoint myself in an extra way with this.
Not a chance this is true 
Yeah, I'm calling you out on that
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/023/818/cdc.jpg
If this dude doesn’t follow through, I’m finally killing myself
You're definitely not going to do it, but prove me wrong!
I'm in, but get the karma police ready
It's not true, but I want it to be :(
For real? 
Completely legit 
How rich?
I tried this before but let's try it again
I want to believeeeee
Well, I've got nothing to lose I guess. 
Hi ultra moon please
Bamboozle me once more!
I can't wait for this bamboozle again
Alright Ellon, do your magic.
Where's the guy who promised to gave me a NEW 2DS XL POKEBALL LIMITED EDITION
We need some bamboozle protection
I know this won't happen but who cares? :)
Hello I am from the bamboozle insurance company
Posting with the best bamboozle insurance :P
 
Bamboozle = Banboozle
small time investment for a possible bamboozle, and yet, hope.
Let's do this again
No bamboozle pls.
Better not be a bamboozle
BAMBOOZLE INSURANCE DON'T FAIL ME NOW
Bamboozle me!
Something about Bamboozle insurance blah
Plz mama no bamboozle
No bombaZzzle pls
This is happening again oh lordy.
(and im still falling for it bwah)
Suuuure
I'm about to get spekledwarfed but it's okay.
Cool
Who knows
No bamboozle or I'll see you in karma court!
Worst that happens is nothing.
I hope we don’t get bamboozled by the rich man once again
No bamboozles
Seems fishy... But it's a risk I'm willing to take.
The joys of subs with a proportionately higher rate of naive kids.
Did you get rich by switching to Geico?
I voted. Donate my copy/money to the Against Malaria Foundation https://www.againstmalaria.com/default.aspx
h
Worth a shot
Bamboozle insurance wont help us now
<3
only 300 comments not bad
Being pessimistic here. 
k
i want ultra moon
I'll take one!
Better not bamboozle
Where is my bamboozlefree guarantee?
Didn't the last guy get banned for this? 
Downvoted. No bamboozle here.
There's no way anyone would be loose enough with their cash to buy all these people new games.

^^^^Upvoted.
Eh why not
Ah, why not.
If this comment gets 1 upvote I’ll be a pretty happy dude.
Well, that'd be nice. Can you buy me a New 3DS XL too while you're at it? 
i upvote
Hope you're for real.
What's your address?
hello i like pokemon
Up vote in hope of truth.  I'm poor and wish I could play. 
Is Ultralord in the e4 of this game?
"True story, I swear".

Good one 
If you're offering and I have bamboozle insurance I'm down
lets get you to 100k upvotes
You just need my credit card and ssn right?
I know the one time I don't upvote and comment they will actually give away free games so I'm going to upvote and comment begrudgingly and hope for the best 
That seems like 2 000 000 dollars. I really hope you are Jeff Bezos so you might even get a deal on it.
Wow is this still a thing!?
This fucker copied the algorithm
Hes farming Upvotes, fucking idiots.
Hello I’m here after years
Haha no
Yo!
Lol I'm not falling for this again... 
Hello r/all
this can't be real o_o
you're not going to be rich long, but i smell a bamboozle anyway
Get my preorder ready, I updooted
what even
Bamboozled
lul not happening
Heres hoping. Upvote!
fuck it worth a shot
Alright let's spool it up again bois
To the Ultra Moon!
Worth the potential bamboozle
Bamboozle^2
Well let ‘s see..
Oh boy here we go again
I think I’m late to the party. Mucho generosity.
I don't believe you. 
It goes to my nephew who has yet to love pokemon
I'll believe it when I see it 
You still owe me from last time! :(
Right. 
Huh what could go wrong
Last Pokémon game on handheld it’s so sad ):
Thanks for being a cool Dude! Upvoted!
i voted
good luck pal
25k copies eh 
Please, I'm poor and bored.
Did no one learn the lesson after the first time?
I feel like my bamboozle insurance premiums are going to be going up..
Hey me and my girlfriend are poor college students with our only outlet being our DSs. She's already posted here, even if this is a meme you done good
I don’t believe you OP
At this point either I make comment karma or get the game so that's cool I guess
What the hell why not lol
Sure you will...
Bing bang boom
THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN BUT IF IT DOES
There's no way this is going to happen, but I have to give it a shot :D
uhm hi, yeah, leaving my comment.
Updoot
How rich and bored are you, exactly?
Prove it
:thinking:
Hello this is a comment
Millions of copies!!! Lol
k
Well here we go then. A reason to finally buy a 3DS :)
My name is Ralf
..hi
Ah snap
Pokemans for life !
fine i'll take UM
Karma court here we come
How dare you.
Got any of them ultra moons
Bamboozled again

Just in case this is real...
at this current time this post has 37.5k upvotes so about 37,500 copies which is right around $2,250,000 give or take. 
Here it is again
Upvoted
pls no bamboozle
How is this allowed?
I'm bored and willing to play along. I'll see you in /r/KarmaCourt if you don't pay up.
Why not
And know you're rich in karma too.....
Can't resist the bamboozle.
Bamboozled
And this is how people lose their optimism.
Okay upvoted
Hey
Ayy
ಠᴗಠ I’m ready to be disappointed, just like my mother! 
Fool me once
Ravioli, ravioli give me the copioli.
pls
I don't even have anything to play it on. 
[bambooz](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/237/572/f3a.jpg) 
Can you ban OP, mods? 
I'll bite.
Something something I want my game
i expect nothing but dissapointment from this
if we all know it's a bamboozle, is it still a bamboozle? 
See you in court :)
I know you're lying but this would be awesome.  I got a new 3ds for Christmas from my wife last year and have only been able to afford one professor Layton game for it so far.  I really just want to check out of the current pokemon games.  Haven't been able to play one since SoulSilver. 
upvoted, if bamboozle i will join the class action lawsuit
If this is the same thing as last year ...
Really? Again

Upvoted ofc.
If I get 100 upvotes I'll eat the copy you send to me, no bamboozle 
No way this is real
I wonder how many people were waiting to post this on the one year anniversary 
Hiya. No bamboozles Kay?
It’s worth a shot
Am i falling for it again? 
Apple bottom jeans hi Viv 
Bamboozle = Banboozle 
:^)
The bamboozle is a coming
Hmm
SELLING BAMBOOZLE INSURANCE, 1 UPVOTE 1 INSURANCE!
1 year ago today, we were all bamboozled
This again? Wasn't asking for upvotes against the rules? 
Rich and bored? Haven't you ever heard of cocaine and hookers?
I'm just here for the inevitable shitshow 
Can’t wait to see this whole post downvoted when OP doesn’t fulfil. 😂
You could buy your own island instead of Pokemon for Reddit
OMG! This has to be real, right guys? My dad's a lawyer and he says we've got it in writing so it's basically a contract and he has to do it or we can file a class action lawsuit  and each of us could get TRILLIONS! That's enough for like, a copy of each AND a new 3DS to play them on! /s 
Seriously tho I'm not getting them any other way so why not give'r snoose?
I distinctly remember upvoting the last one. He obviously saved money through all last year in order to properly deliver this time. /s
Hi
Better deliver op
I mean worst case scenario I have to buy my own copy so imma trust op. 
The entire first arc of the Pokemon anime summarized in one GIF

Dont forget the real life generic animals because they weren't sure about pokemon being *special* animals or **all** animals yet lol
Did misty ever get her bike back ?
This is really strong. Not Brock strong, but really strong.
The first season was so good
Shout out to Rachael Lillis, the voice actor for Misty. She brought a lot of character to that role.
Say whatever you want but i miss Misty. Serena it's cool and all but i like Misty's tsundere personality more.Also it was clear that they where going for a romance with them but they decided to change the characters every season and now that romance chance is dead.  
Also, Ash said that they will be best friends forever when they part ways... but they never called each other or anything. (it's kind of stupid to think about it but it's true tho... they are the ORIGINAL TRIO)
I was sad when the og cast left, leaving the only constant characters ash and team rocket, and now even ash is leaving
Brock trying to hit on anything female shaped ? Check.

ASh and Pikachu fighting all the time ? Check.

Misty being confused about all that shit ? Motherfucking check !

Us still watching all of that repetitive stuff without really caring ? RELEASE THE KRAKCHECK !
My wife who was never into Pokémon and knows nothing about it watched the first season with me a few years back. She actually felt really moved by the first episode. She thought it was so sad how Ash is this loser who the universe just seems to pick on and Pikachu is this reject last Pokémon left and then they both get beaten up to the point of nearly dying within the very first trip they ever take together. 

I miss that sort of underdog story that was in the first season. It wasn’t this cheery lucky-go story. The first season is really plucky and weird, and our protagonists are sorta these losers who never get a break.
Pikachus ketchup bottle
The thing I liked about old Team Rocket was their bantering. They had interactions about hatching a plan to steal Pikachu that had organic comedy. There was an episode where Jessie was poor and all she had to eat were snowballs. There was another episode where Misty made some disgusting soup and James and Meowth found it disgusting but Jessie thought it was a culinary masterpiece.


New Team Rocket sounds like they’re delivering punch line after punch line with not much substance in between.
The first arc feels like it's mostly memes honestly.
And it was the greatest arc of all.
Kanto and Jhoto was so much funnier, the newer reigions play it way too safe with the humor
It’s missing Team Rocket. Almost perfect.
Pikachu punching the air with Ash is so fucking cute.
Times were simple then
High school summarized in one gif
Chubby Pikachu :(
True... Man I wanna watch this shit again
And I LOVE IT! 

Also, I equally love the Orange Island arc
Love the original series (Johto included). DPPt and XY were amazing but they don't have that spicy, unique and old school comedy and adventure vibe the original had.
Whenever Broc was on screen when my friend and I were watching, her dad would yell at him "Open your damn eyes!!!"
ORAORAOROAORAORAORAORAORAOROAORAORAORAOROAORAORAORA ORAAAAA!
I always wanted misty and brock to be forever friends traveling together. There was only one episode where they met up again and it didn't seem all that special.
This is also the entire arc of Harry Potter
First season, best season.
I just hit upvote on 29.9k and it went to 30k

That might have been the most satisfying thing I’ve ever clicked online.
*sigh* I wana go back to the simpler times 😭
I miss how cute season 1 pikachu was. So chubby. I want one
[removed]
yep
Genius
Ash doing "Rocky punches" in the background is hilarious.
I just started rewatching! saw it on netflix!
For the record I believe this is the episode featuring drowzee and the missing kids. Don't have the episode title, but I think this is the one!
Someone put some vaporwave over this
8/10 needs more team rocket
Ash is 9 year old me in survival games
Psyduck should totally be in there too, misty was always pissed at it 😂
Misty is adorable.
The two types of Men
Team rocket need to be poking their heads out of the tree in the background but otherwise checks out
Good ol days
Wow thats crazy. I wish it worked like that in the game!
Are you trying to tell me you once caught a fish this big?
Hence why the show was great
Ash fighting air
oh wow.
Holy crap, this is super accurate!
Can someone please explain to me why Ash's charizard wouldn't listen to him? I remember charmander being so shy and nice and all of a sudden he became disobedient when he evolved.
What platform has all of the first Pokemon series? Netflix only has 52 episodes
You lost me at Pokémon memories  😭
I dont see ash losing
'Arcanine, use flamethrower!'
Recently started re-watching the anime.
Always a classic, and I feel like that gif does sum up gen 1.
I wish Officer Jenny stuck with the miniskirt.
Yasss
Yeah. That's what they also do. Haha. This is so fun and memorable.
Hmm never thought of it as an anime for some reason until now...
The most accurate part of this is pikachu doing jack shit
Misty isn’t beating the shit outta Ash so idk
Oh the days when 10 year olds were 10 year olds
What is Brock holding?
Now do this for all the rest
i wanna be the very best!
Dank levels off the charts.

We gonna need new charts...
Wrong, team rocket.
Nice username
They all high on acid.
All they way till brock and misty leaves the show
Incomplete. Brock isn’t eating.
Minus Brock same thing for gen 5s arc too.

"You're such a kiiiddddd"

*Shudders*
!nwordcountbot u/niggamachine312
YARE YARE DAZE-Misty, Probably
Finding this a pretty accurate representation of my dnd party as well
Fat pikachu ❤
says you
Accurate honestly.
The best one aswell.
Ash and Misty were the power couple we needed as kids, but never happened cause Ash was in love with Pikachu.
but misty isn't screaming at ash in this one. she was always mad at him for something
Hey, check this out!

https://www.alfabetajuega.com/anime/pokemon-gif-resumen-primer-arco-anime-serie
I lost faith in the anime when I heard Ash got a girlfriend and it *wasnt* Misty. *Bullshit*
I made Darumaka hot chocolate bombs

Welp I just lost an hour of my life scrolling through all of your creations because of this post, you’re incredible! 😮
The fact that Darumaka goes from cold to hot is very clever!
OP I’d recommend getting some fresh milk, your Darumaka just shat in yours! /s
That is amazing.
I thought this would be a fun treat to help bring some good fortune for the new year! These are made out of white chocolate and candy melts with homemade hot chocolate mix and surprise marshmallows inside. More pics and videos of my process (and bloopers) are on my Instagram [@miscellaneousmao](https://www.instagram.com/miscellaneousmao/) for anyone interested.
He farted in the milk
Pokedex said that people used darumaka droppings to warm themselves up, but I didn't think it was like this.
Omg that's adorable. 

Have you thought about doing Darmanatan that goes zen mode when it melts?
You should sell these!
Really cool
He shitted and died 😔
This is honestly the exact kind of content I love to see here. I could care less about the endless conversations around the games these days and what I love to see is Pokemon fans doing cool stuff like this. It always makes my day. Much love <3
Love the nails😄
I thought the red one was a marshmallow, I would've tried to eat it...
That's so cute!!
Amazing work, it's beautiful
This is cool, I'd have milk and Darumaka shart all over the place.
Homie is shitting his brains out
He shat himself
That first chocolatey poof out the butthole though
I’m sure it’s a really tedious process but any possibility of selling these on etsy or some other platform eventually?
No wayyy thats crazy!
So do you sell these bad boys????
Thought it was gonna erupt chocolate from its ass when it turned over.
My 13 year old daughter LOVES Pokémon so we just cruised thru your reddit profile together! (sorry we're creeps?😅) Your creations are amazing and fun. I'd have a very hard time eating them because they're so cute! The Snorlax cake pops were my personal favorites - the tiny jelly donuts got me! Your "food illusions" are so realistic, its almost scary - I'd have totally fallen for the sushi! Anyways, sorry for the novel. Great job!
I dont like where the chocolate came out from
Omg he shitted farted
The shiny darumaka at the end lol
Absolutely incredible talent
I follow them on Instagram! They make so much fun stuff!
Incredible, I've given you a follow on Insta, the quantity and quality of your creations are unbelievable - insane
You ever poop so hard you change regional form?
I can’t believe nobody mentioned your nails, nice touch!
That’s a marshamallow?! The TALENT
These are really sick. I remember seeing your ganache rhyhorns before, I'm glad it's the same person!
I LOVE these. No tricky edits. Just cute and functional. Amazing.
Nice touch on the music. Route 4 from B/W which is the first place you can encounter Darumaka in the pokemon games
That's awesome! Custom Silicone molds?
I love your Tik tok page
I think I follow you on instagram, cool to see your hot chocolate bombs on here.
This is beyond impressive. This is some of the most creative food artistry I’ve ever seen. Just extremely clever and simple.
He pooped is inside out
I LOVE HOW POPULAR YOU ARE ON REDDIT! 

Sincerely, an instagram follower ☺️
I like the idea and Darumaka. Darumaka is my first shiny pokemon.
I thought he was shitting out the chocolate
I was already hooked, but then I saw him poop chocolate. 10/10.
I would love to see a video of you making one of these
This is amazing. And like others said, I checked out your other work and it blew me away!!! You are so incredibly talented!!
Okay but can we talk about your nails 💅 cause those are awesome 😎
I was thinking "it would be great if it turns into Unovan Darumaka, but that's probably too hard or something"
You have no idea how happy you've made me.
Huh? Darumaka is evolv—wait…
My favorite part is how it busted open at the butt. Quality content
He pooped
I feel like I’ve seen this video in a FB group recently.
How cute! Galarian Darumaka becoming Unovan Darumaka when it's placed in hot milk/water? Sign me the fuck up!
Me, "Haha! It farted!"

Me seeing the normal Darumaka form, "WOAH."
Darumaka just shat on the milk (Pokédex entery states that people use darumaka poop to keep warm)
that’s fucking sick wth
r/nextfuckinglevel
Where does one get one for themselves :o
I’LL TAKE YOUR ENTIRE STOCK
Pretty neat. But something about a spongy piece of plastic in a hot beverage doesn't work for me. It's like microwaving soup in Tupperware. In a little while that container looks like crap and is all distorted. Where did that plastic go?
Make sure you follow on Instagram. Absolutely amazing. @miscellaneousmao
That’s insane! #nextlevel. Wow!!
Ok this is dope
Amazing
You chose both the best and the worst pokemon for this.
ermmm.... dat poop?
SMH mans shitted
He shouldn’t have trusted that fard😔
Imagine turning these into anal bombs.

Just shove one up the arse and have it explode in lube, or chocolate.
This is genius! You could make a little pocket change off of this.
Thats my boy right there!
Very cool.. I mean, hot
You are a genius!
Wow you're really talented!
Take my money!
It looks amazing=)
That is THE cutest thing I have seen on Reddit. I loved it!
Vibing in the cocoa
He pooped!
how?
That’s super cool
This is so cool yet hot at the same time..
Shut up and take my money!
ay an extremely underrated mon getting some of the attention it deserves
Looks like darumaka liked that bath
Not sure why but this is hilarious
Sounds awsome. And what did you make the pokeball out of?
He shat
Damn Darumaka got them multi-purpose shits
They’re evolving.
That's actually super fucking sick!
This is actually too adorable to eat
Amazing, love darumaka 💜
Aw man... mine got me through so many battles after it evolved.
do you have an etsy
All fun and games until the eyes start to melt and his face contorts to something that gives the feeling of horrific pain
So cool
This looks AMAZING!! I want some :P
I want one! Can I have one?
Omg Galarian to regular - well done
Me: *Please dissolve to Unovan Darumaka please dissolve to Unovan Darumaka please dissolve to Unovan Darumaka YES!*  


Thoroughly satisfied
White ones look like the pigs from angry birds in disguise
It's dying 😔
Your Darumaka shat in the milk again. XD
Legend
I want these an unreasonable amount
I take your entire stock
This warms my heart! So dang cute :,)
That thing is epic!!!
Oh my god his Li'll butt! So cute!
I’M GONNA BROWN
This is the best thing I've seen all day omg
So cute!! You did an awesome job with these!

I'm curious about the taste.. maybe dumb question but did it end up tasting like real hot cocoa?
I wasn't expecting the butt hole or the chocolate poop coming out of it.
Would pay good money for these!
That is awesome I love that it goes from the galarian to the unovian(if that's what you call it) form
YOOOOOOO
Where do I order? So cool!
Is shiny darumaka inside the shiny ice daru
Where do I get one!? That is awesome!
You got some serious skill.
That’s just flat out amazing!
So flipping cool! I want!
His little bootyhole went “prfft”. 🤣
Those nails are so cute
100% looks like he took a shit
this is so stupidly cool!!!!! how do you do that!!!!!
Zen mode would look so much better, but this one looks good as well!
Take my money already
So fucking cute
I like how the shit is the hot chocolate
This is oddly terrifying. Cool nonetheless.
Dang that's cute
I need about 500 of these, where do I get them?
Creative af
u/savevideo
Those are amazing! Good work on making these
OMG! I love it also love the pokeball nails
You need to make an Etsy and sell these!!! so freaking cute!!!
I need one :0

That’s my child
THAT'S INSANE I LOVE IT OMG, I LOVE IT SO MUCH WOW WAAAAAW WTF THAT'S SO COOL
Where can I buy these. Please tell me you have an Etsy!
I’m OBSESSED
No offense, but that’s disgusting looking!
He shited
Can I buy?
Lol it pooped itself
That booty stole the show! Hahaha
The little butthole when he flipped over is my favorite part
I need this now
First of all, don’t misunderstand me: this is a brilliant craft you’ve done here. It’s really cute, and I love it. And it’s really well done. On a tangential note—  it definitely looks like you just burned that poor fucker alive, and it shat its bowels in its death throes.
The Nails with the pokeballs, nice touch
That’s actually cool
I love this :)

Darumaka is one of my favorite Pokémon lol
Do you sell these? I want some💕💕💕
My jaw dropped when the shell broke and the marshmallow appeared. So cool.
How??
So cute
That is the absolute best!
Pretty neat, but that thing must be sooooo many calories
Looks like a fucking hassle, but I'm not skilled enough to make this, so kudos to you OP.
This is amazing! You’re so talented!
That's cool! But lot of work for hot chocolate lol
I always mix my chocolate with coffee and italian creme
awesome
Lol it farted
I tought darumaka would melt by complete, but it was only the snow
I want one!!!!!!!! Omg 😱 how cool
I was like woah then I was like WOAH
I need one
That lil toot. So cute!
Yo I'd pay a little more if I could get pokemon hot chocolate bombs
Actually, I was impressed... nice job
get this mf a lactaid pill
Very cool

Hey /u/miscellaneousmao,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
He poopied
You did awesome
Oh wow, best one yet!
Man people who want to live in Pokémon’s world not realizing just how fucked up that world really is haha
Needs to be one like the mini boss in super Metroid that falls in the lava and all that's left is bones.
Omg!!! I've never seen something like that before😍😍 I just love it😍💋😍😍
God damn this is cool i rlly dont wana know how much effort this costed lol
This is actually a great business idea. The kids will come running, adults too!!!
This had me smiling from ear to ear.
You are absolutely amazing!! I looked through all of your creations and you are so talented!
It looks so happy floating in the hot chocolate.
That’s awesome. 

Except that it all starts with a poo.
This is so awesome!!
I would buy these! 😋💕
looks like it shat blood lol
He farted
Swimming in his poopie! Hahaha funny
You're a brilliant artist! Oh my goodness! All of work is fabulous!
This is so creative!!! You need to go on Shark Tank!!! It's a WINNER! 👏👏👏💯🔥🤩
Thats soo cool ...it would probably bum my daughters out to drink him
omg, how I can make them to?
This is so creative!! You need to go on Shark Tank!! Seriously it's a WINNER!! 💯🔥👏👏🤩
I love the darumaka line
Thats so cute!! 🥺
I love these guys! I just got done drawing some making snow people!
i want this please
These are adorable!!!!
Mom: Don't play with your food!  
  
OP: An' now you do what they toldja, An' now you do what they toldja...
I like how there’s a shiny one in the corner!
Eww, who pooped the pool?
I love hot chocolate bombs, they’re so cool
r/shutupandtakemymoney
Lol how he farts and tips over. 😂
He shit in yo drink tho
The only thing wrong with these is they are too cute to eat! Absolutely amazing work!!
so cool
Aww, these are actually pretty cute!!
This is incredible.
He has a little ass hole, awww
I want one…or a few…or a lot
How do you keep the inside marshmallow from melting?
He turned evil and started shitting
I LOVE THAT. Would you make a recipe video tutorial?
I love this! I always wanted to raise the fire version.
I guess some people are just insanely talented. This came out so well!
Take my money and give it to me!
How do you make this?
Mmm..... chunky?
u/savevideo
These are so cool- I could never bring myself to eat them!
Just in case people are wondering like I was that is a homemade marshmallow that it dissolves to.

Amazing
Did it's skin just melt off???
“Oh wow this is cool, I just don’t get where the chocolate is going to- oh… ***oh…***”
I love that lil shiny boi in the back. 

This was my first gen 8 shiny.
it pooped "chocolate" into your milk.
The way the bottom popped off and the coco started coming out xD it looked like something rude lol!
You should totally do Minior next!
That is very fucking cool
Do u have a Instagram where i could see all your creations ?
I love the detail of it being Galarian Darumaka when outside before shifting to Unovian Darumaka when it gets warm
Shut up and take my money!
😐. 

The disrespect from that Darumaka was real.
I am just thinking of the meme with chocolate ape when I see this
Those are so cool oml
*Sell these*
Good to know a pokemon pooped in my drink.
TAKE MY MONEY
1.Awesome
2.Why did it have to come out the anus of all places
Cute 😍
/u/savevideo
That is bad ass that it starts off as a Galarian form and breaks into the normal form.
Idk why but this post brought me joy, you’re killing it OP
I bet you could get rich if you found a way to make 100,000 of these
This is awesome! Id love to see a tutorial on how you did this
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen omg
Do one with wheezing and self destruct
i want a glass
That's pretty cool, what's the soluble/meltable white and blue parts made out of?
That’s the coolest thing I’ve seen yet today!
Omg these are incredible! How much are they? Can you ship overseas?
Like a bath bomb, but for your hot cocoa 🙂
Awe it just kept getting better. Love it!
How do I acquire this forbidden technology ?
Vegan friendly? 🤞
May we please have a how to?
Very darumaka to flip over and show its backside to the audience
Genuinely curious, how does hot chocolate powder taste with hot milk? I always use water
Is the inner thing a plastic toy? I would assume no, but it looks like it doesn't interact with getting wet *at all*.
He let out a big one.

But that is very amazing work, great detail
I need one...hundred
Pokéball nails are a nice touch
Link to purchase?!
Awesome job. I don't know if anyone else noticed that it sharted?
I thought chocolate was gonna come out of his butthole
I absolutely love the fact that you made shiny ones too!!
it shat in your milk
What’s with people saying wet sauce fart
how adorable!
Take my money! You are awsome
Nice!
I love this a super lot
Guys Literally Only Want One Thing And It's Fucking adorable
HOW?
Holy crap these are amazing!!!
I wish I were talented
I like that it literally just shit itself inside out.
His first and last act was die to by diarrhea.  It was what he wanted.  God bless.
I crave
you're boiling him alive you evil witch
It's funny how much society has changed in that we can all now just post how to make our own bombs online
All in good fun

Yeah imagine being unoriginal my favourite Pokémon is pikachu
All Shuckles. He's the best.
Haha, my favourite type is ghost. We don’t have an eeveelution… yet
Karablast, it's cute
Unless I ditch my starter when playing a game, it's the longest I'd be with for a single playthrough, so not hard for me including them in my favorite list
(yes I am a sucker for Swampert and Empoleon)
Replace "starter" with "dragon" and "eveelution" with "dragon" and that's me.

Pseudo-legendary still fits since most of them are dragons.
My favorite is a starter but I feel like Serperior doesn’t really get that much love
I believe in Aagron supremacy
… is furret a pseudo legendary ?
Technician Syther/Scizor and huge power Azumaril for me
I just like ryhorn.
You got beef with heracross being my favorite fighting type and flygon being my fave dragon?
Me, but replace psuedo legend with an actual legend and a mythical
Guess I’m different. 

Only Pokémon I consider as my favorite are smeargle and lotad
Just a sudowoodoo
I mean, picking a favorite dragon without it being pseudo legendary is kinda difficult.
Litwick is my favorite
Me, an intellectual, loving every single animated object pokemon.
Ampharos, Rhydon/Rhyperior, Gengar, alolan Marowak, alolan Ninetails, Tentacruel. That's my perfect party. 

Well, Sylveon would replace gengar probably but I'm trying to follow OPs rules.
Crobat, Steelix, Gliscor, Yanmega, and Sceptile are top 5 for me.
yea i like meganium. what about it
I’m a simple man. I see Growlithe, I catch Growlithe.
Crobat. That is all.
A man can find the measure of another by seeing if they'd include Ludicolo on a "favorite of each type" list.
I’ll have a… whatever I feel like.

And if something popular makes a lot of favorite lists, that’s sort of the point.
Me, with my favorite poison type being a tie between Swalot and Gulpin:
Mine is 50% Kanto pokemon, even more if you count evolutions like Scizor. But hey I like what I like
Noctowl. Mine is named Owl Capone.
There’s no need to call me out like that 😳
Meanwhile, me, a Maractus lover
My favourite Pokémon is starly
Nidoking ftw
Am I allowed to like Honchkrow?
Replace 'eeveelution' with 'Mega Pokemon' and 'Pseudo legendary' with 'Legendary', and that's me
Does it count if my favorite dragon is Dragonair not Dragonite?
Mines is oricorio
*stares in Chespin, Umbreon and Tyranitar*
Plot twist I like Eevee over any of the Eeveelutions.

(But also, Bulbasaur gang rise up)
I like archen :) yeah, he sucks in battle but I just think he looks cute :)
Dusk Lycanroc is my favorite.
I just like the bugs. Mostly the butterflies and moths. Volcorona is my favorite of all time. Centiskorch is probably my second.

Weird that I like fire bugs but otherwise dislike most fire types.
Haxorus

>!It should’ve gotten a steel/dragon mega!<
Xatu and Natu.

And then...Idk, Porygon and It’s evos, Kingdra, Escavalier, Beedrill. Depends on the day.

But Xatu is always god tier.
I'll have infernape, charizard, umbreon, and garchomp

&#x200B;

/s
All I need is my Crobat
I'm sorry that Vaporeon is my favorite Pokemon. :(
Its Gliscor for me
I'll put down as many Eeveelutions as I feel like.
Because the starters and pseudos are all very well-designed
Jokes on you, there's no starter in my list !
I fucking love mamoswine and he can fuck up most pseudo legendaries to boot.

Long live mamoswine!
I gotta say Aerodactyl is the fave
Im just saying. Turwig is top tier in my heart
Frosslass and sableye all the way
Gengar best
I couldn’t care less about most eeveelutions. The only one I like is Umbreon but for Dark I would indeed choose a pseudo legendary. And I have a soft spot for Incineroar so yeah, a starter would surely be part of my favourites per type.
Celebi — Guardian of the Forests — is usually my go to pick.
My current squad for SWSH.

Dieno
Litwick
Swampert
G. Farfetched
Togepi

So I’m not AS bad as this list XD
wooloo >>>>>>
I just like rowlet, trevenant and lapras
dugtrio arena trapped my level 20 chameleon and murdered me in diglett cave, so dugtrio is my favorite
Okay fine, I’m getting a Jolteon tattoo, sue me
Shinx fight me
Heracross
Personally I like Kingler the most which happens to be none of those
Feraligatr Espeon and Dragonite.

No matter what I think and how much I try to use a completely new team, those three always make it in somehow.
I like Weavile :)
Beheeyem and Roserade are my favourite boyos! Cryogonal is a close third though.
Torterra is bb
Nothing wrong with ordering comfort food
Spiritomb gang rise up
Mimikyu for life.
God I hate how there's just like 10 pokemon that most people have as their favourites it's so boring and unoriginal. You sheep need to try using some more underappreciated pokemon. What's my favourite? Lucario.

/S
I adore mantine. I've bred over 1k in s/s for a shiny yet I'm still searching. I'm gonna name it pancake.
Sandshrew and krabby gang!!!!
Absol is the best baby
I know this is controversial, but I don’t like Eevee or the Eeveelutions
If loving Meganium and Umbreon is wrong, I don't want to be right!
“I’ll have a Sunkern. That’s all.”
Gotta go with Gengar, who doesn’t love that smile?
All of which are Gen 1 /s
