Rest in peace to a Starcraft 2 legend, John 'TotalBiscuit' Bain.

I didn't think this needed to be said, but be respectful. If you don't you're going to get banned permanently. 
'SC2 will live even if I have to support the entire scene with my erect penis' \- Total Biscuit in 2014.

You didn't know me but I was glad you were part of our community! 

Rest in peace!
many will say its unfortunate, and while it is, i think its also inspirational how he kept his spirits up and didnt seem to get too crazy over his early impending death

also he showed that even when one has a terminal illness and is going through chemo, they can still do a lot of stuff and dont just 'give up'. which is an inspiring thing to even those who dont have a serious illness, that even if times seem bad or hopeless, keep doing what you want to do and go for it. people like him, or another one is this english runner with a bunch of terminal lung tumors who still runs marathons, who keep doing more than most people do even when healthy and able, really say a lot about the human spirit imo and are a beacon of hope to people with serious illnesses who may think of giving up but see others like TB still going at it and gain strength from that

rip
[deleted]
TotalBiscuit was a legend in the esports scene. He could have easily moved on from SC2 when it became unfashionable. But thanks to his love and passion for the game he double downed, set up ShoutCraft, created a mod, casted, and did more to support the game than could ever have been expected.

Thank you, and rest in peace. 
Gutted.  Will miss him immensely, thank you John for everything you did for this community.
TotalBiscuit invested me in Starcraft 2 through the Shoutcraft Invitational 4 over 6 years ago. Esports is a huge part of my life and the friends I have, and I owe it all to him and his dedication to this scene. He was truly a legend and what he gave this game is impossible to overstate.
Goddammit. We knew it was coming but that doesn't make it suck any less. We will truly miss you TB. Thank you for everything you have done for us
It wasn’t until I started playing SC2 last year that I really started to appreciate TB. Before that, I wrote him off as a brash egomaniac. 

But when I watched my first Shoutcraft tournament I heard the passion in his voice. His pure love for the video game and video games in general. I suddenly understood him. And I grew to love his work. 

He was a titan amongst men and I realise that now. May he rest in peace. 
I know that he was an important figurehead in the general world of video games, but I've always thought that TB was a StarCraft fan more than anything else. We are so lucky as a community to have had such a passionate man in the scene. It always seemed like he was a stalwart advocate of SC2 to the general gaming community. There were definitely ups and downs, but I hope he knew that at the end of the day the SC2 fans loved him more than words can describe.

My heart is crushed for his family. I hope Genna and their son are doing as alright as possible in this hard time. Gaming and SC2 might have lost a pillar of the community, but they've lost a husband and a father. I hope they're ok.

edit - I'm just gonna paste the comment I made on the thread where he announced his retirement. I wish I could write something eloquent again but I kinda just can't. This is what TB meant to the StarCraft 2 esports community, and to me as a fan.

This is extremely hard to read as a StarCraft fan.

TB is a man who jumped in on SC2 before the game became *the* title to elevate esports around the world. TB is the man who stuck by SC2 through a harsh decline that saw it overtaken by several other esports. And TB is a man who has continually kept the SC2 community and its growth as a priority through his career.

I'm a firm believer of 'remember the good times' when it comes to situations like this, and it seems like a good time to acknowledge how much incredible work Totalbiscuit has done for SC2.

Totalbiscuit has served as SC2's link to the mainstream world of video games for years now. Appearing on many podcasts, running tournaments in conjunction with the many sponsors who were not endemic to the community, putting off Shoutcraft events on his channel, supporting players, the list of services that Mr Bain has rendered unto StarCraft might be the largest of anyone in esports. And its mind boggling to think that we're lucky enough to have a mainstream, 'regular gaming' personality linked to our esport in this fashion.

Totalbiscuit and Genna were responsible for Axiom Gaming. Axiom was one of the first teams in SC2 (and dare I say esports in general) to put a focus on the personality of their god tier Korean pro gamers. Axiom was also a major stepping stone for Crank and Olimoley, two of the most important figures/content creators that we have in the scene today. He's also been a constant advocate for Korean SC2, dating as far back as I can remember knowing about his existence. Always advocating for people to tell the Korean players' stories, to get them the support and respect that he felt they deserve.

TB is continually advocating for SC2, even in a gaming/esports industry that seems to have forgotten its history at times. [Its thanks to him that we have an idea of the size of the playerbase in SC2](https://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit/status/925833220855357446). Numbers that blew away just about EVERYONE in esports and put SC2 in a supremely positive light (that we'd all do well to remember).

Heck the guy even pumped his own hard earned dollars into producing a mod for SC2 with the goal of creating a more casual friendly RTS.

I remember years ago when this subreddit used to harp on about how important it was for personalities to be 'passionate' for the game. There is no doubt in my mind that TB is one of the most passionate to ever touch the SC2 scene's heart. 


I'm really just speaking to the tip of the iceberg here. Each point deserves to be expanded on really, and there are more that are worth mentioning. I guess what I'm saying is that Totalbiscuit might have started in World of Warcraft, he may have an item named for him in League of Legends, he is indeed respected in Dota, Hearthstone, and god only knows how many other communities

But Totalbiscuit is the StarCraft 2 community's rock. Now and forever. We love you John Bain. We'll keep loving you too, with all the strength we can possibly muster.
[deleted]
I can't remember the last time I cried.

I have no words. I'm so glad I got to meet this wonderful man. 

Rest in Peace John. I hope you're at peace.

Axiom flair forever.
When SC2 was dying, when haters were flaming SC2 24/7, when casters were learning World of Tanks, your passion still burned bright.

I mean, wtf man. You had the viewership, the memes, the legend status, you could have easily Destiny'd out, sold your soul and left SC2 behind, but you kept namedropping SC2 you kept insisting on it as a premier eSport.

TB, a truly monumental figure with credibility, who went his own ways no matter what. Best wishes to his loved ones and all who hold him in high regard. They are many.
En taro TotalBiscuit
Shocked at how fast this came. The fact that he was still casting just a few weeks ago just shows how tough he really was.

What an incredible guy
Fuck. RIP TotalBiscuit, you were such an influential member of the community and I always loved your commentary. 
Maan, what horrible news to end the day with. Condolences to his family.
*And the stars burn dimmer for his loss.*
Man was a legend. Rest in peace TB, we'll all miss you. The world is a worse place now
Holy shit..
No words can describe this terrible loss of an amazing man. Missed forever.
Horrible news.. What a great personality for SC2 that has passed away :(
Just awful news. Rest in peace.
Never have I been so touched by the death of a person I never met. Such an abstract kind of sadness.  
Never knew him, never spoke to him, he didn't know I existed.   
But It hurts. Those tears are for you John.  
Rest in Peace
Damn.

Well...

Damn. He was there at the beginning. Back when the roar of the crowd brought me chills. 

Damn. 
Fuck cancer.
Heartbreaking. My condolences to Genna, friends and family. RIP John, we'll miss you
A long and tough fight against an awful disease. I'm sad to see such a wonderful community figure pass. We'll all miss him dearly
The man was internet royalty. He will be missed by so many different people.
The gaming community has lost an amazing and impressive voice. TotalBiscuit always stood up for us and represented us well. 

He'll be missed. 
Followed TB back in the Wow Radio days, then he drew me in to SC esports.  Changed my life.  Got to meet him and Genna at an IPL.  Both incredibly gracious.  So sorry for Genna and for all of us.  I loved that man.
I never thought this day would come.   
Rest in peace John.
I've always loved his casting, and ShoutCraft was a goddamn gem every time. I still carry the Axiom flair and will never take it off.

Additionally... I just saw a suggestion for a tribute for him that would fit perfectly here:

[Proxy a Tank.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6FjjZr9JQE)
This isn't happening...

I have no words...
Rest in peace john, a true legend. I'll miss you.
Wow..so sad.  Thank you John for everything you did for us.  To his family if you read this, he was a gem of a human. I'm sorry for your loss
I remember when I first heard TotalBiscuit in some WoW-related stuff and was instantly impressed by that man. Then he started his massive contributions in SC2 scene and my respect for him couldnt be bigger.

Fuck...
What awful news.  I'm sure all of our thoughts are with TB's family at what must be the worst of times for them.

A passionate champion for Starcraft, he will be sorely missed.
We will always remember him as the legend he was. 

RIP TB and thanks for all the good work.
sad day for the gaming comunity , rip TB
RIP
I'm so sad... I feel like I've lost a family member... Thank you TB for your contributions to SC2 and Gaming. Rest in peace.
RIP TB, may your light shine on the Koprulu Sector forever.
I got to meet him once. He was fantastic.
I'll rush battlecruiser vs everyone in Sc just like tb did for the next few months. Rip tb, the man was a living legend. 
rip. Alot of these threads but i felt this one was the best subreddit to choose.
I remember quite well when I started to understood what kind of person John Bain was behind his TotalBiscuit persona. He was talking about Husky, being forever grateful for discovering him the posibilities of Youtube as a platform for gaming comentary. It is strange to see a successful personal being so humble and grateful, and loyal to who gave him his means and business. He was not that bloated, explosive, extrovert persona of his casts and tweets, but also a caring, thoughtful person who was grateful and happy for being able to work in something he loved

That is what shines the most. He was really invested in what he loved (his family, the gaming community, his work) and thankfully for us, that included SC2. He was loyal to them till the end. He worked for them till the end, and I really hope he enjoyed them till the end.

I'm more glad than ever than I can still click that button on the SC2 options to still hear his voice shouting at me with his awesome british accent.

I'll pray for you, thoughtfully. I'll miss you. All my best wishes to your family, friends and specially to Genna and her son. Rest in peace, TB
TB got me into Starcraft 2 eSports, Starcaft 2 and eSports in general.

FUCK. CANCER.
My heart goes out to TotalBiscuit's family. This is a terrible thing to have to deal with :(

I want to share a small story I have about him, and what he meant to me. I'm somewhat of a newcomer to the StarCraft scene, so I wasn't present for a lot of the history that TotalBiscuit is legendary for. I've read about the amazing things he's done for the scene, and I have a ton of respect for him as a result.

But surprisingly, that isn't way that I connected with TB; I connected with him because of how he handled his illness. I don't have anything nearly as bad as stage four cancer, but I do deal with a couple of inflammatory conditions that I'll live with for my entire life. TotalBiscuit was an amazing example for me of the proper way to handle those curves that life throws at us.

I was fortunate enough to meet him at Blizzcon last year. I'd recently watched his interview on the h3 podcast, and it made a huge impression on me. I *almost* didn't say anything to him, because I'm shy, I'm an introvert, and I worry about things like whether a conversation will go poorly. I ended up summoning the courage to approach him, let him know that I'd listened to his interview, that I have some health stuff I deal with, and that he's very inspiring to me. I'm so, so glad that I did that. I had no way to know that it would be my only chance to say that to him, and I think if I hadn't done it I would deeply regret it.

To anyone who hasn't watched that interview, I would highly recommend giving it a watch or a listen. And if you're ever that shy nerd in a situation like I was, maybe think of this story and make sure you tell that person how much they meant to you. I'm really glad I did.
^The linked tweet was tweeted by [@GennaBain](https://twitter.com/GennaBain) on May 24, 2018 22:53:10 UTC (220 Retweets | 340 Favorites)

-------------------------------------------------

Rest in Peace my Dearest Love

John [@Totalbiscuit ](https://twitter.com/Totalbiscuit ) Bain

July 8, 1984 - May 24, 2018 

[Attached photo](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dd_y6bKU8AA5boG.jpg:orig) | [imgur Mirror](https://i.imgur.com/KlrXXtc.jpg)

-------------------------------------------------

^^• Beep boop I'm a bot • Find out more about me at /r/tweettranscriberbot/ •
I wasn't ready.
Entertainer, educator and great person who helped bring light to some crap days I had in the past.
Wish his family and friends the best....Dammit it's a shame, no words for this. RiP
Absolute legend. Will never be forgotten :(
wow I got goosebumps when I read this, iv never even met the guy but just from seeing him in the SC scene for so long really left an impression on me. RIP
Holy shit. This sucks so so so much. My condolences to Genna and his family. RIP John
An absolute legend who inspired me to start PC gaming seriously in the first place. He will be missed, and deserves great credit for keeping his spirits up right to the end. RIP John
This is an incredibly sad day :(
Awful news. The impact he has had on the scene has been immense. His tournament casting alongside Apollo directly inspired me to start playing the game and I'm sure it had the same effect on many others.

Rest in peace.
I’m not sure how we could go about this, but I think the mods of r/Starcraft and potentially as many of the other gaming subreddits as we can should do something to honor TB and what he did for us as gamers. We’re all better for having him in our lives I think, so something like that should be a pretty easy sell. Maybe just have this stickied, or shut the subreddits down for a day or something...like a moment of silence. I don’t know...any ideas guys? Mods?
Axiom flair's up ! 
RIP TB

"Who the fuck proxies a tank? "
I didn't know his cancer was progressing so quickly. 

I had a conversation in a thread on /starcraft a few years ago. 

I was writing about the announcement of heroes of the storm when it was first announced as a SC2 mod. 

I remember TB called me a twat.

He will be missed. 

F
Man, this is so sad and I knew it was coming but, so so sad.
RIP you wonderful person, you found your way in everything you did.

Some TB SC2 for us all: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceJNTMlYB94
I met TB through sc2, but got invested into him as a person. He was a genuine nice man that stood for the best things in gaming. He will always be my idol, a titan of the industry.

I feel so empty now that he is really gone.
This is such a tragedy, what a loss for everyone, especially Genna...

I want to punch something :(
totally indifferent on so many of the recent celebrity deaths in the past few years, but then this one hits me like a truck

really sad news, I feel like I just lost a friend
It's one thing to know it's coming, it's another thing for it to come, even less much sooner than you expect... 
I am weeping right now.

TB was such an inspiration to me. He was always so passionate, so careful in his analysis, and so caring towards everyone around him. Let us never forget his example.
Axiom flairs up!

Rest in Peace TB. You'll be remembered
As one gets older the reality of morality gets realer but not easier. I hope you're better across the great divide. 
Thank you John and Genna for the years of awesome SC2/esports support that you gave us. 
Well shit. Peace TB.
Oh no, RIP. What an amazing human being, thats bitter.
Absolute legend of a man, will be missed dearly.
Rest in peace John. You were an amazing gaming personality, and an even better human. You'll be truly missed.
Fucking shit. Rest in peace John.
Fuck man, this one hurts me
TotalBiscuit was truly great for Starcraft 2, very sad to see him go.
He stayed strong and fought till the end. So shitty that humans have to deal with cancer.
Damn man. I don't even know what to say. Shit made my tear up and brought back memories of losing my brother to cancer. John was one of the best and he will be missed. 
Keeping this Axiom flair as long as I possibly can. 
I don't know what to say.. what do you even say to this. He has made an impact on so many lifes, was never afraid of unpopular opinions, never lost his integrity. Even though we never met and he didn't  even know that Im exist, I will never forget him. If anybody would only be 10% of TB, the world would be a better place. 
Shattering. Rest in peace, and may your memory comfort your friends and family in their dark moments.
Fuck me. I thought we had more time. 
Man, I'm pretty numb to most things internet related but this hit me like a god damn freight train.

TB, thank you for everything.  I will pour one in your memory this weekend.


Mrs. Bain, I'm really sorry.
He was the first caster I really liked in Starcraft 2.  This hits me harder than I expected even though I knew it was coming.  Seriously, fuck cancer.
The world is a poorer place without him. I never saw much of his work but his contribution to gaming in general is apparent by his many fans and the outpouring of support throughout his whole ordeal.

He's at peace now, my condolences to his family and loved ones. 
My first time watching Starcraft was at Assembly winter 2012. Totalbiscuit was casting with Apollo. After that event I went home and bought Starcraft 2. Thank you TB for introducing me to this and many other games over the years
GG WP    :_(
God, I will miss this man. His sc2 shoutcasts were so fucking hype. I'll always admire the positive outlook he had on life up until the very end. RIP TB you fought so damn hard for so long <3
"One is not truly dead, until they are forgotten." The StarCraft community will never forget this legend of a man!
I just remembered that it was TB who got me into SC2

Here's my comment from 6 years ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/kt2dv/totalbiscuit_starcraft_and_me_the_story_of_a/c2n153s/
Starcraft 2 legend, YouTube legend, gaming legend... words can't describe how amazing and powerful this dude was and how sad and shocked I am right now.
Thank god he's not suffering anymore.
Thanks for all you've done for this game and this community TotalBiscuit! I'm gonna miss him. 
Unbelievably sad news.  This man fought harder than anyone.

Let him live on through you as you fight every day to live out your passions.

Rest In Peace, TB.
:'( rip legend
RIP
RIP. A true legend
Oh my god. RIP John Bain 
Fuck, he was such an insipiration in many things, I still remember the way he kept supporting the scene when everyone else baited.

He was a man with an iron will.
A legend, thank you TB for all the laughs and crys.
Farewell TB.

You were the best at what you did.
Rest in peace you magnificent bastard.
His videos have really helped me at a time in my life that's been pretty tough. I wish I could have met him at least once to thank him.
TotalBiscuit was a pillar of Starcraft. I remember when he created Axiom, and I will always remember his many invitationals that he ran over the years. I will deeply miss you and your deep passion for gaming and Starcraft. 

Thanks for all your hard work, TotalBiscuit. And Good Game. 
RIP you legend. Hope you got a good internet connection in heaven!
This is so unfortunate and hard to hear....He was such a great guy and did amazing things for starcraft...
TB impacted so many lives. He is, and always will be, a Legend. RIP
Fuck. I'm gonna miss you, you magnificent man. Rest in peace 
We all thought it may happen in the back of our heads, but when it finally happened...it still feels so sudden. To have someone so influential in the community not retire, not go off to military service, not leave to pursue other passions, but to just be gone..

You'll be missed immeasurably, TB. StarCraft cannot and will not ever forget you, and all you have done for it. I know I won't.
The entertainment given by TB since the early days of youtube. Having his passion overlap with mine in SC2 and supporting the scence. Being prompted to my GP and motivated through the poor health. It's hard to say any less than this guy has profoundly affected my life.

He will be deeply missed - let's make him proud guys.
TB was a real dude. He took a lot of time to meet fans at IPL in Las Vegas. Him and genna just got swarmed and took the time to meet everyone and take pictures and everything. 
RIP Biscuit
Goddamn, this really hits hard. Has been following him for a couple of years and I love him for, not only the content he has produced, but also for the support he gave to the Starcraft 2 scene. Will never forget him, RIP
TB was inspirational and still helped out people even when he was fighting cancer, will be re-watching SHOUTCRAFT Kings amongst other things this weekend. RIP buddy hope you are finally at rest from all the pain that cancer caused you. <3
It is a dark day for StarCraft
Shadow  
Take Me Down  
Shadow  
Take Me Down With You  
For The Last Time  
You’re In The Water  
I’m Standing On The Shore  
Still Thinking That I Hear Your Voice  
Can You Hear Me ?  
For The Last Time  
At Night I’m Driving In Your Car  
Pretending That We’ll Leave This Town  
We’re Watching All The Street Lights Fade  
& Now You’re Just A Stranger’s Dream  
I Took Your Picture From The Frame  
& Though You’re Nothing Like You Seem  
Your Shadow Fell Like Last Night’s Rain  
For The Last Time  
John Biscuit is a titan of the video game industry. In every aspect of his work he strove for the best and never took no for an answer. His reviews, voice and passion inspired others to achieve amazing things and his effect on the industry cannot be overstated.

John was a fighter and a champion of so many causes over the length of his enormous career. He fought with US immigration, he fought to raise the standards of live shows both online and offline. He fought for the gaming industry to be seen and understood, he fought for us when our demographic graphic was blamed for school shootings. He fought for korean players displaced to have a home to compete, he fought for foreigners to have a place to compete...... and he fought for our game to be taken seriously for it truly is.

And I think it's only poetic that his Team will be forever the reigning GSTL champions.

Lets remember John for all the fights he won, rather then the one he lost.

Rest in piece mate
o7
I knew it was terminal but this was still way faster than I expected. RIP TB, you were a great guy and the contributions he's made to esports and gaming as a whole will be remembered.
Thank you TB, I wish I knew how to say more. 
Fucking hell. Poor guy. Rip tb

They should do an announcer mod with his voice in Heroes of the storm. 
holy fuck
RIP TB, you glorious bastard! Thank you for everything!
oh no
I remember the last time I saw you. It was randomly on the street after the last day of TwitchCon 2017. You were so friendly to me and you didn't seem to be affected at all by the cancer. I have been a fan since the beginning of Wings of Liberty. 

Rest in piece, TotalBiscuit! We will miss you!
Can we please have Axiom flairs back in John's memory, mods?
BlizzCon needs to have a special memorial thing for him. Nobody is more deserving.
I really know nothing about TB, and I'm not sure I'd want to get into his videos now that his story has ended, but the support he's been shown by this and other gaming communities on Reddit definitely makes me feel sad for his family and everyone who supported him, cancer sucks.
Rest in peace.  Thank you for all you have done for the scene.  You will be remembered.
RIP, complete legend! I remember watching a ton of his WoW and SC2 content growing up as a kid. Thanks for the memories </3
I don’t even know what to say. This is hitting me really hard. He will me missed greatly.
Amazing guy, such a pillar in everything and a great builder of the whole scene, will miss him in all things gaming. 
Difficult to believe that he's gone.
Remember this? https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/ythkm/thank_you_totalbiscuit_and_reddit_for_sending_out/
So very sad to hear this news, TB will be sorely missed. Best wishes to his family :(
My sincere condolences. Rest in peace John, thanks for everything.
At least he had his announcer pack, we will forever remember him through this.
Damn... It genuinely feels like I’ve lost a friend. He put everything he had into his work and it showed. Doesn’t feel like anything I could do or say would do the man justice.
I think I have never been this affected by the passing of someone I never personally met. I cant really put it in words, but even though we never met, it feels like over the years he became a friend of mine
End of an era    

he personified what is for me the peak of Starcraft II, the communty,  the time on from release 

I don't mean peak in terms of success, just peak, the amount of memories from that time, he was a major part of that,    
Rest in peace dear friend. You will live on in our memories.
Gone but never forgotten.  He will forever go down as a exports legend.
Fuck. I'm actually shaking trying to think of something to type.  He made an impact everywhere he touched.  Truly a beautiful man. 
Rest in peace :(
Rest in peace John, you are a legend!
I gotta say, this hits me a lot harder than I expected. I never really met him in person but I feel a whole lot emptier after hearing the news on the front page of reddit. 
Thank you for the great things you have done for Starcraft.
rip :/ :(
Such a loss. You'll never see a guy more prolific or passionate, for starcraft, for game critique, for videogames in general. His work is an undying part of SC2's history 
Starcraft 2 was what got me into esports, and John was the gateway for that. I don't really have words to say what an incredible person he was or what he meant to me and so many others he never knew, but all I can say is I'm terribly sorry Genna and Orion. Rest in Peace John.
Man... He was one of the first people I genuinely watch StarCraft Content from, along with Husky and Day9. This is a big loss to games journalism and the gaming scene as a whole... 

Rest in Peace
I didnt want to cry, yet here I am.

GG, you cynical brit!
I hardly even know what to say...  TB is one of the people who got me back into PC gaming around 10 years ago after I spent a few years in console pleb town, and he got into SC2 at launch just like I did.  It's going to be so weird not having him around anymore.

TB's legacy in not only the SC2 scene but in the gaming scene as a whole cannot be overstated.  He was not only able to support SC2 and help bring it back from its lowest point from a viewer experience perspective with his clan wars, KOTH, and other events, but he did the same thing to games journalism as a whole by exposing some of the shadiest industry practices and by setting precedents with regards to bullshit DMCA takedown notices on YouTube.

Not only that, but he was a genuinely fun, kind, and compassionate human being.  The gaming world legitimately lost a fixture today.  


--
^^^And ^^^I'm ^^^not ^^^just ^^^talking ^^^about ^^^what ^^^you ^^^think ^^^I ^^^am ^^^with ^^^the ^^^whole ^^^erect ^^^penis ^^^thing...
I first came across totalbiscuit's videos for wow expansions and minecraft stuff, and didn't even know how much he influenced the SC2 scene until recently.  Warm fuzzies to his family and loved ones.  Rest in peace, you cynical Brit.
I'd never have played this if it wasn't for him. Nevermind following the pro scene.

He's given me hundreds, if not thousands of hours of entertainment, possibly one of the biggest positive impacts on my life, even though he never knew I existed.

We all knew it was coming...but...fuck.
I get that he was a controversial figure... but he has done so much for the eSports scene... most specifically starcraft. 

He sacrificed time, money, and health.... to keep sc2 going and kicking.

He even lost money to keep the axiom team running because it was his dream.... and he felt a sense of loyalty to keep that team until his health failed him. 

He worked on the scene up until his death. 

He is a fucking legend.. who put his passions, friends, and family above all else. He enabled nobodies into careers they only fathomed... he gave up money.. to do something he loves.

Amazing man and I only hope to be as half of a man as he was.  RIP.
Probably contributed more to the SC2 community than anyone.
Great man, huge loss.
Life is too short, each and everyone of us should cherish the days we're given as we never know what the future holds for us.﻿
All the other comments make me speechless. Everything has been said, yet nothing has been said.


Totalbiscuit was one of my favorite youtubers for the longest time even before he started playing SC2, when i heard that he had cancer i got this big lump in my throat but i thought "you're gonna live through this, i know you are" now with this news i am heartbroken and i really sympathize with his family and loved ones. Rest in peace you glorious bastard.
Axiom for life
Came here to show my support.
I've never shed a tear for anyone I didn't personally know, but I'm not ashamed to say I wept today. Hard to believe he's gone. We have to do something to permanently instill in our community the memory of his amazing talent, passion, and life.

Rest in peace, John.
I only hope that his loved ones see this thread and take some comfort in it, knowing how many people appreciated his wit, charm, insight, candor, and style.  Thanks for being such an inspiring figure and loyal fan.  You'll be missed.
TB I never liked you but I always respected you for your love for SC2 and all the things youve done for this game out of PURE FANDOM. You truly deserve to be remembered with good and be respected by every SC fan in the world. Rest in peace, buddy...
RIP John Bain. You will live on in the hearts and memories of your loved ones and tens of thousands in the gaming community. My deepest condolences to his family and friends.
RIP TB.  These extra years were a blessing and I'm glad that he got to spend that time among friends and family.
TB got me back in to SC2 when I was a young'un \- had some of the best of my young years in that game. En Taro John. Anht zagatir nas 
Ah shit, poor guy. I was hoping so much that he'd pull through, he just seemed so damn strong throughout his illness. 

RIP TB, I loved your WTF is videos and I'll miss your excellent contributions to Starcraft. You will be sorely missed by your family obviously but also by all of your many fans.
Rest in peace TB, I will miss you. My condolences to the family.
I wasn't a fan of his. Heck, I've had my fair share of disagreements and disputes with his behaviour online. Then again, the guy was regularly targeted online by haters and trolls to the point where he distanced himself and for good reason. That shit did a huge number on his health and that was before the cancer diagnosis

Still, nobody can deny his legacy both to StarCraft II and to video games journalism in general. He didn't deserve to die of cancer at such a young age, no matter how much people try to stir up old internet drama to paint him in a negative light.

Totalbiscuit will be missed by many and his absence will certainly hit the SC2 scene and games journalism hard.
This was tough to read. As someone who has been around from the beginning before casting was even a thing, and seeing where it's gotten to, in no small part from this man's efforts and passion, I feel a hole now. It's everyone's job who loves this sport, to try and fill that hole somehow, someway, if we are to remember him properly.

Rest in peace TB.  
Im speechless, just utterly gutted in every sense of the word. I hope wherever he is, he is in a better place now and my thoughts and prayers go out to his friends and family and everyone that has been effected by this sad news. 

R.I.P The Legend TotalBiscuit <3
I'm not crying, you're crying
I’m eating at Burger King and trying not to cry. Reading these comments. I knew it was coming when he announced his retirement. But I still am not prepared. Rest In Peace buddy! You will be missed! Thank you for everything.
Since we cant talk about this in /r/leagueoflegends/ cause nazi mods...

You are not forgotten.

R.I.P
Thank you for everything you did for this community.
RIP
I know things were on a downward slide for him, even though he fought all the way. It still hits hard and feels unexpected. Rest in peace TB. At least you don't have to suffer anymore.
Sad day for the community, my condolences to his family. May his legacy live on! RIP Total Biscuit <3 <3 <3
thank you to the man whose videos were the first I watched when getting into this game. your enthusiasm for gaming helped me become proud of something I used to try and hide. Thank you for everything you've done for this community. 
Find peace John, god bless you
Despite knowing things were grim, always held out hope for different outcome... Massive loss but will never forgotten.
Sad day, RIP TotalBiscuit.  
:(
fuck
RIP TB.
Thank you for the shoutcraft kings tournament and your passion and how you kept the scene going. The first true gaming professional
rip
Gaming and sc2 in particular owe this man so much. RIP
Fuck.
He always felt like this ubiquitous figure in gaming :(. REST IN PEACE TotalBiscuit, he was a TITAN. 
Absolutely heartbreaking. He will live on through the lives of the thousands of people he inspired. Rest in peace.
Aww fucking fuck motherfucking cancer...

Edit: wow he managed to break reddit 


Rest in peace you brilliant man. My heart goes out to his family.
Rest in peace TB.
Just wow, I did not expect it to be so soon.

I just can't believe someone who did so much for us is just gone.
What a legend, he'll be missed.
F

Wow... I mean i´m glad he isn´t suffering anymore but i always thought je was going to be ok
Rest in Peace - SC2 and esports would be quite different without you
He did so much for sc2. Rest in peace. Big loss for entire gaming community
You have my condolences.
No... I thought he had more time... I am so sorry. He will be dearly missed
RIP my legend.

F
rest easy john
Damn, I didn't think it would be this soon.
This hurts so much. TB did so much for the scene. I can't imagine Genna's pain.
En Taro TB
=[
RIP gosu bro.
Sad day, the feels...
No words at all. I'm filled with such sadness knowing I'll never hear him cast again.
It's going to rain today
:( so sad. RIP
RIP. gg, totalbiscuit!
RIP
I will never forget you.
;( 

He will be missed.

RIP
Haven't played SC2 after WOL, but I was introduced to him back then. Seemed like a good dude. RIP.
Rest in peace, TB. Thank you for everything.
I remember I really didn't care for TotalBiscuit when he first made his appearance on the SC2 scene.  I didn't watch any of his WoW content or other shows/series/casts at the time.  While it took me a while to warm up to him I can honestly say that he might be the only person outside of my actual friends/family whose opinions on games I actually listen to.  The man is a legend and I hope everybody remembers him as such.

Fuck cancer.  Get screened.
Thank you John, for everything. 
Fucking hell. 
He was a great guy and dedicated so much to bring us all joy. Will be very very missed.
This news came so sudden, I had no idea, I thought things were going better. Sad day. You did so much for SC2, you'll always be king. 
John was one of the most important and influential voices in gaming in the recent era. He was also obviously a very supportive figure in the starcraft scene and a great guy in general. His fight against cancer was inspiring to me, and I know to many others. You will be missed, gone but never forgotten. Rest in peace.
Rest in peace John, and condolences to Gena in these terrible moments, stay strong :(
An absolute icon in *Starcraft* and esports. Safe to say *Starcraft* wouldn't be where it is today without TotalBiscuit and his work with Axiom, SHOUTcraft and everything else. 
Fuck
RIP. We'll miss him.
**F**
:*(
TB was one of my first introductions to Starcraft, and he was always one of my favourites. I will miss him dearly.
o7
What 😕
o7
:(
RIP. You were an inspiration!
This fucking sucks. RIP TB may forever be part of the koprulu sector ❤️
Rest in peace. We lost one of the good ones today. 
Years ago I bought an Axiom hoodie, and it's been the comfiest damn hoodie I've ever had. I bet that had something to do with Totalbiscuit and his endless concern that things be of quality.
This hurts right in the feels, I watched him for awhile. RIP in peace and get the lan setup for us to do some sc when we meet you there.
My heart just sunk. I’ll miss John and everything he added to the gaming community.
o7
En taro Bain.
Feelsbadman ;(
The death of a legend, the biggest contributor to sc2 to date! You will be missed :(
This is just horrible news. You are a wonderful legend John. 
Woah, how? R.i.p
We are blessed to have had this man cast Starcraft 2 games.


This man ran his own innovative tournaments. He did one where we knew the player pool but we didn’t know the players until they were knocked out of the tournament. Funded and ran by himself and donations. He did this just to create hype and inspire Starcraft love and tournaments. He propped up SC2 esports by his back and started a generation of commentators. The amount of people this man has inspired and what this man has started in uncountable. What he is and his impact on esports and streaming and commentating and the best parts of video game and YouTube culture is going to last forever. TotalBiscuit created a beautiful amazing  culture that has created jobs and amazing  entertainment for millions people. May you live with us forever. RIP TotalBiscuit.
 RIP :\( Can anyone find the video of his Blizzcon speech about the future of starcraft? It was so great but I can't find it 
I had the pleasure of covering a US vs EU online tournament with TotalBiscuit way back in 2010, as well as meeting him in person at Red Bull Battlegrounds in New York City.  Kind, courteous, hilarious...the words don't really do him justice.  In the short time I was able to work with him, he taught me so much.  An absolute legend, thank you TotalBiscuit for all that you gave to this community.  You will be truly missed.
He got me into watching starcraft 2 with his casting, made me take games and the industry a little more seriously, and helped me sort out how i wanted to grow, and the type of person i wanted to be.
Fuck, man. This feels bad. He was my absolute favorite youtuber. I don't think quite anyone else met the mark, despite the amounts of people who have since emulated him from his WTF and Mailbox days. Was really sad that there was so little content for the past few years. Gonna miss him and his snark.
Posts are also on the top of wow and cs:go reddits. legend.
Man this really hits hard.  I've always enjoyed his content and he was one of the reasons for me getting into SC2.  RIP man, you will be missed :(.
Terrible, terrible news. Rest in peace John
I haven't played SC2 in like 4 years; is the TB voice pack still available in the shop?

And will Genna benefit at all from the proceeds or does it all go to Blizz?

I feel like I should buy this even though I don't really play SC2 anymore; just to commemorate one of the two people who really got me into SC2 in the first place.

o7 John, RIP. 
f
I have a hard time finding words. I'd like to write something about what an inspiration he was and how hard he fought and how much he did for gaming and esports and Starcraft and how many will remember him, but I just feel empty.

He didn't even get to turn 34.

Thank you so much for everything. Rest in peace.
Flairs up.
Rest in peace John. You were a big inspiration to me throughout the years, I can't believe it. 
You will be missed. 
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT
Out of the places to comment, I quickly came to /r/starcraft. This is where it began for me and when I first heard TB shoutcraft back in 2011. I'm going to miss you TB your legacy will live on forever!
F
the last time i saw him live, was in Blizzcon 2017. RIP my dude
God damn it. TotalBiscuit was and is an idol for me - he was the guy who really got me into Starcraft II and he was a perfect example of what hard work can achieve.
But, even though most of us would love to sit down and let the sorrow wash over us, I think he would've prefered us to go improve and do things despite the pain and sadness.

You'll be missed John
Thanks for everything
We have lost a giant today. Rest in peace TB. En Taro Adun, executor
RIP TB, loved everything you did. No one deserves such a fate, hope there's something on the other side so you can continue to entertain people . 
I actually got to meet John at MLG Anaheim in 2013. He was very laid back, and never once acted like he was anything other than just another Starcraft fan at that event, actively just talking with fans about the matches and the players.

Today I feel honored that I actually got a chance to meet and have a conversation with this man. His long battle with cancer and his never ceasing commitment to carry on like it was nothing is going to inspire me for the rest of my life.

RIP John Bain. 
We will miss you TB. May you rest in peace knowing how much good you have done.
Very sad day in the Starcraft world. We'll miss you, TB
John was one of those guys who I feel like I came up with. He was one of the OG Starcraft 2 guys back when esports was finally taking off in the West. Dude was unapologetically all about the things he liked. It is in part because of his vision and his passion that I am still proud to be a member of the larger gaming community and a supporter of anybody following their weird nerdy passions. In a PR and marketing driven scene, TB was one of the most visible dudes just doing his own thing regardless of how anybody else felt. I'll miss the hell out of you and your content, TotalBiscuit. 
godspeed Mr. TotalBiscuit, thanks for the show.
RIP  

I will always remember your casts. "In the blue trunks we have <idra or someone> aaaaand in the red trunks we have <korean>  

This fucking sucks.
I haven’t spent a lot of time with the SC2 scene in the past few years, but by god did he always have a way of keeping me hooked and enjoying it. Really, one of the best that could ever be.

Rest In Peace, TB.
RIP.  Very sad.
Thank you, John.  Rest in peace.
He went down fighting
Oh boy this one hurts. He will be missed so very much. Such an upstanding individual.
Rest In Peace 
F
F
dang, this hit me harder than I expected. It feels just like yesterday he was getting involved sc2, and everyone thought he was only in it for the money. Oh boy did he prove everyone wrong. His passion never wavered, and I'm glad to have gotten to know him over the years. Thanks for all the memories TB.
What a legend. R.I.P in Peace 
Rest in peace, John. I will never forget your passion for this community and many others.
RIP John, we will all miss you.
Heaven is going to have the dopest Starcraft casts now.  Rest in peace, man. 
pce dood
We 've lost one of the greatest guys in StarCraft, and a great human being. En Taro TB 
Rest in Peace John. You were truly a hero of the esports scene. We lost an amazing person today. I cannot imagine just exactly what his family must be going through right now... This hurts a lot... You were definitely taken away too soon John. But at least, you will never be forgotten. Thank you for everything that you did for SC2 and esports. We love you John.
Loved what you brought to the scene. Your work in sc2...

I'm at a loss for words. Rest in peace you amazing man.
TB touched us all and left a mighty legacy. Many condolences to his family. 
He contributed a ton to the community. Through Axiom, casting and other ways he really dumped a lot of money in the scene. I met his wife at MLG Dallas 2012 and she was very nice. RIP TB, you will be missed. 
I've been a fan of starcraft for a long time. Even though I suck I've always had massive respect for what Totalbiscuit did for the community. He will be sorely missed. 
TB was the reason I got back into playing Starcraft 2. The first thing I did was buy his announcer pack because of how much I love his content and his sense of humor. I might need a moment here.
Another brother taken too early. Feels bad man. Slay the PC in the heavens and never stop jamming out with the stuff you enjoy.
We’ll miss you John...

May you fly your battlecrusiers high and keep your base hidden 
TB was the reason I started watching SC2, because of him I grew up to be a better gamer, and most importantly a better person.  
  
It didn't matter if I was angry or sad, whenever I watched him things got better. Some may not understand, but I felt closer to him than I feel to most of my blood relatives.  
  
I can only hope to keep on doing what he did, making the gaming world better for the gamers yet to be.  
  
S2TB!
As much a role model for gamers than a player of the game. He spoke, he created action, and the world is a little bit of a better place because he existed. ::sniffle::
Fuck this hits me harder than I thought it would. I stopped watching his videos a while ago because it was too depressing thinking about it, but now that he's gone I can't help but think about how much I loved everything he did, and how much i'll miss him.

Rest In Peace TB, somewhere out there an angel just got his top hat.
I was introduced to sc2 a few months after launch. Soon after, climbing in bronze. TB's videos were some of the first I watched. From there, his videos on all sorts of games have helped me hear about and experience some of the best games out there. That I may have missed otherwise. Rest easy man, and thank you. 
We should all go on ladder and proxy BC rush in memory of him.  Greatest cheese build of all time.
Haven't been here for a while. I just want to leave this here:      

https://youtu.be/SyerYHOsM-8?t=6m52s      

"It was an honor serving with you, John."
My condolences to the Bain family and to everyone who invited Totalbiscuit into your homes/screens/battlestations/podcast subscriptions. Just to note at the great reach of a man lost too soon as of 21:05 Central time US the top 10 posts in r/all are dedicated to John “Totalbiscuit” Bain.  
Rest in peace John, I will miss you.

My condolenses to Genna and the rest of the family. 
Rest in peace Total Biscuit.
Rest in peace TB. Thank you for supporting the sc2 scene especially when the korean scene was dying by setting up the axiom squad.
Met him and his wife at MLG Anaheim 2012. 

Great Dude

RIP
I use to hate on the guy back in the day because I didn't like his casting, but he's done more way more for the SC2 scene than 90&#37; of the people out there. I respected his passion, RIP.
Rest In Peace legend. You will live on in our hearts. 
Rip.
He will be missed 😔
Oh no... <3
Rest In Peace you glorious man
Sad day, RIP, prayers and blessing to his family.
RIP TB 😢
i First meet TotalBiscuit in starcraft 2(that i dont play anymore for years) he was my favourite caster and i never stop following him.. Its really a sad day

Rest in peace sweet prince
R.I.P let us all remember the strength TB showed in his last years. Such a shame, he was a great man.
I was admittedly one of his haters for a long time. It wasn't until around the time he founded Axiom that I realized he was making huge, selfless moves to better the scene... and with someone like that, how can you have anything but respect and admiration for them. I still think he made a better E-sports advocate than a caster but he obviously had a huge heart and deserves nothing but love.
Fucking shit man... last I saw he had a successful pain reduction surgery... god damn this is so fucking sad. I've never cared about a "celebrity" death but his is just hard as fuck to even understand  fuck idk man
This hurts :(


Fuck cancer
I’ll be switching my announcer to TotalBiscuit from Tastosis tonight!  I cried in my car cause I glanced at reddit for a moment while at a red light :(
Admire how he lived, and how he went out. 
Would have been so easy to crawl under a rock but he did not.

F
He was an amazing man. Prayers out to his family.
TotalBiscuit made me love Starcraft. I had ladder anxiety back when I just started to play. The game is quite hard to master. Then comes TotalBiscuit with his 1 base BC built and doing some hilarious stuff on the ladder. I had tons of fun watching him play and then I started to play for fun and just enjoy the game.

Thank you John for what you did for esport. We will all miss you and you are part of our memory.
Man fuck... I was not fucking ready for this. Someone let’s play some god damn Starcraft 2 
ahhh what the fuck, jesus christ. RIP
Name a battlecruiser after him.
Thank you, TotalBiscuit, for being a part of our community.
This one hurts a lot. Rest in peace John. :(
Thank you sir.  RIP
RIP and thank you. 
It's been said a thousand times in this thread. But I have to say it too.

Rest in peace TotalBiscuit. And condolences to his family in such a tough time.
Cancer takes another good one away from us. Rest in peace.
This post made me cry like a baby.  R.I.P. Totalbiscuit.
I guess he really was a man :(

Given how much content the guy produced I considered him a robot. I guess the irrational side of me thought he would just be a machine and get fixed. 
Very sad to hear this. I hope his family can find some small comfort in knowing he will live on in the hearts of so many who loved him from a distance through his work.

So long, TotalBiscuit/John. Thanks for all the good times.
I had the privilege of meeting John and his wife at an MLG tournament in Anaheim several years back. They were both incredibly kind and I was lucky enough to get a photo and autograph from him. We had a brief conversation and I could tell what an incredibly kind and loving man he was. Wishing his wife peace of mind and heart in this tragic time.
I didn't think this would happen so soon, it feels unreal. [Anyone else remember this one?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfcw0FQWCCI) 
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r8lwyrd?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[The Best of StarCraft II 2016](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JThvzwx8jek&t=641s)|[+6](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzjla8i?context=10#dzjla8i) - At 10:41 in this video there's a little monologue from TB on the state of SC2 in 2016 and his hopes for the future. Watching it on a normal day makes my heart swell with emotion. But following today's news, I'm actually tearing up.
[Who the hell proxies a tank?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6FjjZr9JQE)|[+4](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzj9bmj?context=10#dzj9bmj) - I've always loved his casting, and ShoutCraft was a goddamn gem every time. I still carry the Axiom flair and will never take it off.  Additionally... I just saw a suggestion for a tribute for him that would fit perfectly here:  Proxy a Tank.
[TB plays ladder - 13 December 2016 [Strong Language]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceJNTMlYB94)|[+3](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzj2uz0?context=10#dzj2uz0) - Man, this is so sad and I knew it was coming but, so so sad. RIP you wonderful person, you found your way in everything you did.  Some TB SC2 for us all:
(1) [I Suck at Starcraft 2 - Episode 11 - A New Blundering](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOPiyAwae3M) (2) [ShoutCraft Kings - Games 1-5](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cm0PulIEDQ)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzj97i4?context=10#dzj97i4) - Friend,  Watch his videos.  If not his God awful play (including proxy Battlecruisers in TvT), watch his King of the Hill tournaments.  Truly some of the best Starcraft entertainment you'll find, even compared to the GSL.
[Halo 3 - Ending/Final part (Legendary)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyerYHOsM-8&t=412s)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzjc8b5?context=10#dzjc8b5) - Haven't been here for a while. I just want to leave this here:                 "It was an honor serving with you, John."
[Fear of the Grack - Iron Maiden parody](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfcw0FQWCCI)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzjiuwb?context=10#dzjiuwb) - I didn't think this would happen so soon, it feels unreal. Anyone else remember this one?
[Iron Maiden -  Only The Good Die Young](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8goV81mY7cs)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/8lwyrd/_/dzjqpjt?context=10#dzjqpjt) - RIP, you will be missed.
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r8lwyrd?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
I can't imagine how hard this must be for Genna. Absolutely heatbreaking news.
Devastating news. The very first competitive starcraft match I ever watched was casted by TB around launch in 2010. To my surprise, starcraft had a fairly large impact on my life for the next five years. It's weird to think all that might not have happened if I didn't randomly stumble upon his videos. Thanks for everything TB. Rest in peace.
Heartbroken. RIP, titan of Starcraft. En Taro TotalBiscuit.
Wish you could see the top 10 posts of Reddit all dedicated to you. RIP and thanks for all you did.
Such an amazing man and even though I don't follow esports anymore, this hit me hard. He will be missed. 
RIP, you are one of the good ones!
Fking hell I loved that guy... RIP 
RIP.


Fuck cancer forever. RIP
Loved his “I suck at Starcraft” and the tournaments he held that allowed for pros to play others they usually didn’t. Led to some great games. He really seemed a huge supporter of Starcraft. Sad to see him go. RIP 
Man did so much for this community.
My liege, the coffers lack minerals!

Rest in Peace, TB. :(
An absolute legend going out way too early, life is indeed unfair.
Rest in peace.


I rarely post here, but I wanted to post to say thank you to TB. Hearing this news made me go back to some of your older videos... and that made me cry. Your echos will remain and it forced me to percieve my own mortality and how each of us are so fragile. I can only hope to be as brave as you in the face of my own, inevitable, demise. Love you TB.
Condolences to all. He was a big personality and we all will miss him 💔
Thanks for everything to a Starcraft legend.
RIP TotalBiscuit -- we will remember you.
He was the guy who was always there, always making content, always showing his passion for gaming and never allowing bullshit in his way. Fuck...
:'-(

Cancer just sucks.
Rip, it was never going to be easy but it was amazing for the time we had him. He fought it and had more time which was worth the world to his family and his fans. We all can be thankful for the memories we shared of a good man.
It's strange that I'm still surprised \- it's like I only now understand that he was sick :\(. Thank you TB!
Rest In Peace TB, you will never be forgotten :(
Thank you for everything.
RIP TB. Thank you for everything you have done for us and Starcraft.
RIP TotalBiscuit. I didn't see eye-to-eye with you on many things, but your passion for gaming was unmatched, especially for StarCraft 2. Your WTF is? series showed me so many games, some of which I continue to play to this day. Rest in peace and may God bless your soul.
Wow, I didn't expect it this early... Rest in peace legend.
May his soul rest in peace now.
Sad fucking day, rest in peace, TB, you shall live in my memory and the memory of the other fans. 
Geoff ' iNcontroL ' Robinson has passed away.

Geoff passed away from a blood clot in his lungs. It was a quick and painless passing.

[Source](https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV/status/1153484240199258112)

___

This goes without saying, but please be respectful.
___
##**Thoughts/reactions from prominent SC2/Esports members will be added [here](https://redd.it/cg87r1), you can still reply with them here or in the linked post and I'll add them to the long list of people expressing their condolences and sharing memories of Geoff.**
___

There is now also iNcontroL user flair, you can change it by clicking the "edit - click to choose your flair" on the side bar, if you're unable feel free to reply and I'll help.
Aged 33... condolences to his family and friends. Thank you Geoff for everything you did for sc2 and esports
What the fuck... 

Devastated
This is actually really heartbreaking for me. I met him at MLG Columbus years ago and it actually changed my life. I struggled with weight all my life (340 pounds when I met him) and he gave me tips on dieting, lifting weights, and gaining confidence. It literally changed my life. I lost 130 pounds, got confident, started powerlifting, and got married. I don’t think any of that would have happened if he wouldn’t have taken the time to talk to me. 

You’ll be remembered forever, man. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me and for gaming. Rest In Peace brother 


https://i.imgur.com/rPvG1pr.jpg

Edit: thanks for the gold stranger ❤️
I can't believe this is real. About a week ago Geoff and I had a lovely conversation about our love of metal music and he encouraged me to keep going forward with my art. Geoff was someone I respected and genuinely cared for the most in the SC2 community. I am in absolute shock right now and have no shame in admitting I'm bawling like a baby and extremely emotional. I can't believe this is real. 

Tell the people you love that you love them. Be there for them. Be kind to strangers. You never know how long you'll have with someone. 

Rest in Peace, sweet prince. I will miss you with all my heart.

Edit: I haven't had  a depression sleep like that in a very very long time. Make sure you stay hydrated and take care of yourself today. Hasn't gotten any easier yet but its important you take care of yourself.
Rest in peace Geoff <3

In light of living with love and laughter as per the followup tweet, here are some of iNcontroL's best moments IMO, truly gut-busting stuff. 

Geoff's views on horses on State of the Game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iSb5-X_2do

Geoff makes Day9 fall off his chair from laughing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEcsmUx8CzU

Geoff answering FMK on State of the Game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIqGf21lZEw

Geoff explaining the history of Artosis: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG9NMWFaNxM&feature=youtu.be
I love you Geoff. You were and always will be one of the best humans I knew.
[deleted]
4 days ago:

https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV/status/1151641905345597441?s=19

"Not always the case but in my 33 years: 

- find the stuff that brings you joy and pursue it. Guard it and earn it. It’s fleeting and finite but worth the endeavor if true. 

- things that bring pain and anger are pursuing you or are at least always nearby. Avoid em."



You are one in a million Geoff. Will always remember you by these words
I just saw this and can't believe it. I've been refreshing the comments waiting to see someone reveal that its a hack or a bad joke. There's just no way.
Fuck man. So fucking gutted to hear this. iNcontroL had such a lasting impact on all of us as StarCraft fans, from SotG, to casting countless events, to every stream. What horrible news and sending my thoughts and condolences to his family.
I don't think there's any words to express the loss the world has felt today. Geoff was a truly compassionate person and someone to look up to. I certainly did, from the first year I got into StarCraft. His humor is unmatched, and his presence can't be replaced. He was willing to talk to me when I was going through the worst period of my life, and he extended that compassion to anyone in need. He fought for issues he didn't have to, and always brought a sense of realism with his optismism. He believed in me as a commenatator and a person, and it meant the world.

&#x200B;

And I knew him as a person. Not just someone who was nice to me. I knew his goals. I knew he would accomplish them one day. I knew his doubts, and knew he worked everyday to make himself better. And it's just...gone.

&#x200B;

Even after this, I can't believe it's real. Many of us can't. Please find other people to talk to. Remember the jokes, remember the emotions. Live by his example. He always talked about fighting through the bad parts of life, acknowledging there's good and bad. I don't know if there's anything else to say. Please look after yourselves. Look after each other.
Reading Day9's tweet made me tear up. This is a brother he played games with and known more than half his life. This is like a bad dream. Just a few days ago he was playing D&D with Destiny. This came out of nowhere... RIP
I heard he was sick but this is just unexpected and tragic. I am so sorry for his family and friends. What a loss at such a young age.
...What to say?

I just read the news 30 minutes ago and I am in total shock. Only this afternoon I was listening to one of his hilarious tirades on the pylon show. Alas..now..

&#x200B;

Its this unique kind of sadness that I can't quite explain. I am sure I could go talk to my girlfriend and she would hug me and comfort me. Yet, I don't think she could understand. I guess that is why I am here, now, "talking" to you all.

I did not know Geoff, not personally. Alas, truth be told, when I personally returned to the SC2 scene last year, I even made a post criticizing his casting at a Homestory cup. Yet, I feel like he has been a constant in my life since then. Listening to him on the pylon show I came to love him for his comedy, his rationality, and for his take on life. His personality won me over, his presence touched my life.

Now he is just...gone. So I sit here and cry for a man I never had any dialogue with. I grieve for his family, I grieve for his friends, but most of all I grieve for myself. I feel like I have truly lost.

I am also scared... for the game I love, and the community I love. What is to be of the pylon show? Geoff was such a big part of things it doesn't even feel right to go on without him. That only makes me more sad and consequently guilty because of my selfishness. Yet, I would like to think Geoff would understand and tell me not to worry. After all, there can be no doubt, he was a good man.

So often with humans, we need to be reminded of our own mortality, our own frailness. How fleeting life can be, and how time will always rob of us of the people and things we love. Today was a costly reminder. I think I will go talk to my girlfriend now, and tell her how much I love her.
Holy shit.

He did fucking *amazing* things for the SC2 community. This is an absolute blow, and has me rattled. Thoughts go out to his friends and family.

Rest in Peace, Geoff. You'll be extremely missed, and gone way too soon.
My best memory of Starcraft was playing against him at some WoL event at PAX East and beating his goofing-around Terran by ultra-tryhard 4gating him. He saw my push and gave me this look like "really, dude?" that cracked me up. This is incredibly sad to hear.
this has to be a fucking joke

what am i fucking reading
I cant believe this, This came completely from nowhere. I remember running into him at Dreamhack in 2014, He could tell I was shy about approaching him for a photo and flagged me, telling me it was fine
[deleted]
[deleted]
No way. I am out of words. Really? I can't believe it
Geoff was one of the most incredible and noble people in the entire e-sports scene.

This feels like just such a gut punch.

Early on in the starcraft scene Geoff was one of the people who just so thoroughly broke the stereotype of nerd. He was such a cool, buff dude whose love for the game was on as deep or deeper a level as any of us. I know maybe that sounds superficial, but honestly it meant a lot to me as a young dude at the time seeing I didn't need to be boxed in by what society thought of as a gamer.

Then later, when Scarlett entered the scene, iNcontroL was the first person to remind the whole community to be mature about an identity that was rather new to the vast majority of us, and I think that led the scene in such a positive direction. He stood up for her on day one, and I thought that was such a brave thing. He never really got enough credit for that I think. I know it's a strange thing to bring up, but honestly that was one of the coolest moments and really speaks to iNcontroL's amazing character.

He represented the pinnacle of what a Starcraft player, fan, and frankly just a person in general could be.

Rest in peace iNcontrol. You will be so very missed. eSports has lost one of its best.
This is so sad 😭
This is an absolute shock. He posted on instagram just two days ago. What happened? Starcraft is never going to be the same :(
God I hope this is a joke... it's so terrible.
jesus christ........ what the fuck
I am absolutely blown away. I didn't know him, but I was a fan and this one hurts. Condolences to his friends and family.
I'm sure this story will get buried in the comments somewhere, but I want to say it somewhere.

When I first got into starcraft 2 it was really easy to find famous player's profiles online.  Like a fool I sent him some messages, and I was surprised that he actually responded and added me as a friend.  He even played a few team games  and some custom maps with me.

At one point in time I had asked him about helping cast some tournament games for a charity stream with me, as I was looking to get into streaming.  He asked about the charity and eventually agreed. 

At some point Geoff went from being a well known pro, to a larger than life caster, and I got busy with work and life.  I never talked to him again after that charity tournament and streaming never happened.  It was always one of my biggest regrets.

I hope this shines some light on what kind of person he was.  He didn't care that I was a no-name terrible starcraft player.  He treated me like I was just another guy, and I'll never forget how in awe and nervous I was playing games with him.  He was a genuinely amazing human.

Rest easy my friend.
Still in disbelief....Rest In Peace, Geoff.
Man I remember hating this guy so much, then at Dreamhack many years back I bumped into him and swore at him. He was like "why you hating me?", and I was at a loss of words, I didn't know why, there were no reasons. I think he saw that it dawned on me and just gave me a quick hug and moved on.
Oh my god, I just feel sick.  

I haven't followed the SC community closely lately, but I remember watching those State of the Game podcasts years ago, and I always appreciated Incontrol's sense of humor.  I can't believe this.
I haven’t followed the SC scene for a while but I was a huge fan of iNcontroL. I loved his personality and his relentless positivity. I’m absolutely rattled. RIP.
Fuck man. First Totalbiscuit, now iNcontrol?
[deleted]
I was never a SC player, but iNcontroL was a guy I looked up to immensely, both personally and in esports.  He's an inspiring guy and he will be missed in countless communities.  Always positive, always humble, incredibly driven, and most importantly - sincere.  

RIP
It’s real. What the hell...
A part of my life, StarCraft and otherwise, goes with him. I grew up watching his cast, admiring his ability to impart that casual, hanging-out feel that’s sometimes lacking into any event he touches. And not to mention he’s just an all around solid guy. 

Like everyone else is saying, I can’t believe the news, and the lack of any real warning to prepare. A comment on reddit doesn’t have the space or do it justice. 

We love ya Geoff. I hope you had no regrets in the incredibly unique life you were able to live.
This is a heavy blow to esports as a whole, not just the StarCraft scene. It is very rare that we see someone so dedicated and genuinely passionate (keyword: *genuinely*) in the industry anymore, especially with such a unique and likeable personality as Geoff's. 

Geoff played a very critical role early on in my own endeavors to interview and document the StarCraft scene while I was working alongside Richard Lewis.

Me and Rich both come from FPS backgrounds, and had no real ground to stand on in the RTS space (at least I didn't; I know Rich is well-versed in all things theory regarding game genres). As Rich [recently tweeted](https://twitter.com/RLewisReports/status/1153113933806362625), Geoff also helped vouch for his work, while coming into the scene in '10 through Cadred's coverage.

One of my first SC2 interviews ever was with Chris Loranger (known in the scene as HuK). He was one of the top-tier foreign players on TeamLiquid, switching over to EG the year after SC2's release. Geoff had tipped me off on this a few months prior to the public announcement, and secured an interview between me and Chris. 

Geoff didn't need any credit or pat on the back, he was just that type of person. He did it because of that *genuine* passion; he wasn't chasing a bag, or wanting clout. He loved everything he did, because he wanted others to smile.

Geoff went on to help me secure contacts within the scene, helping me build a small portfolio of pieces at first, which then flourished later on as me and Rich got a better feel for the scene, and Rich started doing more work in it.

Beyond the gaming-related things, he was a great person to chat to about anything and everything. Always lending an ear when needed, and never seeking attention for good deeds. Kept it real behind the scenes (very hard to find, especially these days, when the cameras go off) and a genuine human through and through.

Condolences to Anna Prosser, and any family/close friends involved.

Rest in peace. Immense loss.
This is insane, I was watching his stream just a few days ago.....

Gonna take a while to process this one. Geoff was a real inspiration, a cornerstone of this community. It won’t be the same without him. Rest in peace buddy.
FUCK NO
This is just tragic. I feel like he had so many more things to achieve, even outside of sc... RIP.
Wow I have 2 hours and 37 minutes of the latest pylon show left to listen to. It will be unbearably hard to do so knowing it will be the last time I get to hear his voice. 

I only started following and playing star craft 2 years ago. But be made a big impact in that time. His whit and humor is infectious and I only hope that is positive impact lasts for a long time.
I can't believe this. I'm in tears as I type. I'm crushed that I'll never get to see him again. I was sure I'd have the opportunity to connect at the next event or BlizzCon that I attended. His impact and support for StarCraft was massive. He'd always make me laugh when I'd watch his casts and I can't imagine an event without him.
Just created this account because I just felt compelled to share...

I had to leave work today after just bursting into tears. I'm not a very emotional person, I can't even remember the last time I cried. I never met InControl, never even typed in his chat when i watched his stream, but I can't stop crying. This was a person who brightened my life for 10 years. I knew more about him than I know about most of my friends. We are almost exactly the same age... I dunno exactly what I want to say.

Just wanted to add my voice to this chorus, the world is a worse place today than it was before, and it's because Geoff isn't here anymore, and it's crazy how the only other people who understand are complete strangers.

En taro Geoff
What the actual fuck... this is the saddest thing to happen to the community since TB passed away. R.I.P Geoff, we will never forget you and your dedication to the scene.
/r/Warhammer40k is right here with you guys. He was such a positive force in helping the hobby move into streaming and doing what he did for SC2 for 40k.

Will really miss hearing his voice.
Me and  10 other hardcore SC2 fans from Ireland traveled to homestory cup, being upset that InControl (Geoff) wouldn't be there, none of us thought it would be this serious of an illness. I honestly have no words for how upset I am now, or the Irish community, as we probably felt his brand of casting always was closest to our own little scene, particularly on the jokes... Rest in peace Geoff, I'm just sorry we never got to meet you or tell you how important you were to our scene on the other side of the Atlantic.
Please let this be a joke... I don't want to believe this is real
Tears being shed in Australia for the man. What a fucking legend.
Damn... RIP.
dude what the fuck??? i feel like i lost someone kinda close to me despite me never meeting him...damn dude ive subscribed to his stream before and he even responded to me directly in chat...

i just watched him cast what the fuck i was just laughing about that german accent thing he did with nate
[deleted]
 For those interested, Geoff had a preferred charity that was geared towards rescuing bulldogs in the area that he lived in. He had a wonderful bulldog, Barristan, whom he loved incredibly and was always featured in his social media posts and streams. On his social media accounts sharing the sad news, they mentioned the charity and encouraged people to donate in his and Barristan's honor/memory if compelled:

[http://www.socalbulldogrescue.org/help-us/donate/](http://www.socalbulldogrescue.org/help-us/donate/)
What the hell.

I remember running home after work to catch the first season of NASL, being casted by him and Gretorp. Those were really good times and i had a lot of fun with his commentary.

He was one of my favorite casters.
I haven't followed this board or scene for a very long time, and I honestly haven't really followed Geoff for a while either, but there was a time in my life where I was extremely unhappy, hated work and had nothing outside of work, etc. and the only thing I really looked forward to was the one time a week I got to watch Geoff play DnD with people. I didn't really know how to express myself so I sent him random donations every month and attached pictures of bears. One of them got a reply from Anna which I still have saved and I'll open it up and look at it sometimes if I'm feeling down.

&#x200B;

I don't know if I can say I ever really knew Geoff because he was always a face on the screen to me. But when you have nothing else, a face on the screen can mean a lot.
[deleted]
Rest in peace.
This is so sad. Geoff is an absolute legend. I have no idea how many hours of laughter he's given me over the years. From his crazy early day TL posts, to his incredible rants. Every appearance he made on any gaming podcast, I was in. You could always count on his wit and dead pan humor. My life was made better in a real and tangible way because of him. A huge loss for the community and for people who knew him. I feel sick.

&#x200B;

Some of my favorite iNcontrol moments throughout the years. Maybe the happy can balance some of the sad...

&#x200B;

iNcontrol, King of rants:

&#x200B;

Horses, and nearly asphyxiating Day\[9\]:

[https://youtu.be/9iSb5-X\_2do](https://youtu.be/9iSb5-X_2do)

&#x200B;

Who is Artosis?

[https://youtu.be/JG9NMWFaNxM](https://youtu.be/JG9NMWFaNxM)

&#x200B;

iNcontrol on getting where he was:

[https://youtu.be/TuiO5Lsu6Eo?t=224](https://youtu.be/TuiO5Lsu6Eo?t=224)

&#x200B;

Geoff on scouting in SC:

[https://youtu.be/cwwZJRHPpEI?t=10220](https://youtu.be/cwwZJRHPpEI?t=10220)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Other good stuff:

&#x200B;

Best of State of the Game

[https://youtu.be/byTgIBZZYCE](https://youtu.be/byTgIBZZYCE)

&#x200B;

Geoff's martial spirit coming through on Ultimate Gamer:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09CP\_UBY4N4&feature=fvwrel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09CP_UBY4N4&feature=fvwrel)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

We love you and will miss you Geoff. RIP

T\_T

&#x200B;

P.S. Does anyone remember the crazy ass post from the early 2000's where someone told a story about getting transported around the world while hanging onto one of Geoff's chest hairs? It was so long ago...
Just to share one memory of Geoff, I remember when a player was DQ’d from an event for stating he was going to “rape” his opponent. The player was not a native English speaker, and apologized for his shocking language, but a lot of fans did not understand the gravity of using such language, especially from a male player about a female opponent.

Geoff released a video explaining the issue and calmly encouraging players to be more empathetic, understand the social factors that affect the issue, especially when considering that female players are already a minority in our community. I will always be grateful to him for this, and other instances where he has worked to bring us forward as a community, and deepen our understanding of one another.

I met Geoff one time, at PAX east, and he was extremely friendly. I was proud to lend him my mechanical keyboard so he could type loudly on it during the live taping of whatever podcast he was working on there (I think this was before the pylon show).

My deepest condolences to his friends and family. We are all poorer without him.
Unbelievable.  The man was a force of personality on the level of TotalBiscuit in some ways.  I'm completely stunned - I can't fathom the depth of sorrow and pain his loved ones feel if as a community we are this distraught.  

Thanks for all the laughs Geoff - you will be incredibly missed.
The community will always remember him. Gone too soon.
Goeff truly was an Artosis pylon, with him gone... it depowered so much. I loved his calm, his wit, and cynicism.
This past week as been a flood of shit news about the things I love for me...
Rest in peace, iNcontrol.
Ugh.   TotalBiscuit and iNcontrol within basically 1 year :(    Both were 33 years old when they passed away.   Way way too young.   Incredibly hard on the family/friends to process losing a loved one that young.   I can't imagine the pain of having to bury your son/daughter.   I'm floored.I loved listening to him.  He was always so nice, caring, and still the funniest SC2 commentator that has ever done the job....by a mile.   A man who could bench press a truck and yet still deliver amazing humor.Your legend will live on.   The community loved you.  We will remember you fondly.  RIP :(
Registered reddit for the first time, born and raised in a little town from China, I've been a huge fan of Geoff for years, he was such an inspiration, the moment I found about it I was literally ill, wish I had met him, it's truly heartbreaking, the world is different now. God sure envies the talent, rest in peace, legend lives forever!
This comes out of nowhere, christ. Absolutley blindsided.

Rest in peace man. You were a pillar for this community, so many good moments have been tied to you and your personality.
Rest in Peace


Go do SC Kings Heaven edition now
This will get lost in comments, but im sad to see him go. Beyond a good caster he was a good man and his streams were enjoyable to say the least. Now chronoboost your way into the sky and RIP
Really struggling to process this and realizing that he is really gone. I've been going through a few weird but very distinctive stages: being sick to my stomach on the first day, very emotional and cry-ish on the second day, and then randomly ugly crying on the third day. Day 4 now, I'm just grateful that I am part of this awesome community and that we can grieve together and appreciate how lucky we were to have Geoff with us for so long.

I was also very surprised to see just how much Geoff meant to me and how I never realized how much I cared for him. The StarCraft community really feels like a family now, love you all!
I've never played Starcraft and never knew anything about Geoff until I came across a post about his death randomly on the PC gaming subreddit but his death is really fucking with me

Like it's so surreal seeing his final stream and the moment where he mentioned his shortness of breath but shrugged it off, it's crazy how something so simple and seemingly unimportant could turn out to be something life threatening without you even realizing it

Life really is crazy sometimes, at least he got to spend his short life doing all sorts of crazy shit he loved
Can't believe it. Rest in peace
Oh my God
fuck
This is so sad.
god dammit. That truly made me gutted.
I'm reading the words but I can't wrap my head around this. We've lost a pillar. Absolute tragedy for the entire community, his friends, and family.
RIP Incontrol, we love you
[deleted]
What????

&#x200B;

I'm in shock.

And disbelief.

And .... I don't even know what to say.

I loved his casting. He brought humor and personality to each match. I'm devastated right now.
you're shitting me. 

I have no words. Rest in Peace.
What am I even reading. Jesus Christ, rest in peace.
This is like a gut punch, damn. Geoff was the best. He'll never be forgotten.
I'm so terribly sad right now. iNcontrol brought so much charisma and talent to every starcraft broadcast, I really will miss him. TB and him got me into starcraft many many years ago, and now they have both left and I feel so so distraught. My love and well wishes to his family in this difficult period.
I remember watching him, idra*, demuslim playing in the EG house thinking that was the life. You will be missed.
Geoff was a good man, a great man. When I thought of iNcontroL, it wasn't of big moments, but how he always would spend a little extra time to get to know you, regardless of who you are.

I'll always remember the side tea ceremonies we used to have at the sc2 tourneys, Geoff.
A buddy and I drove out to MLG Providence ( i think leenock won that one iirc), I joined the open bracket and ended up playing against incontrol, we were sitting across from each other in the open area, and Anna was next to him and some other EG guys. I ended up proxy stargating him but I wasn't very good, mid masters, and he ended up 2-0ing me, but he was super nice and gave me a ton of tips.

I've been a big fan of his ever since, always watched his streams, Xcom were some of my favorite streams, and his casting at HSC was always awesome. I'm going to miss the dude, he was just a bomb fucking dude.

RIP Geoff, gone but not forgotten.
This feels really strange ... Whether I'm good or i'm feeling bad, i know i can tune to some starcraft tournaments, and there are always these guys and girls, commentating starcraft, having fun, and most importantly, making you feel good because you can laugh and think about the same game that you love. 

And whenever you feel good or bad, you know you can tune to this starcraft world and find all the people and all the pieces that makes you feel at home. That's what i feel whenever i watch any starcraft tournament, home.

&#x200B;

iNcontrol passing away feels like that home has been bruised, and i can feel that wound in me. 

What you content creator/streamers/players create for us, is ultimately as safe home where we can go. Someone leaving that home all of the sudden, makes you realize that you can't take anything for granted.

I haven't played a single match of starcraft for more than 5 years, but i still watch all the big tournaments. Yesterday i didn't really knew why, today i know, it's because it makes me feel at home.

&#x200B;

Thank you Geoff, and all the people involved in this industry!
Lonely scroller through New you aren't alone and know that this response is because of the great man we all knew. I wasn't a friend of Geoff or even played against him but he was a staple of this community.

A real true example of the good nature that this community can embody when it wants to. That's what we lost today and ppl are hurting but never forget what he left with us.

The best community of gamers on the planet and the eSports scene we know today and into the future is thanks in large part to him pushing the envelope all those years ago
I admit I've left this community a while back. Work and life, you know how it is. I would still catch the GSL finals with a friend every now and then, and play co-op once or twice a week, but I hadn't practiced or played ladder in a while. But when I would drop in, it would always be funny to see Geoff hanging around, still doing what he loved. It made me happy to see him sticking to his guns. I didn't know the news about his injury from last year, or his separation with Anna, but it was good to see a familiar face. Even just recently, I saw that him and Artosis had done another episode for their show together. It made me happy and I told myself "Oh yeah, I should check it out, one day..."

&#x200B;

I remember when this community was THE esport. For anybody who was never here during the hay-day when idiot companies put waaaaay too much money into it, it literally felt like we could do anything. ANYTHING. We could make a name for ourselves if we just tried hard enough. And Geoff was one of those people who had "MADE IT". I'm from the Northwest like him (actually from the same town as Husky), and it was always kind of empowering to know that a nerd from Washington loved a game so much that he was able to make a living out of it in video games. Back when the game was just blowing up.

&#x200B;

Watching State of the Game with JP, iNcontrol, Artosis, Tasteless, Sean, Idra it was a goddamn hoot.

&#x200B;

I was also slightly depressed then. I'm not going to say that watching Starcraft and those boys saved my life or anything, but it was always kind of nice knowing that no matter what day, there was some entertainment, be it Dailies, be State of the Game, be in tourneys, whatever, they were just a good bunch of guys to watch.

&#x200B;

I'm not exactly sure what I'm trying to say.

&#x200B;

His death is very real to me and very clarifying. It really makes you think about what is important in life. What you should do with your time here.

&#x200B;

In the end, I'll never know what he was truly like, all I ever saw was what he showed to us, but he seemed like a real guy. Often times he wasn't afraid to just be himself. Sometimes he had to put on that sponsor crap, but often times he was just some kid from Washington that got to lives his best life.

&#x200B;

I guess the most I can say is "Thank you". I'm grateful for all of the good times he provided, and I'm now only left with regret for not having followed you and appreciated you more while you were alive. I will make damn sure to do so with my own friends and family.
I'm having a hard time processing this honestly...
I really really hope this isn't real :(

Edit: seems real, I'm fucking floored. I followed so many of his endeavors throughout the past decade... He was such a funny, intelligent, and vibrant person. He will be greatly missed by so many. :(
This was so sudden, it's hard to believe.  So young and full of spirit.  I kept reading in hopes that it was a joke.
My sincerest condolences to his loved ones. Geoff was a pillar of this community and his dedication and enthusiasm was undeniable. He will be greatly missed. 💔
wtf? I can't believe this.  Way too young to pass.  Such a loss to the community.
....wow....I don't even know now...He will be missed. Almost a year after TB...this happens...two huge figures gone. Can't even comprehend not seeing him cast WCS. It doesn't seem real.
Genna's tweet broke me, trully larger than life individuals, farewell Geoff
iNcontroL used to be a part of my Friday evenings back when I was still attending college. Let me explain: Between 2011 and 2015 I worked as a tutor every Friday. At around 1730 the kids had left the building and I normally was the last person there. I used to meet with friends around 8 pm usually, so I had some time to "waste". Oftentimes, I grabbed something to eat and drink and I just sat down and listened to a nerdy podcast. SOTG, ITG, Meta, RollPlay, you name it. And Geoff played a role in almost every show I listened to. It became some kind of ritual. Work -> Podcast & Chill -> Friends. Every Friday. 

When I think of my college days, I always think of Podcast Friday. Somehow, the ritual kept me afloat. 

Now someone is cutting onions.

RIP Geoff. Thank you for everything.
I got into Starcraft in 2010, but never really played the game. I just enjoyed watching it, first on Youtube with Husky, and then I discovered the tournament streams and started following them more closely.

In the last 4 or so years, iNcontrol was one of my favourite casters. He was a bit brash, but in a way that made him endearing and funny. He would be a bit more straightforward than a lot of other casters, and also crack some inappropriate jokes that made for excellent comedy live on stream.

I felt a real connection with him, and would always enjoy a stream where he was commentating, even if I haven't been following the game as close for a while.

To see him pass is a shock, and it makes me very sad. I feel for the community, who has lost one of the best casters and content creators out there. I feel for his friends and colleagues, who have lost someone they enjoyed spending a lot of their time with. And I feel for his family, who have lost a dear son/brother/nephew/cousin etc.

I will treasure the memories he made, with hilarious commentary and discussions. I'm also very sad that now, if I tune in to a Starcraft tournament, there is no chance he will be there to make it more fun and entertaining.

Thanks for being awesome Geoff, you left us too soon.
Shocking news. RIP Geoff. Used to listen to state of the game every day during my night shift, and he was my favorite person on there. 

[My favorite gif of him from Dreamhack feeling the crowd](https://imgur.com/hrMhk)
God I loved this man. I never met him, but I feel like I knew him so well. The fact that so many others feel the same way is a testament to how profoundly inspiring, hilarious, and genuine he was.

&#x200B;

I'm so fucking sad.
Still doesn't feel real. Usually after I get home from work I play games for a couple hours but this whole week I haven't felt like playing anything really. Just been super down and bummed :(
Hi everyone....

Obviously I'm very late to this, but because of developing carpal tunnel, I still watch a lot of starcraft but I don't play or come to the reddit very often. 

This is absolutely devastating. I can't believe we've lost Geoff... 

There are several casters that I've always felt have brightened my day to listen to, Geoff and Rotti in particular. Geoff, however, was someone I absolutely loved for his ability to use out there metaphors, to say ridiculous things in that straight man voice, and in general use his words to make the small moments of this wonderful game come alive. He was a wordsmith and a comic and a lover of Starcraft, and when he was at the peak of his casting and commentating he somehow folded all those things into amazing analysis. No one can deny that he is one of the people that really made a Homestory Cup feel like something familiar and fun. (Never forget the McDonald's story!)

All that being said, he was a very passionate person and I definitely had a lot of affection for him, despite not knowing him. I will miss him a lot, and I hope he knew while he was alive that he made the Starcraft 2 world a lot better than it would have been without him. 

&#x200B;

Rest in Peace.
I know he was saying he had some blood clotting issues? Likely aneurysm, fatal, sudden, tragic. RIP his legacy will live on, announcer, voice pack, twitch emote sad days :(
I can't believe it. All of a sudden? With no warning? Rest in peace...damn. Such an important figure in starcraft.. the community won't be the same without him.
He was one of my favorite casters it's a sad day.
That came out of fucking nowhere what the fuck.
RIP iNcontrol <3 You brought so many unforgettable moments to us. I'll never forget you.
fuck
First totalbiscuit and now this. 

RIP guys.
I feel so selfish right now because his family must be grieving, but I can't imagine sc2 without him. I've been following him since the start and his humor got me through a lot of hard times. He didn't deserve this...
Dude, he.... he had plans, man. He would talk on steam about plans he had for the future. Shows he wanted to try. The future of his channel.... It's all gone. It feels unreal....
So weird when you feel like a family member passed away and you've never met him in person, a testament to his character...
Damn. Can't believe it. Geoff is one of those streamers that made your day better. He was always trying to make the internet world a better place with his rules about twitch chat. And his streaming commentary in sc2 and 40k was the best. 

Goodbye, Geoff. You had a positive impact on my life. I wish you could have had more time to do the great things you do.
I never met iNcontrol. I had a chat with him online once or twice over the last decate thats it. But I have feel like he was a part of my life. I have watched countless of hours with his incredible wit and amazing sense of humor. And I am sat here crying for the second time after hearing about his death, watching some good old highlights. I cant even imagine how those close to him must feel. I will never forget you, you sarcastic wonderful man! <3
I am so sorry. Geoff was larger than life in a way you should not try to imitate.
My sincere condolences to everyone here grieving incontrol.

I am not going to pretend that I'm a huge follower or him or starcraft. I'm just a casual fan who comes and goes. I was active during Wings of Liberty and saw him in the scene then with Evil Geniuses. Then I came back very recently and have marathon'd a couple of the matches.

I was actually hooked and liked the casting team, they each had their own thing that they bring to the table.

Out of the bunch he has been my favorite, because I kinda see myself in him (well, when I'm at my best at least) and I try to aspire to be more like him - like he's super laid back whilst being knowledgeable and just overall super chill to be with, you could feel that in his commentary.

This loss hit me, like most of us, because it came outta nowhere. I'm only reading now via this thread that he had some complications in the past, I mean sure he had some stuff but he was doing treatment and was working on it... but then outta nowhere this happened... it was surreal, and I still can't fully process it 2 days later.

In closing, I would like to thank you Geoff. You will not read this ever, but you have brought smile to my face during some trying times and you also brought me inspiration as someone to strive for as I have stated above.

Thank you. May you rest in peace.
I don't play or watch Starcraft 2 anymore, but couple of years ago when I was into Sc2 with my friend, when we played all day and night and watched every tournament,  we admired him. He was such a positive person. I'm so sad right now. He will be remembered.
Damn. I've been behind on ASL matches kept off reddit, and found out today, 9 days later.

I was cleaning out some old bookmarks from r/starcraft and saw that Geoff was all over the banner - which I thought was strange considering that a lot have a love/hate relationship with him. Probably some weird meme going on, I thought. Then I saw the announcement, the first seconds I thought "this has to be some joke", but nope.

I remember just a few years back the remastered launch tournament, it got me back into watching Brood War again. Geoff, Nick, Dan and Sean were hilarious in that, in addition to all the other guests. The tournament they had with Larva, the holiday bash... so much fun.

I was glad when he returned to podcasting with Artosis in the pylon show. It made me try to get back into Sc2. Watched a lot of WCS, didn't get me back into Sc2 but damn Geoff was hilarious. 

I listened to the JP podcast back in the day, so many memories... later Geoff made some great videos reflecting on his life so far, he was so conflicted, so passionate, flawed, reflected, but ultimately amusing and entertaining. He had heart, but struggled a bit where to focus his energy. I was looking forward to see what he would end up with, he had a lot of talent.

He was nearly the same age as me. On a personal level it's been a wake-up call to me, to *live* a little more. 

Damn it Geoff. Heaven could wait... thanks for all the memories.
I was away on holiday when i heard the news and it really hit me hard.. Thought about Geoff alot..  Feels like a friend has died or something, but we didnt know each other... So sad.. Been following Geoff for a long time.. Gonna miss him very much.. Thanks for all the memories and laughs.. RIP my brother <3
I just finished watching the pylon show and his stream yesterday. I really hope it’s not suicide man. As someone that struggles with depression this is a kick in the nuts fuck
Absolutely heartbreaking. I cannot believe this. My prayers and thoughts go out to Geoff's family.
I am in utter disbelief in seeing this. Geoff has been a great source of joy with his entertaining casting and his personality has got me into BW and SC2. He will very much be missed.
Man this was not the news I needed to hear Sunday evening. I hope is family is doing okay. Such a blow for the community. RIP Geoff
Day[9]'s memorial stream was so damn rough. But it was beautiful to see everyone come together in such an amazing persons memory. I only met Geoff twice but both times he was wonderfully nice to me, and laughed at my shitty jokes. The world is darker without him in it. He will be missed.
Any way to currently get his portrait? When I hover it says I have to purchase the Casters Invitational to get it but I can't find it in the store. Anyone know?
RIP legend
Rip. smh, I saw the highlight video on youtube and clicked on it right away because I knew it was going to be hilarious. I didn't know it was a tribute until the comments. In my head I even reassured myself to expect more of him, simply because of how funny the dude was, I knew people would love more videos like that. 

&#x200B;

He did video game commentating right and unlike anyone. This is like losing a great comedian to me. He was such a sharp dude, brutally honest, and had that type of humor where you know it doesn't matter who is laughing, if Geoff thinks its funny, he's going to say it. Not to mention how incredibly talented he was at commentating. He was perfect at it. He made being a professional commentator seem effortless and mundane, which just made it funnier when he said something ridiculous, never breaking stride.

Boy will I miss that guy, whenever I think sc2, I know I'll think of iNcontroL in honor.
Rest in peace brother
Jesus fuck I just heard. This is tragic. He was an amazing hilarious human.
[deleted]
I haven't been part of the SC2 community for five years or so but this hit me hard in the stomach. Like I just want to cry.

I will miss him. And I wish I hadn't stopped following him when I stopped playing myself because he truly was a great great personality.

Fuck this sad world.
Rest in peace. your passion and signature sense of humor and content really helped me during hard times. I still can't believe this.
https://imgur.com/93SuK63

This was me asking iNcontroL about a comedy sketch EG did with him and some LoL players a while back. It wasn't a super emotional conversation but I was so surprised and hype to get a response from such a big community member.

I'm a huge nerd as sure are a lot of other people here, and I would somtimes message the big names without ever getting or even expecting a reply.

Getting one from Geoff himself hyped me for a solid amount of time even though it was such a small thing it was HUGE for me.

Sincerely will miss the man and I hope his family and friends are doing well.
I was going through my Starcraft tournament albums and stumbled upon pics of Geoff and thought I'd share. He will be greatly missed :(

These were taken at NASL Finals in 2011

me with him: https://imgur.com/JTfOt

Artosis and Geoff (I'll tweet to Artosis): https://imgur.com/8mTNd
God damn it. 😔 I’m so heartbroken.
I hope so much this is fake omg please
No way, please no.
I had the opportunity to talk and take a picture with him at MLG Orlando years ago, the dude was all smiles and was having a blast just hanging out and talking to fans. He was equal parts humble and downright hilarious, he will be sorely missed.
Who will fill his shoes? Nobody.
We are now at permanent 184 supply to the end of times.
I donated $10 in honor of Geoff to his favorite bulldog charity:

http://www.socalbulldogrescue.org/help-us/donate/
Starcraft just won't be the same. Total biscuit was tragic but we knew it was coming for a while, this is just out the blue.
Never forget an ama he was doing.  I asked, hey bb.  Is it true you can literally rip a vehicle in half.  His response was, car or truck?  I said, car.  He came back with a "yes."  I said, what about a truck then.  He responded with a "yes."  Damn i'm going to miss that guy.  Most interaction i've had with any streamer/personality.  For a game I loved.  He just brought the total package.  I really hope his family is ok.
I'm heartbroken. Even though I don't really follow the Starcraft community anymore, it and especially streamers like iNcontroL was the main reason I began to follow eSports in the first place. So I am sorry that I am a bit late.

My dad died of a blood clot some 6 years ago, when I was just 18. I know first hand of how sudden it seems. However many signs there perhaps are, nothing can really prepare you for the worst to happen. I'm devastated.

On the day my father died, I remember calling a friend and just crying over the phone. People kept coming over to make condolences, people I never really met wanted to hug and everything. I needed to get away, so I took my mothers car and drove over to the friend that I spoke to. This was at the time when I still played a lot of Starcraft. We just sat there, put on some streams. It was, as far as I remember, either iNcontroL's stream or a stream on which he was playing, that finally put a smile to my face. On the day my father died.

I always wanted to tell him that. I looked for him at several Dreamhack events but could never find him. And now I don't get the chance to. I'm just a Danish guy who during years of bullying, and at the hardest time of my life, found solace in streamers like him. My life has since moved on and improved a lot, which I partially attribute to this community. But the fact that he touched a Danish guy so much speaks to the person he was. Rest in Peace.
Does he have any merch? Would like to buy something to memorialize him with
So sad. The community has lost some maturity and self-awareness with his passing.
Tragic news for one of the great content creators in this game. Even as someone who only casually followed the SC scene on Twitch, I always appreciated iNcontroL’s humor and commentary. RIP to a great man.
Is it though? :(
Sincerest condolences to his family, I only found out today when I was watching the GSL group stages. I'm stunned and I never met him and wasn't a major fan, I can only imagine how his friends and family feel
I don't know if it would be gauche, but I feel like it would be awesome if there was another starcraft broodwar get together event with the old crew to remember him - a chance for people to tell Geoff stories, raise money for a charity he believed in, and remember a thing he enjoyed doing so much.
RIP Geoff, you never met me but you have no idea how much of a friend you were to me.
Shit man. I was literally watching his last stream. I feel terrible because I turned it off because I thought he was being kind of a dick to people in chat when people were asking about his dog, and he was being really curt and dismissive with his responses and seemed like he was in a bad mood. Now I'm really sad knowing that he was dealing with some sort of health issues, and that may be what put him in a bad mood. I had no idea that he was fighting these battles behind these scenes.

RIP Geoff.
Wow, this is horrible.
What tragic and shocking news especially at his age. Such a central figure in the community, really going to miss his entertaining casting. Thoughts go out to his family.
What the ungodly fuck.

Fuckin F, man.
I'm just stunned. Geoff was my favorite part of the SC2 scene, and made every occasion he casted more enjoyable and interesting. Feels like losing a friend I never met. Rest in peace, you magnificent bastard.
Watched his streams since the early days of SC2 and learned protoss from him and was able to make top 8 masters. One of my friends knew him so he used to join us for CSGO matchmaking periodically, was always super fun playing with him.. This really hits home, damn.
One of those streamers and commentators where you really feel like you really know the guy. He doesn't even feel like a celebrity, it feels like we've lost a good mate.

R.I.P. iNcontroL.
The StarCraft and Warhammer community has lost one of its best.
Haven't really followed starcraft or incontrol for a few years now. But this made me cry.
In 2012 Incontrol tweeted that he was looking for some people to play Words with Friends. I got on that really quickly and we played against each other almost everday for like a year and half. I just couldnt believe I was playing against one of my favorite progamers. He was a really down to earth guy and I cant believe hes gone. RIP
This is shocking news, I can't believe it. The whole SC2 scene mourns today, he was SC2 in the early days. There was no SC2 without Geoff being involved in some way. 

Every stream, every event, every tournament Geoff was either involved or mentioned every time. An absolute incredible man that brought joy and laughter everywhere he went

You'll be missed burgerman, luv ya
Man. Another reminder that life is fragile and fleeting. I hope his family can get some answers.

I met Geoff at PAX East in 2010 and remember him being a huge guy. I’m 6’1 but he was taller than me. We shook hands and his dwarfed mine. I wondered how he was so good at Starcraft with those hands, heh. He was such a regular guy, he inspired me to switch to Protoss. I started watching his vids and got some of his replays.

En Taro Adun buddy.
Did not expect to see this scrolling through /r/all. Insanely sad news. I'm not much into SC anymore but when I was, iNcontroL was always an awesome presence in the community be it as a player, personality, general community figure, host, etc.

Unreal. Rest in peace man,
One time I made  fun of Geoff's long hair when it was crazy looking and he told me to stop being a dick. One of the few times I actually listened to a streamer/gamer. Geoff was a great guy and I always repected that he was  up front with people.
And when I'm gone

Just carry on, don't mourn,

Rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice

Just know that
I'm looking down on you smiling

And I can't feel a thing
So baby don't feel my pain

Just smile back

Courtesy of Eminem. Listen to his stories and just smile back, guys.
iNcontroL was easily my favorite person in the StarCraft scene. I'd watch tournaments just because he was casting.  I have no words...
Since I saw him play Protoss whenever I got the chance to watch him play...

&#x200B;

En aru'din iNcontroL.

&#x200B;

I hope... this isn't misconstrued as disrespectful. To the Protoss, "En aru'din" is loosely translated as "In honor of" or "In memory of" something. Zeratul would say "En aru'din Raszagal" and Vorazun said it about Shakuras when they lost the planet.

&#x200B;

It was a treat to see him play, and I'm sad to see him go.
I miss you so much already, Geoff. Forever iNcontroL
I'm not usually the one who speaks up when things like this happen...but here I am writing this out with tears in my eyes. Tears for man I never met. 

When SC2 was first released, I wasn't doing too well. Long term relationship just ended and was unemployed with few prospects for work. I was in a bad place emotionally to say the least. Bad thoughts, wanting to hurt myself. 

Searching around for information on how to improve I found out about iNcontroL. (Specifically the series of videos Mr.Bitter made from his own coaching sessions with Geoff) I would tune into his streams occasionally and enjoy myself immensly each time. 

Afterwards I managed to dig myself out of the hole I was in and I credit Geoff's humor and wit with helping me through some really tough times.

RIP iNc, your passion for the things you loved helped me find the confidence to move forward. I wouldn't be here without you.
I saw the post and it's tremendous amount of votes and thought it had to be a video of incontrol that included some next level joke...

Now I'm just crying. 

We lost an icon of sc2... 

Rest in peace.
I saw the headline and I thought it must be a joke. A typo. A bad prank. Jesus man.
But seriously now, has anyone heard from Artosis? I don't mean we the community, but his personal friends and colleagues? Just concerned for him...
When I saw this in the morning checking Reddit, I thought it was a troll post. It’s actually crazy that it hit me so hard. I’m sitting here reading all the comments and he touched so many lives. He will be forever remembered. RIP iNcontroL.
This is nuts, I thought there was going to be some sort of punchline at the end of the tweet. I just saw him hosting the Pylon Show a few days ago. He was one of a kind and will be missed.
No matter how sad this news is the smiles he provided will outlast any pain.
Humanity personified, all the good bits and especially the humor.

Sleep well big man and thanks for the memories.
Didn’t he have a wife? Did they ever have kids?
RIP Geoff and condolences to the family and friends. It was a privilege to have played against you on the ladders during my brief stint with WoL. Your time on this earth was too short. May the memories of you be everlasting in all those that you've touched with your charisma, passion and love of the game.

As someone currently battling blood clots in my own legs, the circumstance of Geoff's passing is a sobering reality check. For those who happen to pass by my comment, please take care of yourselves. Your health really is priceless.
I think Geoff is one of the few people whom many have never met in real-life whose passing will leave on everyone either a strong feeling of numbness or sadness.  


If this is you, then you know someone truly remarkable has left us.
I want to first send my deepest sympathies  to his family and friends.
 
I want to share a little story . Now, I do love Starcraft I think it’s one of the most amazing games in the genre and the lore is top notch IMO. With that being said I barely play Starcraft let alone follow any streamers / content creators/ casters / pro players. I dabble here and there mostly playing Co-op whenever I get the urge.

When SC2 first came in 2010 I remember playing some random 2v2 matches on the ladder because at the time I wanted to actually be good at sc. I was matched with this one guy and we played and won like 3 or 4 matches. We added each other on friends list he was super nice and never raged it was one of the best times I had playing ladder. We played 1 more session a couple days later and that was it, I had quit playing sc.

Fast forward 5 years one of my friends at work was talking about how he is playing SC2 soo much and loving it and how his favorite player is iNcontrol . That name immediately rang a bell. I went home and hopped on sc and sure enough iNcontrol was on my friends list still, the green “online” light was on too. Soo I looked him up and watch various videos of him etc. I thought it was so cool that at one point years ago I played with a legend .  I saw his awesome personality and his genuine love for the game . It really sucks that he passed. To be honest I didn’t really follow him at all besides watching a few videos but for some reason his death is hitting me harder than I would have expected .  Rest In Peace
I still can’t fully process what happened it felt like in a span of a day so much has changed I never was able to play Starcraft but I always enjoyed watching it and Geoff was always was great on the broadcast his humor was great this was actually the first match of Starcraft I ever watch and it extremely sad both of them are now gone they were both amazing pillars to the community and great commentators I just feel
Like rewatching this series over and over  https://youtu.be/hNd9WesNTr8
Holy shit I can't believe this...

He was one of the nicest dudes I've ever met. 

I just stopped by his stream the other day to see how he was doing for the first time in forever too.

RIP Geoff.
I'm so saddened by this news... He was always a blast to hear casting.
Dunno if this is callous, but I'd like to watch his last cast. Does anyone know what his final sc2 cast was?
We hope his family finds peace at this difficult time :( RIP iNcontrol
Holy fuck.

This is so unbelievable that my first thought was "haha this is a troll". My god man.
Fuck. I just found out. He was always the absolute best thing about homestory cup. I love his humor. SC2 casting won't be the same without him :'(
anyone remember the video series that mrbitter did with incontrol? (https://tl.net/forum/user-streams/164284-stream-mrbitter) 
i watched every episode featuring geoff at least 4 times. he had this gift to switch between serious topics and bantering instantaneously.

back in 2010/11, geoff's voice basically taught me starcraft 2, from gold to master. rip man.
It's still hard to believe that he is gone. Watching Asus Rog and him not being there is hard to comprehend. RIP Geoff, thank you for all the laughs and memories.
Rest in peace Geoff, you will be very missed.
I don't know who he is, but I know how I felt with Etika's death. I can't imagine it being any different. I'm sorry ya'll.
Paramedic here.  I dont mean to speculate, but with his struggles with blood clots and DVTs, it's most likely the cause of death.  With how often he travelled while being medicated, it's likely he suffered a stroke or pulmonary embolism.  Both, if not met with quick intervention, can be fatal.  

This is absolutely heartbreaking.  First watched him and Idra in EG back when WOL was new and was blown away by the talent.  Actually served as inspiration to get me into lifting as well.

33 years old.  Only the good die young.  Rest in peace, Geoff.
Holy shit, this is awful.
Fuck. This came out of nowhere and I honestly don't think the SC2 scene will ever be able to find someone to fill this void. What a funny, intelligent person with his own perspective. Thoughts to Barristen and Anna.
Very sad news, Incontrol was a rock in the Starcraft community.  Always loved watching his stream even when he was grumpy and the ribs between him and feardragon always made WCS great.
I've lately been more involved with the WH40k community than the SC2 community. He was an important figure there too. Memory eternal.
I'm in disbelief! This is so sad :(

I've been tempted to rewatch Shoutcraft Kings, they were some of the best tournaments in recent years, but somehow it's always felt too soon after TB. Now... it would just be depressing. Life isn't fair.
When TB passed away the right words came rather easily. But this.... fuck. I.... I dont know what to say. Like everyone else he was someone I always looked up to. I was lucky enough to have met him a couple of times. I dont want to believe this. I really fucking dont.
Just got to work and had a little break, checked reddit and saw this. Thought it was gonna be a funny 'Day9 hit by a car thread' but jesus man...

As much as Geoff and I had different in game personalities, I have always been someone who gives credit to people who do things for the betterment of the scene. 

This went without saying for TB, but Geoff similarly had a unqiue and long standing position in our community as someone we could all relate to. 

I really can't believe this news. This is a huge loss for our community and as shown by the out pouring of love, I really hope we can come together to respect what a pleasure and honestly hilarious guy we were able to have with us. 

RIP fellow protoss brother, gonna miss your commentary.
Thought this was a bad joke at first. Rip.

I had the chance to beet him at blizzcon for a photo and he was the only person that went out of his way to ask me my name. Shows you what a stand up guy he was.
Holy. I dropped off watching the pylon show for a few weeks. What the fuck is this news? It's so fucking sudden.

Dude. I have seen Geoff around since sotg days until now and he will be terribly missed. Man. I never expected to see this news... Not for the next 50 years or so.
I never been hit so hard by a "celeb" death. StarCraft was the first esport to pull me in. This fucking sucks. Rip Geoff!
Why does losing someone I am a fan of in a community I'm a part of hurt more than losing a friend or family member? I never met the man. But followed his career since EG. Laughed along with jp, Day9 and everyone else. Looked forward to his casts. His input on the many Sc2 patches and changes. It's selfish to say, but this hurts. Hurts a lot.
Wow, I hate this. Haven't followed the scene for a couple years but I used to watch him play and cast events in some of my darkest times. Him talking about horses was one of my girlfriends introductions to what I found funny when we first started dating. Condolences to Anna and all of his friends. Lost a good one this weekend.
 It feels so strange to break down and sob for someone you never met. It just goes to show how profound an impact you can have one someone. [~~@~~**iNcontroLTV**](https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV) was such an inspiring and hilarious man. He will never be forgotten. My heart goes out to everyone who is grieving his loss.
One of the biggest StarCraft players for me. Grew up watching EG and following Geoff almost every step of the way. Very sad to lose someone so loved by the community, known throughout many branches of eSports.

Thank you for the memories Geoff.
Geoff took the time to listen to me when I was a total stranger asking for 5 minutes between casts. I've told him it might seem strange to hear all that admiration, but that it was important to say in person, because anyone can write anything on the internet. We spoke about the internet, my Quebec accent and after I was done praising him, he simply said ''Thank you'' , and immediately  found stuff to praise back in the small bits of conversation he heard me say about voluntering in europe. That presence and generosity is rare.

&#x200B;

What is not rare, just absolutely unique, is what I have praised about his character in that conversation. I've said he was willing to say something sightly unpopular just because it seemed more accurate to him. He was a insighfull balance to the hype machine. He has shown that you can love truth enough to shoot yourself in the foot many times, and still be successfull, and admired, and a role model.

Please dude, that was too soon. I haven't fulled grasped how to be a man yet.
Geoff was one of the coolest people I've met from Starcraft. He was really unlike anyone else, never failed to put a smile on my face. I still can't believe this is real. I can't think of anyone that will be missed more. He made a big impact on me early on in Brood War and that continued to this day, just a few days ago I was enjoying watching him begin a new DnD campaign. I wish I had gotten to know him personally more, I have fond memories running into him on the forums back in the BW days. He's just one of the funniest, earnest people I've ever come across in gaming.
That feels fucking bad man, jesus.
He was such a uniquely talented person. So hilarious and actually a good role model. I was so happy when he stopped competing and started casting, he was so good at it, so much energy.

I remember playing him on ladder near the end of his pro career. Made me so excited, back in highschool I told my mates but no one played sc2.

I'll make sure to remember you, alongside TB, as legends. Characters bigger than life yet so accessible. RIP.


I wanna leave this quote from the classic "Wet dick" teamliquid thread here. 
 January 22 2009 20:38 CET

"I hate it when i sit at my computer and post on this forum when suddenly my dick launches out of my pants and makes me type incorrectly.. starts mashing ont h legnskzsnmklbf oh fuck there we go again."
This thread is already almost 8 hours old, but I hope someone reads this. Geoff was an inspiration to many, and a friendly face to everyone. Between Totalbiscuit last year, Etika so recently and now Geoff, the gaming community has received blow after blow as of late.

It's important we we honor their memories with the love and laughter they deserve. Times like these seem to be becoming all too frequent. I love this community, and I'm sad I so narrowly missed meeting him a year or so ago.
This is devastating. It has hit me really hard.

I have known geoff for a majority of my life. He was such a great person. I have always looked up to him.

rip sir. Some of his last words:

18 Jul 2019 https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV/status/1151641905345597441
"Not always the case but in my 33 years:

find the stuff that brings you joy and pursue it. Guard it and earn it. It’s fleeting and finite but worth the endeavor if true.

things that bring pain and anger are pursuing you or are at least always nearby. Avoid em.

Especially in the age of social media it’s so easy to wallow in self pity, jealousy and negativity.

It’s always there if you wanna just go look at it and read it. That shit is poison. Doesn’t mean we bury our head but monitor what and how much you consume.

It becomes you."
I accually cried today even though never met him. He was so damn funny on the streams and a world class commentator. Confidence personified. I looked up so much to his character and charisma.

Thanks for the many, many laughs over the years. Great loss, its unfathomable he seemed so immortal.
During a very rough time in my life I sent him a message about how encouraging his attitude was for me, and how he was a role model with how he carried himself. He sent back a fairly lengthy reply that absolutely melted my heart.

The world has lost one of its greatest champions for kindness and one of its largest hearts.
Hands down my favorite esports personality, and up there for favorite entertainer. Incredibly bummed out, but at least we got to experience the wonder that is geoff, and for that I'm grateful.

May there be no missile turrets and spore crawlers in heaven :')

edit: I want to 3D print a dark shrine and hide it in the middle of the woods, I like to think that a guy who made it his mission to make people laugh would appreciate that one.
There are a lot of posts here already, and mine is but one in a sea of people shocked by this, but I feel compelled to share how I  am beyond dejected by the loss of such a positive soul.  Even though I never met or hung out with Geoff in person, he's been a friend on my second monitor for years.  He kept the SC2 scene lively and entertaining, kept me trying my hand again and again at XCOM2, and he is the person I think of whenever I see a bulldog.  Of all the amazing icons we have lost in eSports, this one hits me the closest to home as I entered and grew more involved in eSports on the back of Geoff's commitment, passion, and spirit.  


You will be missed, my dude.
I keep hoping Geoff is just sleeping and someone hacked his Twitter and he’ll just wake up and be like wtf? 

:( damn it, why does it have to be the best, nicest people that we lose so abruptly and tragically at such young age?

I’ll miss you Geoff, you were amazing and I hope you will rest easy in the arms of the God Emperor.
Damn, this morning going to work i was browsing reddit and found this, ever since iam utterly shocked and feel so broken.

 Starcraft is my second family and while i never met Geoff this feel to my like i lost a brother. Its an enormous blow on the starcraft scene. His personality is the kind that you cant replace, not even close. 

I dont know what i can do to help the community , but one thing is for sure, if the pylon show goes on ill donate them a fcking month salary of mine. 

&#x200B;

Ps: Cant imagine the feelings of Artosis, Rotti , Tod and the rest of the pillars of the game
He was the 1st name I wanted to see as a caster and host at every big event. This is devastating as a fan - INcontroL was all about Starcraft, even after it took its step back from the limelight - he wasn't looking to move to a greener pasture.

He said and did so many things the community connected with. 

This is devastating and Sc2 won't ever be the same without this man.
I'm going to do 33 front squats in the gym today for you Geoff.  Love, a random protoss guy in Missouri that you were able to touch.
Fuck. I wonder what happened
Fuck man, that sucks. Could be something he picked up in hospital, or a complication from that infection. This is an absolute bodyblow for the SC2 community outside of korea, he was one of the main anchors of that casting scene.
Im just a casual almost "retired" sc2 player, i guess my cap was plat but i've watched a lot of pro sc2 cos its imo the most entertaining esport. iNcontroL was one of my favorite people playing when i played a lot, and later one of my favorite casters/analysts, im so so sad to hear this. I wish a lot of strenght to people close to him, and also on the whole community.
I had many interactions with Geoff through his streams and other channels of communication over the years since SC2's release, many of which were not game-related at all.   

He was one of the good ones. The Starcraft esports scene would not be where it is without him and his positive outlook. He was the Yang to Idra's Yin, and could fit nearly any role you put him in. 

A true pillar of the community.
  


"The best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be."

En Taro Adun, iNcontroL.
Totally shocked.. he was way too young for this. Rest in peace Geoff, we love you.
I was out of the scene for like 5 years. Recently came back. I forgot how much I like the community. I missed TB passing and now iNcontrol. It’s just sad. RIP you shall be missed.
I salute him.
Good bye buddy <3

&#x200B;

Always will be my favorite player / personality.   How many people like this would come to a small time tournament in WA and play / hangout.  Even though I only met him twice.  It seemed like he still remembered me when I would tweet him. 

&#x200B;

This is super, super sad. :(
Just adding my comment to the pile. First I thought it was a joke. Heart racing I delved into the comments just to see it was not.

I didn't know you but will miss you like I did. Having you on a show was a primary reason I watched it in the first place; with passion, heart, and wit that I admire.

My sincere condolences to the community and those that stood Geoff close.

Rest in peace!
You will always be remember iNcontroL, you impacted my life during StarCraft and I always admired you - keep doing what you do wherever you are now.  You will live on through the lives you touched and your story will forever be a part of eSports history for you alone helped contribute to what it is today and what it continues to become.  


Geoff 'iNcontroL' Robinson, you loved, lived, and will continue to inspire.  An eSports icon we can all learn from.
Oh man. The sorrows. Did they say why he got divorced?
So sad!
I don't know how to put it to words, but I don't feel overbearing grief at this moment. I do however feel like something massive is suddenly missing like going outside on a clear night to find that the moon is gone, nowhere to be found. It's really hard for me to swallow as in the past year we lost TB and now Geoff, two icons that surpassed just SCII hosts. People I feel now that I will have a hard time living up to the example they set for us. Goodbye Geoff, the world is less without you.

In spirit of everyone's sharing of favorite moments of Geoff I'd like to mention the first season of RollPlay Swan Song where as a player he boarded a vessel and murder hobo'd the crew. Might not be a gut buster like everyone is sharing but always stuck with me over the years. *(Caliente! Caliente! Caliente!)*[https://youtu.be/zetNHlxcvqA?t=30m40s](https://youtu.be/zetNHlxcvqA?t=30m40s)
This is terrible. It makes you want to just go and hug your family and friends and be thankful for every day because life is short. 

Geoff was charismatic, had great stage presence and was witty. But you could always tell he was also a person of integrity, substance and character. Those are rare qualities to have all at the same time.
I feel like I've lost a brother. RiP. You miss be missed
Wow. This is really depressing news. I spent countless nights watching sc2 streams commented by Geoff. He helped make late night studying during university not so shitty. 

I had the pleasure of crossing Geoff a couple times on ladder. Even though I never met the guy, I feel like I knew him. He was such a great personality and positive human being. I am deeply saddened. 

RIP man.
Wtf this feels so surreal, i'm so lost for words.

R.I.P. the best caster of sc !
I genuinely hope it was quick and painless, not all PEs are. It's still difficult to grapple with the fact that he's gone, let alone someone who was as fit and focused on health as he was.
Fuck, I'm going to miss this smart ass. RIP dude. Thanks for the laughs over the years.
Fuck man. I was just watching the WCS Summer series on YouTube on my lunch breaks. To hear that he's passed shocks me. 33 is way too young. Rest in peace Mr Incontrol you will be missed.
Yikes, this is why you take extra care, when you play you sit for a long time.
So sad
one of the biggest reasons I got into SC2 and still watch it to this day despite not playing. Was super disappointed he missed HSC but glad he was getting the necessary treatment, but passed due to a blood clot. Everyone try to be as healthy as you can and walk around every hour
This is so sad, he was part of my SC2 experience from the start.
Damn thats nuts. Almost feels like a friend died. Like 2 weeks ago I was looking at random twitch clips of incontrol impersonating various people in the starcraft community. Geoff was legit funny. Wish he couldve had more years
Rest in peace.
Yeah, that's sad.
I really appriciated his content for years. I'm really sorry to hear this news.
Very sad. I watched a lot of his games back when SC2 was more popular. Condolences to his friends and family.
I'm thinking about the good old days. I did a drawing for him long ago on my old account and he loved it ;_;

https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/jjwvp/geoff_incontrol_robinson/
Still can't believe it. Dona eis requiem.
I had no idea until tonight. Wow.
My favourite caster. Objectively the funniest caster and that is what I enjoy the most in a cast.
Holy shit. He is the same age as me.... I'm a doctor and the doctor part of me is taking over so the SC2 fan part of me doesn't have to grieve...  and trying to think what the heck could kill a 33 year old healthy guy....
Holy shit....Damn it. RIP Geoff.
Wow I can’t believe that. I’m in pure, utter shock. His humor and passion will be greatly missed in the world. Rest in power. Unfathomable.
This is shocking and terrible. He will be greatly missed.
Rest In Peace
No way? Can't believe it..
Wow, that's fucking heartbreaking.
WOW.... RIP
:(
I'm utterly speechless....this is so unbelievably sad.
What??? I cant believe that man...
What in the fucking fuck...

Man...I'm shaking and tearey-eyed. Geoff WAS starcraft for me. I'm heartbroken.
Damn,.... Got shivers reading that the news was real. Thanks for the memories. RIP Geoff
Holy shit.
Unbelievably sad, absolutely tragic. Rest in piece
I'm not a starcraft person but I've seen Geoff a few times on the Co-Optional podcast. He will be missed.
RIP
Rest in peace. Just tragic.
RIP 😢
im shocked right now....

Rest in peace you beautiful bastard :(
wtf so out of no where, this is so horrible
rest in peace
what...
I'm in pure disbelief. I feel so lucky to have spent a few minutes chatting to him at HSC last year. A pillar of the community, more than that even. Rest in peace man.
Well this is news I didnt expect to see... 
May his loved ones find solace in knowing what a huge impact he had on so many people.
Oh my god...how is this real. Fucking heartbreaking. Can't imagine what his loved ones are going through.
At age 33. That is scary to think about. RIP Geoff ' iNcontroL ' Robinson.
I almost don't believe it. I feel like every time I tuned into his stream he was talking about bettering himself, or improving himself, or practicing this thing or that thing. Doesn't feel like that was worth very much right now, but I'll probably carry a lot of what he talked about with me for a long time.
Brilliant dude, Listened to and watched so much of the guy. You don't realize how connected we all are as a community until something like this happens, I'm quite upset over it. Condolences to everyone close to Geoff.
One of the pioneers and titans of our game. I loved him so much on those anniversary casts with Day9/Artosis/Tasteless, and he cracked me up to no end. RIP
Geoff was one of the reasons I first started watching esports on twitch,and im 34 years old so its been ALONG TIME...I just now saw the liquid retweet of his news and im in disbelief. from his player days to his casting,its been a hell of a ride...your not going to find many people who can fill his shoes. theres plenty of SC2 talent by far,but of his caliber....not by much
wtf  
I thought this was some bad joke or some shit....i'm speechless
sudden illness??
Just brutal. Really makes me sad, man.
I really thought this was a bad joke but damn, I just can't believe this. He is such a big bag of fun. This is too early for him.
This really sucks. The community will really miss him. It's a shame he isn't here to see all the love that he is receiving. A controversial figure but a much needed one in our community. RIP Geoff.
Really sad I'll never be able to read his tell all book. One of the funniest in all of esports
I'm so sorry for the SC community.
Tremendously sad and way too young.

Here's to you, Geoff. From your [bench press](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHaDsqKZ-gM), to [your interviews](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JmmVTVKvtk), you were the funniest man I ever met in esports. 

Rest well.
the mcdonnalds story https://youtu.be/9ctID9ODy2k
I am broken

This guy volunteered his time to a charity project I worked on - parachuted into the thing with little preparation and performed live, hilarious, uninterrupted comedy for 3+ hours. As a result of that success, I got emboldened and did some other SC2 projects, got a couple job opportunities, and made friends that I stick with to this day.

Followed his comedy and projects over the last section of my life, he had the ultimate ability to make life seem more sensible, and less lonely.

Thanks Geoff
Irreplaceable...this is so sad. I don't think I've ever shed a tear for someone I didn't know, until today. 

Foreign SC2 won't be the same without you, Geoff.  If there's a Valhalla for gamers, I know you're there now.
Absolutely tragic. SC2 fans like myself have spent countless hours listening to Geoff's insight, humor, and banter. I can't believe he's gone. Thanks for talking with me at MLG years ago. Thanks for responding to tweets. Thanks for everything, Geoff. RIP
I'm shook.. I saw it on twitter first and couldn't believe it. Spent many hours watching his stream over the years on and off. May he never be forgotten in the community.
What the fuck I was just shooting the shit with him on Twitter the other night
Today the world lost a great man and excellent role model to us all. The Starcraft community wouldn't be the same without his contribution. Rest in peace friend, watching WCS won't be the same without you.
Good god this is horrible. I was so into the sc2 scene 2010-2013. This really hurts to read. Rest easy, Incontrol.
None of my friends in my age group have ever died. We have lost parents, but never someone in my life where it made my heart realize everyone and anyone could suddenly vanish. I will use Geoff's death as motivation and inspiration to never leave a relationship hanging, to never take for granted the continued presence of a friend, or the opportunity to make things right. It is time to go tell a lot of people how much i love them.
:(

Rip Geoff. He didn't know me but I know him very well.. Devistated.
Feels so surreal someone youve never met dying and it hurting like it was someone close to you. Rest In Peace big guy
Never cried to a "celebrity" death before. I grew up playing SC2, and thinking Geoff was the funniest badass dude around. He'll be sorely missed. I'm in shock.
Homestory Cup is where his personality really was able to shine. Not having to filter what he could say.
I'm not a fan of StarCraft but I just need to put it out there that even when I wasn't invested in the game he most played, I still knew about iNControl and how amazing of a person he was. He was one of my favorite guests on the co-optional podcast, always had insight on different topics and was so obviously kind hearted and compassionate. This is really heart wrenching. His impact wasn't just on StarCraft but on all of gaming.
> Not always the case but in my 33 years: 
> 
> - find the stuff that brings you joy and pursue it. Guard it and earn it. It’s fleeting and finite but worth the endeavor if true. 
> 
> - things that bring pain and anger are pursuing you or are at least always nearby. Avoid em.

> Especially in the age of social media it’s so easy to wallow in self pity, jealousy and negativity. It’s always there if you wanna just go look at it and read it. That shit is poison. 
> 
> Doesn’t mean we bury our head but monitor what and how much you consume. It becomes you.

-Geoff 'inControl' Robinson (July 17th, 2019)

https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV/status/1151641905345597441
Absolutely tragic. My heart really goes out to his friends, family, and fans.

I just wanted to add a twitter post of his that I found that seems pertinent today, and as we process this in the days to come.

https://twitter.com/iNcontroLTV/status/1032744621858684928
StarCraft: HD was officially announced by Blizzard

[removed]
HOLY FUCK THEY ACTUALLY DID IT

edit: [link to full youtube trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypU9j4w3_w)
Now i can lose in hd!
From the website:

>Highlighted Features


>Remastered Graphics

>Revised Dialogue and Audio

>Blizzard Friends and **Matchmaking**

>Classic StarCraft Gameplay

BROODWAR MATCHMAKING <3
I love you guys. No one I know plays starcraft, you all my fwends. 
OMG LAN!!!!!!!!!
rip starcraft 2 in korea lol
[deleted]
More info here:
https://starcraft.com/
[deleted]
HNNNNNNNNGHHHHHHHHH
i think that patch and making it free is to pad sales ... and it's AN AMAZING sales move
Same UMS???
Possible return of IdrA? :D
[deleted]
WHERE ARE THE ONES TIRED OF POINTLESS RUMORS? SUCK IT 
For some, this isn't a big deal. But for some of us it's on the level of SC2 announcement. Taking BW up to modern age, in term of match making, a bit grapich update but still keeping the old gameplay style, is amazing news!
Time to come back!
http://imgur.com/0ZNcUkT
So, is Starcraft Remastered gonna be free or just the updated BW?

Edit, from the devs interview:

>Players will be able to connect and play, watch replays, or share saved games seamlessly between free Brood War, and the SC:R upgrade. It’s all the same client! Each player and observer in the game can opt to play in standard or high def individually, and you can switch instantly and seamlessly at the press of a button right inside the game or while watching a replay.
EVOLUTION COMPLETE.
Ok so question since it's relevant right now. I used to play StarCraft ten or so years ago. I loved the shit out of all the custom games like DBZ  campaign and the like. Does StarCraft 2 have similar stuff? 
Awesome.... am i greedy to want d2 also? 

Just let me play bw and custom games.
What's wild is that seeing it in HD is how I remember seeing it back then. 

Chatrooms...?

I spent my days as a kid in a RotK clan (Clan Shu wew!) 
I  HAVE TEARS
So when are we getting an HD Warcraft?
Please tell me they're gonna do the same thing with Diablo II: LOD.  I'd so play the shit out of it over Diablo III.
Black Sheep Wall


Food for thought


Power Overwhelming


Who is your daddy


One of these does not fit, but I fucking love this!!!
I hope they can remaster Diablo 2 with the same graphics.
Holy shit.

I heard absolutely nothing about this before (haven’t played SC2 for a while and haven't been following it), but I just learned about this a few minutes ago and I can't be more pumped for it. Starcraft is one of my three or so favourite games ever, and I'm so happy to hear about this.
[deleted]
Alive game boys.
(a) modern matchmaking and the ability to rebind hotkeys is amazing.  No more pressing "p" to make probes!

(b) I can't wait until the SC 2 haters and balance whiners who have never played Broodwar realize what bullshit is possible in Broodwar
This is exactly what I was hoping for, cannot contain the excitement 
[deleted]
EVOLUTION COMPLETE.
[deleted]
And I'm a kid again.  Thanks Blizzard!
Basically just Brood War with cleaned up graphics.

Looks cool.
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r61k2yw?feature=playlist)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[StarCraft Remastered Announcement](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypU9j4w3_w)|[+1085](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff450b?context=10#dff450b) - HOLY FUCK THEY ACTUALLY DID IT  edit: link to full youtube trailer
[We want LAN](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5bsJmNJKW8)|[+38](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff4ru2?context=10#dff4ru2) - WE WANT LAN!
[StarCraft: Brood War Pathfinding and Micro with Day[9]](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWvoMrYCQBU)|[+27](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff6gtv?context=10#dff6gtv) - Literally the only BW content he's produced in the past 3 years is this video.
[Firebathero Ceremonies (We need more of this in SC2)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JU5b2xvvjbE)|[+9](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff4jga?context=10#dff4jga) - Live footage of Korea
[The Outhere Brothers Don't Stop Wiggle Wiggle Official Video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oB5zqLeuAPc)|[+7](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff6wiq?context=10#dff6wiq) - I was wondering the same thing some years ago.  Finally found it.
[Starcraft: Impossible Crepuscular 1 of 5](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewGSCbMCLhI)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dffb2as?context=10#dffb2as) - impossibles were the best  crepuscular was the good shit if you got decent team.
[Hell, It's about time.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J6-3l3hCm0)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/61k2yw/_/dff4rnr?context=10#dff4rnr) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J6-3l3hCm0
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r61k2yw?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Will starcraft remastered include broodwar?
Whale damn...
I'M SO HAPPY. PLEASE HAVE MATCHMAKING.
Really glad that's it's going to be a patch and that the Fish server is staying up, keeping the current community in tact. 
Age of Empires II: HD Edition
I have not been this hyped for anything in a while
I hope remaking the original Starcraft in HD means they'll finally go back to doing more RTS and make Warcraft 4.
AHHHHHHHH PLAYGUUUUUUUUU
Plz Blizz give us a WC3 TFT remake, best custom maps of any RTS ever made, loved that game so much
Maybe it's because I didn't play SC1 but the graphics still look terrible. But its nice they did this
Instant buy.
I'LL CALL DOWN THE THUNDER, YOU REAP THE WHIRLWIND.
http://i.imgur.com/nR8aEPK.gif
>StarCraft UHD

FTFY

Get hype bois.
WOW THEY DID IT THAT LOOKS AMAZING
So excited, cannot wait! So many childhood memories right here, looking forward to reliving and renewing them, as well as creating a few new ones too, hopefully! :)

That being said, I do wonder if any changes beyond aesthetics and fitting for modern graphics will be made. I see they have kept the 12 unit selection limit. What about pathfinding? Do they plan making any adjustments to certain units? (cough dragoons cough goliaths cough) Or will they keep all of that the same, since navigating units with less-than-stellar pathfinding is considered a skill in of itself, and part of the game's innate charm and gameplay?
[deleted]
Honestly wonder what the success this will be. Would hope that an extremely active ladder and big user base gets involved with it. I didn't play Starcraft until 2010 when sc2 came out, but I'd love to see Starcraft 1 be a dominant esport again. Obviously in Korea it will prob do great, but NA & EU speaking I have no idea.
Holy shit this is happening?!?! What a pleasant surprise!
I don't even play StarCraft and I'm hyped for this. Grats to all you guys who stuck around, and will now wreck everyone in MM lol
Can they do this to Warcraft III as well? ;_;
Whos gonna spend way too much money on this for nostalgia and stop playing after one campaign match?
[Live footage of Korea](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JU5b2xvvjbE)
IT'S BACK. OH BABY. 


HOLY SHIT LADS THIS IS IT!
Looks really clean, loving it :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J6-3l3hCm0
well time to return to starcraft
Every singe BWHD conspiracy theorist must be convulsing in nerd chills.

IT HAPPENED, r/starcraft , THET ACTUALLY DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LFM Sunken 10 way. No stealing 
3v3 Zero clutter NR 20
Blah. I'd rather have sc1 story/campaign done in sc2 graphics/engine. 
How the fuck am I supposed to go to sleep after this...I have work in 7 hours.
This is what they should have done with Diablo, not a event in d3... :/ 

Looking forward to it as fk! 
"Hell, It's about time." 
So fucking awesome
LAN!?!?!?!?!?!?
Can't wait to mind control SCVs and have 400/400 population again hehehe
I can't be the only one who expected it (the campaign and such)  to be updated to the sc2 engine or something similar right?

Anything more than a little resolution bump on the sprites and modern system support.
Announced on mother's day, available for father's day, my marriage is gonna take one for the team.
Why is this a big deal? Graphics don't look that much better.
I can die a happy man 
I wonder if any plans for linux support?
Good to see Starcraft on /r/all again :).
I just saw this post at the front page... why play this over SC2?
tfw r/starcraft hits the top of reddit
[deleted]
It looks the same, lol. Why not give it SC2 graphics? 
StarCraft in /r/all pretty amazing.

 I haven't been able to follow the scene, last I watched was last years Global Finals and the korean one where neeb won.

 Its great to see that the game I love for all these years is still alive and kicking.
StarCraft was always HD to me.
I need Open.World.RPG.1.28 in my life again. Or whatever the fuck it was called
Just when I thought I was done spending money on Blizzard, they find a way back into my heart and wallet. Well played Blizzard. Well played.
The HD version is basically how starcraft looks like according to my memory.
3 v 3 BGH?? HELL YEAH
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh,

+1 for Diablo 2: HD

Pls take my money bliz
I'll go out and be the one to say it is ugly as sin because it stuck to the same exact models, and BW models are fucking ugly as sin. 

People who love love love how broodwar looks, will love it. 

People who loved Broodwar but even thought most of the models looked ugly back in 1998-2002, like myself will think it's still ugly.

It's awesome to get a ladder and other modern features added to the game... I did not think they were just going to take some insanely ugly models and just up their resolution a bit. 

Especially things like the ground in the maps, the multiple units selected portraits, the UI... 

The updated the 1998 graphics to look like 2003 graphics basically. 
Alive game AngelThump
The beauty of it is being F2P, god I pray we have the super old menue screen still, I want to see that big black and green chat rooms :)
will my collection of maps that I've saved for over 12 years be portable Q.Q
so, um,

IS IT TOO LATE TO GET INTO STARCRAFT?!?!?!
hype!!!!!
Here's a better trailer link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypU9j4w3_w
so, did blizz just kill shildbattery?
Everything about this is FUCKING AMAZING. I hoped that just some of these changes would get implemented NOT FUCKING ALL OF THEM holy shit!
YES! Starcraft is the only pc game I was ever able to get into, didn't even like the sequel so I've been playing the same damn game for so long now, glad it got a little update so I can keep playing!
I haven't been following the Esports for Starcraft but I wonder if some former pros will come out of retirement to try their hand. Maybe some companies would sponsor old-school tournaments.
So only gameplay change they making is 16:9 aspect ratio??
Definitely buying this. Though as a kid i was way more into WC2 and WC3. Hoping for a sequel someday but a remaster will do....
Sigh, means I'll have to tear it up with Terran again. 
I missed StarCraft SO MUCH
Didn't people already remake SC campaign in SC2?
Now bring back Diablo :-)
If EA could do something like this for command and conquer that'd be greeeeeeeeaaaaaaat
NOW DO THIS WITH DIABLO 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can I finally select more than 12 units?
Melee HD nextt?
FUCK YES! I was addicted to Everquest when SC:BW was at its prime, so I never played it beyond maybe ten minutes at a friend's house.  After being huge into the SC2 scene from 2010-2013 or so, I have always regretted missing out on Brood War. Instant day one purchase for me
Time to grind Broodwar games 24/7 until the end of time.
The soundtrack! THE SOUNDTRAAACK!!!!!!
A few questions:

* Are they going to fix the shitty 90s net code and pathing AI?

* Are they going to raise the 12 unit select limit?

Hey /u/RJCtv,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
This better not be an early april fools joke. My life for Aiur ;_;
Does anyone know why they didn't use SC2's graphic engine ?
my inner kid is crying with joy right now
I was pumped for this but it looks like garbage.
i'm hardly seeing a difference here graphically. they couldn't add lighting and effects that are more modern?

i find it odd that people are excited here. just go play the original and save your money.
Warcraft 3 next, right? If not it, then the first 2 games? 

I'd also love a D2 remaster. 
Now if we could get Warcraft 3 remastered, I'd be happy. 
Do we really get chatrooms?
Now they just need to create Diablo II HD...
I would be excited, but Starcraft and  Brood War just feel clunky and dated after playing Starcraft 2.
honestly it's cool that they did this but starcraft is just...well if they don't ever do anything new in starcraft it doesn't matter coz everyone will still be playing starcraft 1   
kinda disappointing that resources went into this instead of making something new tbh, remasters are just cash grabs 
As someone who loved SC1 more than anything at the time... I really see no reason to play it over SC2. The quality of life improvements in SC2 alone make me want to never go back to SC1. 
blizzard should've just come out and said it..." We gave blizzard north a call and they gave us some direction"
Awesome! Diablo 2 next!!
Modern feature "always online" "because the game needs it to work, until pirates crack it within a day proving otherwise"
>Mutas stack


Jizzing
Oh shit! I'm constructing more pylons in my pants right now! 
Cool, sounds a bit like AOE:2 HD in the way they've gone about it. Better graphics, modern resolution support and improved matchmaking systems rather than any major gameplay changes/improvements. Think it's the right way for them to have goner about it, in the end they gotta cater to those diehards who already play sc1 or it'd be a bit pointless. 
Will it have Use Map Settings?
Too bad their greatest game, Warcraft II, can't get the love it deserves.
I hope the custom map editor is comprehensible to the common player.
Big Game Hunters here we fucking go!!!!
Now we just need WC3 Remastered 
I'll stick with [mass recall](https://www.sc2mapster.com/projects/starcraft-mass-recall)
"I didn't understand chat-channels. Chat channels are almost like a guild in wow for moste of these people... SO moments like that added clarity... to what we want to maintain"

/ Senior producer of classic games at Blizzard,  Pete Stilwell , 2017

"Do you really want chatrooms?"

/ Frank Pearce, Blizzard founder, 2010
So when is he WC3 Remaster happening?
Can we get that diablo remastered 
Would be cool if Blizzard also released the source code for the game.
We need this guy to come back https://youtu.be/eWZYATP1IR4

KIM GA EUL SO BEAUTIFUL
When Starcraft HD is released before Melee HD

I'm excited
Finally I'll have people to play defence games with again!
Anywhere I can find good terran stragegies for classic starcraft? I haven't played in ages but will definitely be having some nostalgia LAN matches with friends this summer.

Kudos to Blizzard. Now if they remaster D2 : LoD(i know its a different animal and not likely at all) I'll never have to leave my computer again!
I watched this thinking is that it? It doesn't look any better... Then I realized twitch was streaming at 480p. 

I changed the setting to 1080 and was like, there you go! :)
I first saw a still shot of the new grapics and thought "this is exactly the same from when I played as a kid..."

Then I saw the slider and WHOA.
I'm excited,but was this something so many people wanted?
Have any pro players had any concerns regarding the the screen size. Does anybody thing seen that small extra stuff on the sides will impact gameplay in any way
Blizzard Ruling on Hearthstone esports: player banned for supporting Hong Kong in his interview, winning prize withheld, and both casters fired. Is this a risk for Starcraft esports too?

 At blizzcon Blizzard is gonna announce their next expansion SC2: Wings of not so Liberty
This needs to blow up a little more, please. Prize money shouldn't be on the line for saying something pro hong kong.

Edit: I know it's blown up now, you all don't have to remind me lol
> While we stand by one’s right to express individual thoughts and opinions, 

That's EXACTLY like saying "We stand by one's rights to express individual thoughts and opinions, **BUT**" ...which means they actually don't stand by any such thing.

As evidenced by the big letters of "**comments are disabled**" right below that.
ok no blizzcon ticket for sure.
O'Gaming relieved that Hong Kong are already eliminated in Nation Wars.

But what if a Chinese player was to make a PRO-Chinese political statement during a StarCraft tournament... 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔
[deleted]
This essentially shows that Blizzard doesn't hesitate to bend its rules to accommodate the will of mainland China. 

Not only would this be a risk for anyone intending to support Hong Kong, but also Starcraft has had many successful Taiwanese players in the past - for example Sen - which also doesn't have a great relationship with China.

Anything that's seen as "politically unfavourable", the players and casters could get punished for.
Assuming Blizzard sticks by this, I'll never buy a thing from them ever again.
Fuck. You. Blizzard.
You for fucking real, blizzard?
What a joke, I’m an expat living in Hong Kong and seeing all these American corporations silence and oppress people because they want their Chinese audience is disgusting..
Damn man that last South Park episode was more true than I realized...
Read as: "Blizzard commits hate crime against Hong Kong citizen".

Blizzard claims they offend China? Is this not Blizzard offending all of Hong Kong? lol
What's tremendously unfortunate about this situation is that the idea that "money talks" literally does not apply. We cannot vote with our wallets in this situation, because even if a very generous 33% of Western customers stopped buying Blizzard products altogether forever because of this (and we all know the number isn't going to be that high even initially, and over the long term even lower), that number *pales* in comparison to the money Blizzard loses if their company gets banned in China. Blizzard is weighing here a choice between a small portion of their Western market and *ALL OF CHINA*. I hate to say it, but the concept of voting with our wallets is null.

That said, we should still do it. I encourage all of us to do whatever we can to show Blizzard that these actions are far from acceptable, and perhaps Blizzard will grow a conscience. This is such a despicable action that Blizzard has taken, and I desperately hope that they at the very least soften it. My hopes aren't high, though.
 [The irony](https://imgur.com/a/sEzSsho)
This makes me want to stop playing Blizzard games altogether. We need to boycott the company. Activision-Blizzard have no values, all they care about is money. 

Every day this channel live stream Hong Kong protests. Come see what's happening: https://www.twitch.tv/melonyeahyeahyeah
[removed]
It wouldn't be a risk unless a player or a caster states something in solidarity with HK.

I'm refunding and cancelling my subs, uninstalled all my Blizz products.

#StandWithHongKong


>I encourage all players to use this or write their own message to Blizzard to let them know that their actions are unacceptable

I am contacting Blizzard support to let this company know that I will no longer be purchasing ANY Blizzard products in the future, due to Blizzard's decision to censor and ban Blitzchung over his pro-Hong Kong statements.

The PRC is currently attemping to bully and intimidate the people of Hong Kong who are fighting for their right for democracy and free speech.  Blizzard's decision to censor the interview to appeaee a totalitarian state is completely unacceptable.  The PRC is an authoritarian state that is guilty of massacring its own citizens at Tiananmen Square, persecuting over a million of its own people due to their religious beliefs, and attempting to silence political dissidents through unjust laws.

If Blizzard/Activision decides it would rather stand in silence and support a totalitarian government that uses violence to remove politcal opposition, than Blizzard is a part of the problem.  You are actively supporting a government that blatantly violates human rights, just so you can maintain rapport anf profit from their market.

I will no longer make any transactions with your company, and I will do my best to convince all those who suppprt democracy, free speech, and basic human rights to do the same.  I hope you and those in your company can see the error in your ways and revert your support for an unjust and authoritarian regime.
i wonder how many winnie the poo shirts will be seen at blizzcon next month
Wow
So what actually happened? It's hard to formulate an opinion without knowing the details.
Blizzard what are your values as a company, just asking because I'm curious.
To answer your question: Totally this is a risk that exists within Starcraft esports as well. I doubt anyone within this scene will say anything about the Hong Kong situation any time soon, but should somebody do that this exact thing will happen to them too.

I understand the reasons for Blizzard ruling this way, but do not agree with this decision. If the comments Blitzchung made were made outside of China, as I understand is the case, he has every right to express his views to the degree his home country's laws apply, whether China likes that or not.

It's a bad message to send that we, the rest of the world, are down with limiting the rights afforded to us by *our* laws only because China happens to dislike what we do with them. That's not how this works and we should insist as much lest their officials begin to make more demands that we limit ourselves for their sake. I do not want to see a world where we slowly choke our freedom of speech to appease China's wishes.
"Not everyone at Blizzard agrees with what happened.  Both the "Think Globally" and "Every Voice Matters" values have been covered up by incensed employees this morning. " - Kevin Hovdestad  


 [https://twitter.com/lackofrealism/status/1181639970332659712](https://twitter.com/lackofrealism/status/1181639970332659712)
I really hope this blows up in their face. Gonna put this down as the reason, when I cancel my WoW sub after work. Glad I did not preorder reforged yet. I do hope big community figures will publicly scrutinize Blizz for this.

Depending on how they react, I will never spend a single cent on Blizzard products again. Seems drastic, but everyone has to draw a line for themselves.

Weirdly fitting tweet from Chris Evans yesterday. 

https://twitter.com/ChrisEvans/status/1181265470260994049?s=19
Do they honestly think this is going to put them in a good light? Blizzcon is just around the corner and after the shitshow of last year, you'd think they wouldn't want to be heckled to shit.
Wow I understand Blizzard is heavily propped up by their Chinese market (Chinese govt can wave a wand and make the entire Blizzard gamut disappear overnight in that 100M user market) if they dared to endorse it. I would have still thought they would just let it slip, give the player a warning, or a mild slap on the wrist for using Blizzard air time as a platform for political messaging, but this is harsh. My only explanations could be that either 

- management in Blizzard China wants to play it super safe and show aggressively that they do not endorse this, or

- Blizzard was directly instructed by someone with sufficient power to issue a heavy-handed punishment if they don't want to be punished themselves.

I love Hong Kong and wish the rest of the free world wasn't so cagey about supporting their movement outright.
unless this shit changes and blizzard back pedals hard im boycotting their products. i was just starting to enjoy classic too but that will be the last sub i purchase.
Blizzcon has live Q&A panels. Just ask why he was banned for supporting Hong Kong during one of them.
[deleted]
Hell fucking yes it is. This shouldn't stand. Pros should fucking do something.
What the fuck happened at Blizzard in the last years? 

Back in my WoW and StarCraft days they were pretty much the good guy devs and now it seems the studio is a burning train wreck derailing into an orphanage. Almost no month goes by without some fuck up by Blizzard.
Luckily every Blizzard game is under battle.net, I wouldn't need to worry about buying their game mistakenly from now on.
Blizzard has chosen a political stand of pro-authoritarianism with their recent actions, choosing to ban and fire people because of Pro-Hong Kong sentiments that stand diametrically opposed to their mobile market expansion into mainland China. This money over humanity decision is not surprising, but is also something I can conscientiously support. For decades these games have preached of heroes standing against the rising tide so despite my love for the product I will not support the company anymore.

&#x200B;

I will also be placing a personal moratorium on all products released by Activision Blizzard and their subsidiaries. 

\#StandWithHongKong
This is a no win situation for Blizzard. Either inaction or action could be taken as politically driven.

After watching the interview, it was Really obvious that he was going to make a political statement. With him wearing a bunch of symbols tied to the Hong Kong movement. The announcers then ask him to give a statement, at which point he takes off the mask and makes his statement. So the announcers weren’t blindsided by what happened.

Really, the Pro-gamer was banking on something like this occurring. Which is why he did it on a stream official tied to Blizzard, rather than on his personal stream. I think he was perfectly aware that his prize money would most likely be taken away, as long as his message got out to the greater public.

I’d be more upset at Blizzard, if this guy hadn’t forced them into a corner. If he had said this on his personal stream, and then Blizzard took action. Then I’d side with the general consensus of this thread. However, I can’t entirely fault Blizzard.
Official statement from Blizzard: 

> Like the NBA, we welcome Chinese censors into our homes and into ours hearts. We too love money more than freedom and democracy. Xi doesn't look just like Winnie the Pooh at all. Tune in to our Asia-Pacific Grandmasters next year! Long live the Great Communist Party of China! May this autumn sorghum harvest be bountiful! We good now China?
Someone needs to photoshop Winnie the Pooh into Tychus' suit and set it as the subreddit banner.
News says:

> Blitzchung appeared on the stream wearing a gas mask and goggles, similar to masks worn by protesters in Hong Kong (and possibly intended as symbolic defiance of a new law banning the use of face masks), and then, as reported by Inven Global, removed the mask and shouted, "Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our age!"

Blizzard quotes the following rule

> 2019 HEARTHSTONE® GRANDMASTERS OFFICIAL COMPETITION RULES v1.4   p.12, Section 6.1 (o)

> Engaging in any act that, in Blizzard’s sole discretion, brings you into public disrepute, offends a portion or group of the public, or otherwise damages Blizzard image will result in removal from Grandmasters and reduction of the player’s prize total to $0 USD, in addition to other remedies which may be provided for under the Handbook and Blizzard’s Website Terms. 

Yikes. So which section is this supposed to be? 

* Brings you into public disrepute? Hard to argue that, if this brings you into disrepute then yikes. 
* Offends a portion or group of the public? Hard to argue this would be offensive. 
* Otherwise damages Blizzard image? If this damages Blizzard's image then yikes.
This is ridiculous. I wish companies wouldn't bow down to China like this. Blizzard Activision made a huge mistake and I hope they'll suffer because of it
This is very disheartening to me. I understand why blizzard did it, but I cant agree with it. At all.
No more Hearthstone packs for me. I'm glad I didn't cave on getting a Blizzcon ticket yesterday.
This is a rare case of a headline ending in a question that ISN’T an automatic ‘no’.
[removed]
InvenGlobal saved blitzchung's interview: https://twitter.com/InvenGlobal/status/1180954142396710912

video mirror: https://streamable.com/6yheb
Great move - three weeks to Blizzcon. If they thought they couldn't do worse than the Diabolo mobile announcement they got another thing coming. I'm sure the same moron who did this is behind the observer change. Fuck those people, and fuck Blizzard... please someone make a competent rival RTS so I can say goodbye to the Activision clown parade.
> Is this a risk for Starcraft esports too?

Well... yeah. This isn't about Hearthstone at all. This is about Blizzard being more than willing to fuck over anybody if there's any risk to anger the Chinese government, hence losing part of the China market.

This is absolutely something that should transcend and bring together all of Blizzard's game communities, to send them a global "fuck you, people are more important than market shares and fucking people over will cost you".
I would not be surprised if Blizzard made a statement in the coming days; either to rescind or reduce Blitzchung's punishment. Their future in the Western market hinges on it at this point.

Their ruling has been reported internationally across the press, [has drawn the ire of Congress](https://twitter.com/RonWyden/status/1181637167749193729) and is leading to more internet outrage than the RealID forum debacle, Diablo Immortal announcement and HGC cancellation generated. I am actually humbled by how many people have cancelled WoW subscriptions, refunded pre-orders and just ditched everything Blizzard after this. Even I did the same, despite coming back for WoW Classic just over a month ago.
I can't wait for the Q&A at blizzcon
I have to say, for all my opposition to this ruling, I do also find it interesting that this is the thing that outrages us. All this time, full well knowing about the oppression of the Uighur, prisoner organ harvesting etc. we have been perfectly fine, apparently, with continued and expanding cooperation between Blizzard and China (or at least it's businesses). We've not complained about the Chinese team leagues. We've not complained about tournaments like WESG. We've not said a thing about Chinese money in Blizzard. None of it. 

And as far as boycotts: I mean, sure. At the same time, I find it to be a much more complicated issue than what many give it credit for. If the goal is simply to make Blizzard cancel their ruling, it might just work. But if that's the extent of it, then what comes after? We're still either in support of a company in continued and deepening cooperation with a country with a government up to, to put it mildly, highly questionable things. 

Furthermore, Blizzard is a single company. Assuming we're ready (and have the capacity) to push it to cut its ties with Chinese business, all we do is bankrupt a single company, while no doubt happily carrying on buying all the stuff manufactured by Chinese business or by non-Chinese business in China. We'll keep upgrading our machines with parts from Intel, AMD and the like. We'll keep buying toasters, washing machines and smart phones. We'll keep watching movies (a lot of them, even or especially Hollywood stuff, are at least part funded with Chinese money). In short, we'll carry on, indirectly, supporting the kind of thing we are getting outraged over now. Supporting the anti-Hong Kong democracy stuff and everything else.

So those calling for boycott, what is it that you're looking to achieve here? Think hard about that question before committing to action, lest you make it potentially largely irrelevant.
What the actual fuck, those spineless assholes!

Fuck you Xi.
Left an angry message through the bnet feedback function and promptly uninstalled all blizzard products. SC2 was fun, but I'm not playing a bootlicker's game.
> Comments are disabled

yikes

blizzard wtf

I mean did he break the rule, its subjective that this would cause damage?
If anyone is going to Blizzcon I encourage you to make "Liberate Hong Kong. Revolution of our age" signs and spam twitch chat with it.
Even tho not SC related, but still cool. There was Hong Kong team playing in the LoL championships and the whole twitch chat was spamming free Hong Komg throughout the whole match.
Fuck it boys let’s go out in a bang
I'll be uninstalling tonight. Been a hoot fellas, thanks for all the fish.
Where are the community figures right now? Surely they have an opinion on this, they wouldn't muzzle their opinions in hope to get these sweet blizzcon invitation, random beta access and so on... right?
That's REALLY fucking lame. Probably the grossest thing this company has done - sure they've done thing with loot boxes, canceled games we wanted to see, gave starcraft 2 a pretty bad story (note: I still loved it, I'm just saying...that writing was not good), but actively suppressing political speech in an effort to support an oppressive communist regime is fuck off gross. People should be mad about this. Like, very mad.
What's really tripping me up right now is people keep asking "what if a Chinese player said something pro-china?"

Making a pro-Hong Kong statement isn't anti-china. That's the Chinese propaganda talking. It's simply pro-Hong Kong. The guy is just being patriotic like every other athlete ever.
They took the VOD down so we can’t even see for ourselves if the ruling was fair according to their own rules. 

This is pretty despicable behavior for Blizzard Activision.  They’re kowtowing to their greed by trying to avoid scandal in having these gag orders in the first place.  It’s an attempt to avoid negative press but it has slipped into a cowardly insecure suppression of free speech. 

It’s the Barbara Streisand effect.  They try to suppress it and it becomes a huge deal. Only in this case they are trying to suppress negative reaction to their bottom line.   But they f’ed up.  They are using their power to punish people for speaking their mind.  They are bullying people to protect their wallets. 

And it’s wrong.
Absolutely. Alone with the language of the clause they have the say of what is 'appropriate'.

In this instance, it shows they are willing to consider human rights a disparaging remark. And he lost the money over that.

So, why should anyone even put any time into their esports at all in any of their games? You say one thing China doesn't like and all that time you put in to get to that level of competition is gone (along with the guys talking to you too).

At that rate, why even trust this company with our data? We could slip up and support liberty, and next thing you know the Chinese government is hacking you.
Was banning that guy some out of season april fools joke?
Bottom line, it's all about money. Although this looks horrible and hypocritical on Blizzard, the fact remains that the market in mainland China is too big and lucrative to pass up. Their stocks would probably plummet if China were to ban their games.
So.

1. Dont watch chinese tourneys, or players for chinese teams. 
2. Spam free hk memes all blizzcon
3. Write letters to blizz, make them (at least in the west) see this as a HR disaster which it is
4. Encourage community figures to speak out on this.

 Is artosis going to shill for the ccp if he has to? Will tasteless pretend that taiwan is part of china? Can a caster mention the genocide in xinjiang now or is that banned too? Tiananmen? If you are a caster reading this, do you think you could say on stream that people died at tiananmen in 89 and stay employed?  Firing one caster is easy, trashing the backbone of all your esports is not.

They are trying to do damage control because they are more afraid of the chinese government than their loyal fans and customers. They want this to queitly go away. If we make them pick a side, they will choose the western market where the government wont ban them over petty shit one day because a chinese company bribed them  too. 

If western fans are toothless saps, and chinese fans millitant, guess who bliz will listen to.
Garbage blizzard
Well it has been a ride Blizzard. I have loved starcraft 2 deeply, starcraft was a part of my chilshood, I liked Heroes of the Storm, and I even enjoy Overwatch. But now we are at the end. 

Uninstalling of their stuff until they backtrack on this. I you do too. This is bigger than a game.
On one hand I'm really happy that so many ppl seem to be pro-HK activists. That's really nice to see. On the other hand, I feel like a lot are also blind to reasoning. Maybe all of you have more information than I do - in which case please fill me in - however, what's given here doesn't justify such hate towards Blizzard in my opinion. 

We have this gaming company which doesn't want to be involved in politics and even reveals this in its ruling. Now, there is a gamer who comes on stage, makes a political statement and gets punished for it - where is the problem? If they apply this to all major political topics equally I'm fine with it.

Of course, given the speficic context, one may dislike that Blizz isn't more lenient towards pro HK comments, but going as far as implying political reasoning rather than internal business concepts is stretching it too far. There gotta be more for such claims.

Edit:
Uh thanks for this good discussion. There are some valid points for both sides I think. I must admit that I was afraid that I would only get down votes with no reasoning whatsoever when I made this comment. Now I'm a bit confused of the position I want to take.
wow. too bad i was actually really enjoying ow/sc2/wow classic. welp, time for a boycott.
Oh.. I see how it is Blizzard... I just sold your stock and I think it's time that I try and stop watching starcraft 2 content for while. See how that shit works bitch!
damn
That's a risk for any game, especially owned by a Chinese company, i.e. League of Legends, Fortnite, PUBG etc. Nobody has ever spoken out on political issues during post-game interviews because they know the consequences, it's not new.
Welp Blizzard just signed their own death certificate.
What the actual fuck, Activision/Blizzard?
Can anyone translate Blizzard's full [Chinese language statement](https://www.weibo.com/3229779100/Iax22g4xQ?filter=hot&root_comment_id=0&type=comment)?

According to various news articles, it says in part

> We will, as always, resolutely safeguard the country’s dignity.
Looking at Revamped SC2 titles made my day kek
Disgusting behavior. Shame on you Blizzard.
>is this a risk for starcraft, too?

Obviously, risk probably isn't a strong enough term even.  It will happen in SC if players don't toe to pro china line
This stinks blizzard...
This will kill esports.
Fuck China. Fuck Blizzard. Freedom for Hong Kong.

Blizzcon needs to be trolled in full force.
Do you guys not have ~~phones~~ human rights?
https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/dez4yc/z/f2zxdv0
Blizzard:  I will *rule* this *sector's* freedom of speach or see it burnt to *ashes* around me
Why tf were that casters fired!? That’s bs IMO
Dont forget - You can go into your app store for your mobile device and leave negative feedback for hearthstone, bnet authenticator, the battle.net social app, and the WoW companion app.
The funny thing is, China will fuck Blizzard anyway. They will create some state-sponsored clone game eventually and put so much government prize money into it that it becomes the standard not just in China but also world wide. Then Blizzard would've caved for nothing.
How can they withhold someone's prize money when he legitimately won it?  Is that legal?
Terran players must pledge loyalty to Mengsk. Otherwise lose 50% economy.
This is no surprise. They already refuse to show he Taiwanese flag for Has because of Chinese pressure. I knew, the second he mentioned Hong Kong, he would be facing serious consequences.
It won't be a risk on anything as long as people in SC2 broadcasts are not acting like this.
For what it's worth: the Dutch StarCraft League [has spoken up](https://twitter.com/DSCLeague/status/1181626477068132352) about the issue, and I've also e-mailed my contact at Blizzard urging them to change their position.
hey reddit, ya gonna private and silence this subredddit too? is that chinese $$$ worth your integrity?
>I mean it would really suck for blizzard if the community made mei a symbol for support of protests in Hong Kong and they had to remove her from overwatch. I sure hope no active artists take this opportunity to make that happen. 😉

https://old.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/dez4yc/breaking_blizzard_entertainment_bans_pro/f304ufl/
When I get off work I'm changing my portrait and clan/group decal icon to the Spectre and HK flag. xD

It's subtle, but enough people doing something similar is bound to show up somewhere.
Already deleted my blizzard games and plan to remove my account completely.  Haven’t been excited to play anything from this company anyways and I don’t plan to ever buy one of there games again.
I love all these panicky threads that aren't "Is this is risk for democracy?!" but rather "OMG IS THIS A RISK FOR MY VIDEO GAME"
i dont fucking get it what the fuck has happened?
Fuck you, Blizzard. Not spending another dollar on anything Blizzard-related unless they change course. There are enough games out there that we don't have to put up with a company that treats people this way.
My first big purchase as an adult was a big £60 Starcraft 2 box, god if I could go back in time...
>While we stand by one’s right to express individual thoughts and opinions

And let us tell you *how* we're stand for these things. We're going to stand *so* hard, we're going to take all his prize winnings, ban him for a year and ban the people who interviewed him. See? We'll do just about anything to protect basic human rights. Because here at Blizzard Entertainment, [Every Voice Matters!](https://imgur.com/PM8NkvX)
Blizzard please. Don’t be such a cry baby and let people say what they want to say. If you can’t handle what people say, don’t do interviews.
That ruling is pretty cold, and ruthless.'

Company might as well name itself after inclement weather of the same nature.
Is this posted on their twitter? Can someone give sauce so we can at least bombard then with negative feedback. This is seriously fucked up.

We're talking about video games and someone simply supported morally good cause and Blizzard sided with the fucking evil. I don't want to give Blizzard any money anymore... I'm so torn by this, because of my love for sc2 eSports, but... Thus is utter trash. So ya, I'm done buying a single thing from Blizzard unless this is reversed.
This is unacceptable. Blizzard you are an amazing gaming company, but you're lousy at politics!

Blizzard, you have become Donny Vermillion before Arcturus Mengsk's true colors were shown to the people.
Man whoever decided to post this in every Blizzard channel must be rolling in the karma.
Uninstalled and cancelled wow classic, I’m also done watching Starcraft fuck blizzard, fuck China.
[deleted]
WHAT THE FUCK. all players & casters should insta boycott blizzard for this
Srsly fuck Blizzard. Literally supporting a regime that is commiting a genocide amongst its muslim population.
First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—because I was not a socialist.  
Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out— because I was not a trade unionist.  
Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—because I was not a Jew.  
Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.
Pro gamers are basically ambassadors of their game and the company who made the game. Blizzard’s actions make complete sense.
Pretty sure they don't allow anyone to talk politics or religion, for the sake of the game. That's a normal practice in the entertainment industry, right? It's not so strange they would ban someone for violating those rules? Or am i missing something?
Blizzard has turned into such a joke of a company since Activision acquired them. They are a shell if what they used to be. It makes me sick and sad to see what they have become. All these companies afraid of offended repressive dictatorships sicken me.
It's almost like capitalism sucks shit and if these companies are basically required by capitalism to expand endlessly in service of capital, they're gonna end up doing a bunch of stuff that sucks shit.
I prefer tournament streams unpoliticised, there are better soapboxes out there. Blizzard had their rules and he agreed to them beforehand.

Is it a risk that breaking tournament rules might result in penalties? Always has.
[deleted]
Blizzard really has no choice, either they do this or risk to get banned from the Chinese market. The best thing people can do is keep gaming and political stuff seperated. This situation helps noone.
I don't support China at all and I'm all for liberty of expression.

But the way I see it is that blizzard want to keep politic opinions out of esports. I hope they would have done the same if the comment had been anti-Hong Kong. Keep the sport/game neutral
Holy fuck are all of you guys that fucking stupid?  He broke ToS, then got banned for BREAKING ToS.  Why didn't he do this on his own stream, or during his own time?  This is a competition, not a fucking social movement.  He got what he deserved, simple.
https://twitter.com/i/status/1181025874864418816
YIKES
Pathetic blizzard and the pandering
Fuck Blizzard for being politically incorrect.
Never know until you try.
South Park was predicting the future.
All of these companies really need to stop acting like partially-deflated blow up dolls with low self esteem
What a vacuous morality leaders are imposing on the devs who work at Blizzard that care about freedom of speech
Don't just refuse to make new purchases, boycott all Blizzard esport broadcasts too.  Let them realize the viewership hit (I apologize to Tasteless/Artosis/Rotti in advance).
Week of boycott maybe? Or a month? There's plenty other games.
This coming right after South Park’s Band in China episode. You would almost think this a joke.
During one of the WCS events this year I noticed Has had a Chinese flag on the stream and I was curious if he moved or something. I asked in chat and things got ugly fast
Absolutely disgusting
Blizzard is comprised of some of the worst human beings hiding behind wow and a wall of money. Fuck Blizzard.
Wow blizzard what a bunch of panzies honestly blizzard-activision is becoming an awful company. Just like most people thought would happen when they had that merger. I cant help but feel if mike morhaime was still in charge they would not pull bullshit like this.
What the fuck Blizzard
Comon blizzard,  you're better than this.
What's next they go after his family?
Shit company doing shit things.
Fuck blizzard. I get that they might feel obligated to do this. But legally it's still a choice that they get to make. And to invoke this fucking rule for the purposes of saying that the group of people offended is the Chinese government. The rule was created to address what would happen if a player said some actual offensive shit or racist shit. 

Not literally asking for democracy on what is likely the biggest stage / platform he will speak on.
All we need now is for the Olympics committee to censor themselves for Chinese money too.
Is this a rhetorical question?
Why are we concern if this will be bad for Starcraft? Like I love Starcraft more than anything but holy shit FUCK this company
did the caster even make a comment?
blizzard is finished.
As of today, I will never give Blizzard another one of my dollars.
I've been trying to rationalize Activision's behavior to myself as "Well, this is Blizzard, not Activision", but now...

This streamer's life may be in imminent danger, and Blizzard has taken away his microphone. They've damned him against his own audience and ours by making his situation worse.

I feel conflicted. I wanted to play Starcraft II today, and I've already bought it so it's not like they'd be getting more money. On the other hand, increasing the active player count even by 1 feels despicable. I just want to enjoy my fucking games, Activision Blizzard, but you create these moral problems I don't want to support.

I don't know who was behind all of this, so I'm just going to say "Fuck Bobby Kotick". He's the CEO of this damned company, he's the one in charge of these decisions, and he's the one who can reverse these decisions if desired. Bobby Kotick deserves no sympathy, Activision Blizzard deserves no sympathy. Bobby Kotick can rot in Hell for this one, because there is nothing more sinister and disgusting than throwing another human being under the bus in the way of a government like China's.

I'm actually extremely upset over this revelation, there is no defense for it, especially an American company which is founded in a country whose sole existence is dependent on the fact that wars were fought rebelling against another power. This is a country of speech and strength, a country who supports the protesting solo man or woman in their quest for equality, a country who believes in being able to speak freely about the ridiculousness of your government. For Blizzard to support this is... fuck Activision Blizzard and fuck Bobby Kotick.
No shit
Yes, and all esports for that matter.  This would happen in LoL, DOTA, OWL, Fortnite... every game that has any kind of Chinese audience.
Starcraft players should just start cooperatively spelling “5 Demands” out of supply depots
f blizzard. deleted the game.
Welp, that'll be no warchest or blizzcon for me then :(. Really wanted to watch Serral V Maru, but I'm not going to support a company bending over for authoritarian regimes.

I'll be careful in the future to avoid any Activision and Blizzard games unless they correct this fucking mess.
Is South Park the most prescient show on TV?
Found this one on /r/Roastme and died

The top comment:

"Your parents must be furious with the one child policy."
Holy shit this is now the #2 /r/starcraft post of all time
RIP /u/hathrow
/r/RoastMe, for the lazy.
Translation-"you're Asian".
/r/RoastMe is quite unfunny

the point of roasting is to be funny. not just say mean shit. those people over there arent funny. 
Local comment etiquette obliges me to tell you: Roast in Pepperonis.
Wewlad
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/starcraftcirclejerk] [found this gem on the interwebs xDD](https://np.reddit.com/r/StarcraftCirclejerk/comments/3rmxvh/found_this_gem_on_the_interwebs_xdd/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
I never understood the appeal of roasting, particularly in the internet age with its infinite supply of people with mean things to say.
Why were you saving that for three months?
I already dieded a long time ago when this first came out.
Feel like asians should stay away from roasting, none of the white guys making the comments know enough funny cultural references about Asians so they'll just shit on things like your typical Asian attributes
I see a passing resemblance to twitch.tv/trumpsc, though this guys face seems a little longer. 
Stop clockjin 
Thanks for the new sub, this will lead to much entertainment.
Does anyone have the link to the original post?
Why is this this #2 on /r/starcraft already?
This made me laugh out loud
[deleted]
[deleted]
@OP, what's it like being a ghost/zombie?
Kinda racist...
The popular content on this sub is non-Starcraft content and Starcraft content that happened four years ago.
Don't say it. Lilbow is not good he just got lucky.
I don´t get it^^ Can someone explain it to me?

This reminds me, what is the subreddit similar to this in which you post a selfie and get appearance, fashion, etc advice? Fairly new, 4 months old tops I think.
This guy got double roasted with one burn. 
Can confirm, not dead.
ThorZaIN?
Man, you're an easy kill...
Is he talking about me? :( FeelsBadMan.jpg
RIP /u/hathrow
Can somebody PM me the original link? Would love to read the rest of the comments!
this is Bogus' long lost brother
Yao mings son
I still didn't get the joke...
Is that a bad thing now? If I started ranting about how Startale was robbed of a GSTL win would it convince them otherwise?
This is amazing haahah
savage
I reeeeaaallly don't like the racist undertones 

But the super stern look and those fucking glasses are killing me.


Highest upvotes I've seen on /r/roastme
HAHAHAHAHA
I saw this a while ago. No one else has? Still funny though.
DAE TLO?
Haha love it
xD that made me laugh like a child
Here is a word cloud of all of the comments in this thread: http://i.imgur.com/gKRSX7p.png  
[^source ^code](http://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds) ^| [^contact ^developer](http://reddit.com/user/WinneonSword) ^| [^faq](https://github.com/Winneon/makeswordclouds#faq)
Starcraft is a stupid game
Legacy of the Void Cinematic

The most intense pylon warp in of all time.
EVEN THE PROBE WAS BADASS
the cinematic version of a two base all in.
DAT SICK 40 GATE
THE PROBE BUILDING THE PYLON

THE FUCKING ARCHON
Pylo is back.
POWER..... OVERWHELMING........

Absolute goosebumps... Once again blizzard delivers.
Bless that brave probe.
Holy shit. I know this subreddit is mostly competitive/multiplayer focused but I loved SC2 campaigns. I thought they the first two were so much fun and the cinematics are amazing. This was amazing! I wasn't excited before but I am now!! Can't wait!

Also massive buffs to pylons, now air units. 
**MY LIFE FOR AIUR!**
Now THAT was a seriously hype cinematic. I've never thought that zealot charge and archons could be so epic. Don't even get me started on the pylon finishing for the mass warpin.

**Zerg**

* Units lost: A bunch
* Workers lost: 0
* Resources lost: at least 950

**Protoss**

* Units lost: 3
* Workers lost: 1
* Resources lost : 650


**This Trailer**

* 2 Zealots
* 1 Archon
* 1 Probe
* 3 Banelings
* A crapton of Zerglings
* At least 3 Hydralisks
* 1 Ultralisk
* All my feels


**NOTES**

* Counting the Probe, thanks guys :-)

What exactly did that archon do...?  Did it...  Just explode?  Like some giant antimatter explosion?  Do archons have a self-destruct ability now?  Because that would be pretty fucking cool.
Probes somehow got even cuter! SUCH a sick cinematic, the Archon scene was fucking nuts. HYPE
Love the little details, like the shield on the Zealot that got killed by banelings, and the way the HT moved. Fuck, it's so amazing!
I have waited to see Protoss (other than Zeratul) in a Blizzard cinematic since Brood War, and **HOLY FUCKING SHIT IT WAS SO GOOD!** 

I am now once again thinking HOW FUCKING AMAZING WOULD A STARCRAFT MOVIE BE?! HOLY SHIT BLIZZARD GET ON IT!!!
I have waited for 5 years....... :_) Thank you Blizzard!
GOLLY
omg, that moment when the two high templar morphed into an Archon... Holy shit!! That was amazing, holy fuck... My life for aiur!!!
I want a Carbot version of this!
I didn't get that they were defending the pylon until it appeared. Knowing that now just makes it more awesome, especially the zealot tanking the banelings!
The moment that probe warped in that pylon, I got goosebumps. Incredible how amazing these cinematics are.
Quick question by a noob who never played Starcraft.

Is the story any good? And how does the story telling in the game work? 
Tasteless and Artosis: 

Artosis: "Man I just have to say though, that archon, that was the Tasteless and Artosis Archon."

Tasteless: "But that arm that chopped off the Ultralisk's arm, that was the tasteless arm."

I died.
I felt sad for the archon.  I swear Blizzard can make me emotionally attach to anything under a minute.
Omg.... the Archon... CHILLS!!
[deleted]
Why can't we have a full 2 hour movie with this quality of cinematics? Will it cost insanely amounts of money?
POWER OVERWHELMING
November 10?! I was expecting it for next year!
Anyone else noticed that dark templar?
Honst to god, without any exaggeration: I have never been this excited by a blizzard cinematic. This is the best they ever did, across al games. I was legit cheering here and rewatched it 5 times straight. Awesome stuff. 

My life for Aiur.
That moment when all the protoss forces warp in to help their bretheren...
Zerg should've killed the pylon...
[As a Zerg... DAYMN](https://i.imgur.com/OPiu25Z.gif)  

THE POWER OF PROTOSS!!!!!!! TRULY EPIC BEYOND MEASURE!!!


They constructed an additional pylon... :O
Fun fact: The destroyed Nexus we see is a Brood War styled Nexus. \^_^
They made pylons look cool. Think about that.
Seriously i was expecting something from the plot. Zeratul speech or whatever, something like the whole HoTS trailer was Kerrigan dream. But still, it is epic.
I'm in tears. That beautiful ultralisk did not have to die.
That pesky probe, its always that probe. 
FUCKING LOVED IT!!! 
BLIZZARD CINEMATICS <3
What happened to the archon and ultralisk? Seems like they teleported...
Burrowed Ultralisk 👾
That Archon vs. Ultra was pretty fucking sick.
Ive never played Starcraft, only seen a handful of vids. But this, this pumped me up. I loved it!
The Archon part was super dope. The pylon warp-in too. I would have liked to see something on a larger scale and maybe some different protoss units other than just Zealots and 2 HTs.

This had more of an "Omaha Beach" sort of feel rather than something larger that I was expecting.
a moment of silence for the zealot who sacrifice his life killing those banelings
I love this... but does it make sense that the Protoss who are weaker now than when they lost Aiur would be trying to reclaim it from the Zerg which are arguably stronger now than they were when taking Aiur?
Amazing, the only thing that would have made it better would have been a mothership at the end...MASS RECALL
[deleted]
Mother fucking "My Life for Auir"! I have been waiting so long for the Protoss to retake Auir, I'm so stoked for this campaign!!!
I'm actually sitting here crying because the cinematic was so awesome, and I come into the comments to see people making snarky comments about bad micro.

This community ;_;
Not gonna lie I cried when they formed the archon 
Hero Probe
I will never look at an archon the same again
Never would've assumed that warping pylon would look so badass.
Holy shit, Blizzard cinematics living up to the hype.
NERD CHILLS TASTELESS
CHILLS
Dat hero probe!
PROBE! PYLON BUILD! ARCHON! WARP IN! It's so much to take in; it almost makes that 40 minute stalling worth it! Would have been nice to see some force fields, though.
Really what a sick cinematic 
That archon fusion gave me the goosebumps.
After seeing this, we need a Starcraft movie. Warcraft comes out next year, and then Blizzard follows it with a Starcraft movie. Overwatch would also make a great movie, but this trailer! So sexy! 
Incredible trailer, captured many aspects of the game too, which is difficult. 100/10
They could make a 16 hour movie called The Battle For Aiur that has 0 story line and is just that fighting and nerds would buy the shit out of it.
Probe op! pylon op! hahaha But that cinematic was cool (imho not as cool as HotS trailer tho, the zerg invasions was pretty impressive)

  Stil, this cinematic captures parts of gameplay that the previous 2 didnt do.
That archon implosion - never seen anything like this. You as always expect a blast, yet it goes completely silent. Amazing.
I haven't played Starcraft in over a year and a half, but Blizzard sure does know how to hype it enough for me to play again. 
That. Fucking. Archon. Holy Shit.
WTH!? When and where was this released!?!? 
[deleted]
Its been a year since i played starcraft, watched this fuckin CG and pre-Order it.
1. Shivers down my spine and me actually going, "oh my god!" in giddy anticipation and pleasure 

2. Seeing the probe for the first time, I thought to myself, "aww it's a cute little combat probe! Just like in Carbots' Starcrafts" 

3. Holy shit the archon severing an ultralisk blade was fucking spine-tingling-orgasmic. 

4. And yes, the mass warp in at the end leading to the 300-style charge. Oh good lord.
Successfully made one of the most loathed mechanics in the game (forward pylon warp in) seem epic as all fuck. 

I believe this is the first time we've seen a worker unit in any cinematic too.
This is literally THE most epic trailer I have ever seen. Hats off to Blizzard. You always strive to push the bar higher with everything you do.
Ah man... back at the end of Wings of Liberty when I first got into Starcraft, I picked Protoss because I thought it looked the coolest and had the coolest lore. This cinematic proves me right
Let's be honest guys, Protoss was almost everyone's favorite in BW. This trailer gives me nostaligic chills like crazy. Fuck I love protoss.
I haven't played much starcraft II, but as Brood war was my childhood, seeing this gave me goosebumps
Did anyone else tear up when the zealot sacrifices himself to the banelings?
Fallout 4 or LOTV fuck
\#golly 
God damn, I would fucking love a SC2 CG movie.

Watching all 3 cinematic's in a row, Blizzard has always, always killed it with amazing cinematic's. 
Haven't got chills like that in a while.  Nice job!  the Archon forming was super wicked. * 
This was the single most epic thing I've ever seen. That was incredible. I am in tears. 
[deleted]
who would fight an ultralisk with an archon? I was expecting an immortal to enter the scene
Protoss are so fucking cool
So behind the Zerg is a Nexus, what's behind the Protoss at the beginning? Is that a Carrier?
Its been years since i last played SC but damn everytime blizzard makes me hyped for the next game!
Oh my god.

Carbot, please get on this.
10/10 
Kawaii probe warped in my heart.
i got a boner. am i alright guys?
Jesus, im 13 again. T_T
Those people know how to do cinematics, i ll give them that.
Oh my. Great cinematic. Definitely anticipating this release.
Fuck starcraft is badass.
Starcraft would be an amazing movie visually.
We make pylon then defense it
alright fuck csgo back to starcraft <3
how will carbot parody this
Best cinematic I have seen. Amazing job Blizzard
dang that baneling pop looked like a Gatorade commercial
Currently top 9 post on main reddit page. LET'S MAKE IT TOP1 !!!!!
Wow.. goosebumps
So I'm thinking the first part of LoTV will be taking back Aiur, second part will be convincing everyone to team up again, and third part will be finish off the hybrids. I don't see any other way it can go.

Some dark archons would be pretty sweet though!
Hero probe.
Can someone please edit this video with slow 16 second warp in with ling's looking around, picking them all off.

u/Carbot Im looking at you :)
For FUCKING AUIR!!!
good macro. 
The Zealot charge ability at the end was pretty cool too.
WHY IS THIS COMING OUT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WEEK?!

At least we have Veteran's Day off in the US. Though not sure how that's going to work with work...
I thought zealots didn't die but they are transported away when severely injured. 
Ultralisks look devastating ! Another great cinematic from Blizzard... Props.
HRRRNNNNNGGGGG

God damn man. Reminds me of the old Aliens vs Predators graphic novel. A lone, young predator is battling a slew of xenomorphs and the protagonist remarks something to the effect of 'a ballet of violence and death...yet utterly ineffective in the face of sheer numbers'. Sure enough, the unblooded warrior meets his demise.

The yajuta didn't have dat 40 gate though. FUCKIN HYPE!!
Movie pls
If archons are almost as big as an ultralisk, imagine how big colossi will look?
So fucking hyped to play protoss now. I love stylistics of Protoss, but don't like the mechanics tho(
A release 2 days after BlizzCon.  That's hella prompt.  And a stressful couple of weeks for everyone.  I suspect that means the Starcraft team will have quite limited exposure at BlizzCon, actually.
POWER OVER-MOTHERFUCKIN-WHELMING  
the chills man
Uh most badass SC2 cinematic
When can we expect a SC movie with this quality of animation?  Here take my money!
How the fuck does every know it's 40 gates? Is this just a random number someone pulled out of their ass that everyone went with?
I wish I owned this game ;_; 
KreyGasm KreyGasm KreyGasm
Can't wait for CarBots animation to make a parody. 
Holy shit! That was some of the most epic stuff in a long time. The soundtrack!!!!!!! <3
This cinematic should have been exactly 16 seconds longer
Thank you blizzard for being one of the few companies left that puts so much into their cinematics.
So fucking epic. I get chills every time. Would have loved to see a Colossus but I'm not complaining.
This is now my favorite Blizzard cinematic. Reinstalling the game now...
This cinematic, fuck fuck fuck, the *POWER OVERWHELMING* make my heart stop. IT WAS GLORIOUS!
November?? This to...

November of 2015 is one of the sickest months in gaming in a loooong time.

Fallout 4, new Battlefront and now this to...
This trailer fulfilled what I wanted to see in a blizzard cinematic since like FOREVERRRR!! An honest to goodness protoss footsoldier battle with the zerg Ahhhh I can't event handle and was given even more ksixbeixxeiwhxjwiruuhHdhe XD XD XD ARCHON!! WARP INS!! Protoss shields breaking in battle!!! 
Why don't the ever make animated movies that look like this. I would pay to go see them. 
Good to see some hype for the campaign. I always feel so out of place here because I don't know much about the pro scene and just genuinely love the universe.
[deleted]
Haven't touched/watched SC2 in years but I'm definitely going to buy this for the single player campaign.
BONER OVERWHELMING!
"Power Overwhelming" Definitely a F- Yeah moment. 
Who needs viagra when you got this? 
It makes me sad thinking that the probe probably died 
The protoss must construct additional pylons if they want to take their planet back.
Fucking mega probe with the spirit bomb pylon
Zealots dying have the absolute coolest sound effect in any game. Every version of it.
Nice to see my race come back after BW, love my Protoss.
For as much shit as Blizzard gets for balancing and not listening and blah, blah, blah......Those Cinematic guys, HOLY FUCK do they step up to the plate EVERY. TIME.
Artosis Pylon makes a cameo in the cinematic!!!
Never played star craft still got chills. 
Haven't played Starcraft in years so answer me this:

Can an Archon duel one on one an Ultralisk in-game?
Other videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://sbtl.tv/_r3kt1st?feature=playlist&nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[Pylo The Pylon - Original Song - Houghtoonz.com](https://youtube.com/watch?v=DJ4XpUKjtgk)|[133](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv07w94) - 2010 feels 
[StarCraft II: Legacy of the Void Opening Cinematic](https://youtube.com/watch?v=M_XwzBMTJaM&t=71s)|[74](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv087b6) - when the probe starts the pylon the 3 banelings start to roll towards it, but the hero zealot killed them all at the cost of his life   Edit: Have you seen this easter egg that happens at 0:16 sec  it happens so fast.  who are they ?   credits to   o...
[StarCrafts Season 2 Episode 11 Power Overwhelming](https://youtube.com/watch?v=uWfdyT-OHO0)|[50](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0avar) - this is even more cool after watching lotv cinematic 
[Greatest Will Cheese Fail Ever! Probe/SCV War](https://youtube.com/watch?v=hOvGCrilWik)|[48](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0bu09) - Never forget 
(1) [Starcraft 2: Wings of Liberty Full Storyline - All Cinematics, Cutscenes and Edited Gameplay](https://youtube.com/watch?v=tA-D4p9lBPI) (2) [Starcraft 2: Heart of the Swarm Full Storyline - All Cinematics, Cutscenes and Edited Gameplay](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PIHI6x4BaTo) (3) [Starcraft 2 - Wings of Liberty - The Movie](https://youtube.com/watch?v=fNddo-xLoL8) (4) [★ Starcraft 2 - Heart of the Swarm - The Movie Extended Cut - ALL HD Cinematics & MORE!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=m3mwNMnkkoY)|[48](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0a9a2) - starcraft franchise is very  rich with lore if ure interested  Complete lore :     = &gt; for wol   =&gt; for hots  Full cutscenes + trailers for all starcraft 2    =&gt; wol   =&gt; hots 
[Starcraft 2 Trailer - Building a Marine](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Z5minkwDX5k)|[47](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0c5zr) -  
[Warcraft III Reign of Chaos - Arthas' Betrayal](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t_owqHFjev4)|[9](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0clpy) - man, blizzard has been making the sickest cinematics forever.. 
[DreamHack Open Stockholm: Naniwa vs Leenock Grand Final](https://youtube.com/watch?v=e22rVBF2y0M)|[5](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0fqon) -   Starts around 1h30m20s 
[Ninja Parade Slips By Town Unnoticed Once Again](https://youtube.com/watch?v=WtR2m20C2YM)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3kt1st/_/cv0kt6r) -  
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf)
Ooohhh WOW! Beautiful.

Ok, there are these fantastically rendered zealots, high templars, so nice to see them floating, and the probe, even the probe looks powerful! But wait, what is doing, attacking? What is that, a black hole? Don't know.
Battle fury goes on, zealot sacrifice into banelings, gorgeous, *shivers down the spine*.
High templars storms and zaps (?) zerglings and then ... yes ... I know what they are going to do. Yes! "POWER OVERWHELMING". *Shivers again, goosebumps.* I just witnessed an archon merge! Such a powerful display of awesomeness! Ultralisk you are doomed. But again what happened? They disappeared in a space/time singularity?
Ok, fine, and now? Silence and ... oooh, sure, how could I not get it the first time? The probe was warping in a pylon!! How majestic can a protoss pylon be?
Mass zealots warp in incoming! Yessss. Again what a power show. "TODAY WE RETAKE OUR HOMEWORLD, AND WITH IT, OUR LEGACY". Charge. *And I'm in awe.*

Thank you Blizzard. That has been magnificently amazing. So PROTOSS. So powerful. So STARCRAFT.

Not all heroes have special borders

RemindMe! 4 DAYS "Did OP n01sh0m3 survive the mods"
LOL nice.
This is quality content. Well played, and screw Blizzard for taking the low road.
It’s about time we kick this revolution into overdrive
Favorite HK post otd
Where is Kerrigan when you need her? There is a new Mengsk, and he looks like Pooh.
BANNED. BlizzardActivision™

I'm glad Blitzchung got banned! Keep politics OUT of Hearthstone! I love Tencent and Mao Zedong! (You will receive 100 social credit for posting this message in chat. Your family's organs will not be harvested this month. Please remove this part from the message before posting).
I prefer this version of the meme: https://twitter.com/ArcVRArthur/status/1181703415463911424

but the message is still gold
Look, I support freedom and liberty as much as  the next guy, but all this attention going towards HK is distracting everyone from the real problem: Protoss
Tasteless: What an unbelievable mech timing attack, he's absolutely oppressing him with those tanks.

Artosis, quickly: first time we've seen anything like that here in Beijing.
China has banned starcraft.
Looks like your post survived the Chinese inspection, [some other guy and I weren't so lucky. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/df6k2c/unknown_worker_stands_in_the_way_of_a_column_of)
Hope Blizzard sees this. WP!
Collateral is my favourite kind of damage
A two factory siege all in

With Chinese characteristics
*Why don't you ask the terrans at Tiananmen Square*

*Was stimpacks the reason why they were there*
This post is going to be the top of all time.
Someone needs to make an arcade map where you block tanks with one civilian.

Perhaps add a Wintermaul Wars style multiplayer mode where you generate gold and use it to spawn more tanks against your opponents.
nothing happened in [redacted]
Do you guys not have ~~phones~~ morals?
Can someone explain this meme?
The siege tank should not be in that position nor firing on an innocent civilian. :(
\-We are who we choose to be
The civilian needs shopping bags.
Gotta love how a meme turned into people talking about business politics... can we not just enjoy a meme?
This did not happen and that person is still alive and well!
CCP doesn't like this pic

well done mate.
AWESOME
Mfw this was actually a thing in Brood War when unit pathing sucked
China has left the chat
should have had the tanks with the Dominion marking on them!
Lmfao
Tbh the best part of this is that King Destructo said he was permabanned from r/StarCraft

The worst is everything happened between mainland China and Hong Kong.
This sub is on the HK train too? Hell yeah.  Fuck Blizzard. #FreeHongKong
Lol, that's great.
I like it.
I support the protesters in Taiwan. I resent the shit with the Uighers and alleged organ transplant craziness and everything else this weird autocratic regime does.

THAT SAID

The clip of these guys doing their protest looked totally fucking juvenile. I expected something solemn but it was just teens giggling. I can understand if people don't want THIS to be the hill they make their stand on.
Mengsk.........
\*Blizz HQ informant: "Shit! they found it. we need to get this taken down ASAP. inform the Kim"
35th May in China.
Don't give a shit about china and those casters and that player who should have shut his mouth and took the trophy and made mama proud. The game is still awsome!
It's funny because its fictional.
Lol what trash, in the US he wouldve been ran over
Its a third picture of this kind here. Can we delete this because of that? I dont like to see this sub to be spammed with low efforts posts.
[deleted]
Stolen: A Day9 Story (xpost /r/Destiny)

This is why whenever something major happens to me, I first assume I'm just stupid and it didn't really happen (because this is typically the case).
The magic cards were probably worth more than the car 
Sean, I love ya man, but you have some questionable moments.
Plott twist. 
This is the most Day9 thing.
One time I called the police to report my wife missing because she was due home from work and wasn't answering her phone. Went outside and our car was back. So I thought she got kidnapped on the walk to the door. Turns out she came in, and went to bed, while I was taking a poop and I didn't notice.

So as I'm talking to the 911 operator, I strolled into my bedroom to see my wife sleeping on the bed...
I recently heard a similar story from a coworker. Someone would always park their car in the exact same spot and it was a small enough town that everyone kinda recognized it as 'his spot.' Every day, his car would be there until one day, there was construction. He parked his car at a lot somewhere and went home. The next day, he couldn't find his car. He reported it stolen and went on with life. That was the last anyone had heard of that car until three(!) years later, a friend walked by that lot he parked in that one fateful day and said "Hey, I think I found your car" and surely enough, there it was, covered in dust and whatever the elements threw at it but in the same spot he had parked it 3 years earlier.
What a rollercoaster of a Plott!
Can you imagine the call from the apartment manager? "Sean... we uh, checked the tapes... and uh... well... the person that drove away with your car this morning was.. you..."
[Day9 Reacting to his mistake](https://gfycat.com/AgileBelovedDouglasfirbarkbeetle)
It's the damn heart burn story all over again. I am dying here. 
Sometimes, I want to make jokes about his brother, but those jokes would be pretty tasteless 
I did this once with a bicycle. But I was drunk. And I didn't call the cops when I woke up the next day confused. 

Someone stole a bungee cord of my bike over the night, though. Not sure what was to gain in that. 
Omg 😭😭😭
That's the kind of thing I wouldn't share publicly
Dont do Drugs kids
Uniden NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nice story great Plott twist
I thought day9 died in a car accident years ago.
Time for a tolerance break mate
I love Sean, but he is pretty spacey even when he isn't jetlagged/sleepy - Watching him do mostly walking and day off videos where he misses obvious dialogue or text or cues makes me laugh/rage.
Lmao, Sean. We love you anyway.

that was a roller-coaster of emotions.
Bless his heart.
I am confused.

I expected /r/MagicTCG and not /r/StarCraft....
Wow I'm not even mad, I'm impressed.
does day9 still play magic? i hope he plays magic arena when it comes out for at least one friday
Oooh Lord, that chronic heartburn.  
this is your brain on drugs 
happened to me all times. quit on drinks guys.
Daddy 9 is a beast 
Still a better love story than Twilight.
Hey dude... Tasteless where is my car?
:D Hilarious and glad no car was actually stolen.
At first I thought he meant car was stolen from the carpark where he left it at the store.

Then I realised.

*oh, honey*
I'm not gonna lie. I could see something like this happening to me. 
Oh nooooooooooooo HAHAHAHA
The Plott thickens... 
This is the single most day9 thing I've ever read.
Classic Day9
For anyone who wants to read a hilarious story I have similar to this:

In college I had a roommate who was quite the party guy. I could tell how much he drank the night before by how he parked outside the apartment. If it was normal he came home sober, if he parked like Ace Ventura, I knew he was hammered.

Anyway, one morning he goes to leave for work after partying the night before and then comes running back inside talking about how someone did a hit and run on his vehicle the night before.  He went to leave and his car was all beat up like someone hit it and didn't leave a note or anything.

He calls the cops, they come out, start investigating etc.  They get their hands on the security camera footage from our apartment complex and watch it.

In the video, it's my roommate driving his car, he hits the office building of the apartment complex on his way into the complex, which you had to drive through like 25 ft of grass to do.  He gets out, looks at the damages, gets back in, and parks at our place.

So the cops are like, "It was you, you moron.  You hit the office building and didn't even remember..."  My roommate is under the legal limit by this point so they can't prove he was drunk at the time and give him a DUI for it.  He ended up getting off extremely lucky if I remember correct.  This was the last straw for him drinking-wise though, he did quit drinking cuz of it.  He hasn't touched alcohol since, and this was like 4 years ago.

There is another funny story about him setting our apartment on fire one night to the point where we were on the news and the fire department had to rush to our place lol...  It was quite the experience living with him.
Watching him tell the story on stream was a treat. When his editor uploads it to his YouTube, I would highly recommend listening to his amazing telling of the story.
Minus the 'calling the cops' part, pretty much the same thing happened to me about 20 years ago.

I was on my way home from work, stopped at the local shopping centre to pick up some groceries, and then walked home leaving my car in the carpark.

The next morning I woke up, looked down from my apartment balcony to see my car wasn't in its spot, and freaked the fuck out for about an hour before realising what an idiot I'd been to think anyone would want to steal my rusted-ass 1977 Corolla.

(Previously, while living in the same apartment, that car was broken into and everything was removed from the glove-box except for one mixtape from an ex-girlfriend.)
Love day9, most people wouldn't have put out the last tweet.
Hahahah this is the greatest story of all time!!!
Day[9]
LMAO
Not the jerking off on airplane story, I am disappointed reddit. 
What a rollercoaster.
Day9 is a national treasure.
I actually did this and figured it out myself without calling it in and filling reports...but I also felt really dumb. I used to live in an apartment building and there was a plaza across the street with a grocery store that I usually walked to. One day I stopped at the grocery store to grab something on the way home from work and parked in their parking lot, when I came out with my stuff I wasn't thinking and just walked home. In the morning when I woke up and came outside I initially freaked out and thought my car was gone but as I was walking around my building doing a panic lap I looked across the street and it was the only car in the parking lot.... (Used to get up really early for work left at like 5am)
Lol
No joke, this happened to me, but my Junkrat cosplay was in the car and they brought ~20 cops and blocked off a street of downtown San Francisco because they thought the bombs were real.

If you want to see it, Insta: @kurt.mage
Absolutely amazing
My 65 year old mother did the exact same thing, so it happens.
The plott thickens.
But are the Magic cards still there????
I'm glad I'm not the only person to have done this.
Nice starcraft content.
And this is what the tax payers waste money on.

“911 what’s your emergency?”

“I lost my dog.”
[deleted]
Smoking all that weed.
Can you imagine Sean calling the police, insurance, etc. like "soooooo yeaahhhh... not sure how to say this but my car actually was left outside of my burrito run mini mart..." 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂 DEAD 
This had me on the edge of my seat more than the star wars sequals. Thank goodness the magic cards were okay.
Fucking christ you guys don't understand emergency situations and emergency thinking.
"Jet lagged". Yeah we know what's up homie.
This reads like an Alzheimer story, I hope he just had a major brainfart. I have done things like ride my bicycle somewhere and walk home but I find it hard to imagine how you'd be convinced your car was stolen for 4 hours and go through all the procedures without backtracking to what you did with your car.
Weed boy!!!!!!!
John Bain on Twitter: "CT results. Active lymph node shrunk by 70%, tumors in liver "insignificant". No quit. 4% survival is only a number"

We're rooting for you TB!
I'm a simple man. I see TB beating cancer and I upvote. 
He's gonna do it. Terran is OP against zerg.
Get well soon TB.
you gotta laugh at the fact that years of dealing with online cancer has made him stronger in dealing with the real thing. 

hoping for some more good news from him soon.
I'm praying for him. He has helped the scene immensely, but he is also a bright man. If anything, I'm grateful that I got to see him during my life time. 
I smell a name change in the future to TotalBadass. :)

Keep it up TB, harass the shit out of that tumor's expansions until the economy is bled dry.  No surrender, and no mercy!
I'm rooting for him.  My Dad has liver cancer and they've stopped growing atm but they've also spread to his bone and lungs now.  His DR gives him a year...I know he can do more.

I know TB can do more as well.
Why only 4%? I thought the previous 2 sentences seemed to imply  things were getting better.
I really have so much respect for TB staying with the community when you know he could be doing other things with his time that make him more money. For the reason I've never wanted someone to get better from sickness in my life~    
So, cautious optimism? Any oncologists that want to weigh in?
Either this guy has a really strong immune system, or he has absorbed so much toxicity over the years that not even cancer can thrive in his body.
If I could real life transfuse you, I would. Keep up the fight!
Kick ass (cancer), TB. Keep going strong 
It takes more than rare liver cancer with a 4% survival rate to take out John motherfuckin Bain.
I don't quite get it. Does this mean that he has a 4% survival rate at a certain amount of months/years?
Keep fightin!! I lost my mom less than a month ago to cancer :(
Is it just me that didn't know he had cancer until now? Still awesome news!
Man this is incredible. It looked so grim for this guy a year ago and I know he's far from out of the woods yet - but it's great to see things going the right way for him.
Don't really like TB as a person, but he supports Starcraft and is a tough guy, a survivor, so my best wishes to him. 
Dem did his cancer come back
Let's bring back Funday Monday.  This week's theme: kill every single creep tumor.  No exceptions.
Aren't statistics typically just numbers?
While we have supply, workers and minerals it is never over.
TB, think of all the things that happened this year. 2017 doesn't make any sense, take that 4% and slap it across cancer's face.
Beautiful news. Keep up the fight, TB!
Stay strong and beat it!!
FUCK YES!! YOU KICK CANCERS ASS TB!!
Good to hear, keep kicking ass.
Cool.
what does "tumors in liver "insignificant" mean exactly? that there's a tumor but they're pretty sure it's gonna stay there and not do any damage, so they'd rather leave it there? 
Keep fighting and kick its ass TB! You dont get to leave us this early, you stil have work to do ;)
Great to hear this my dude
One tough biscuit !
Keep fighting!!
Get well soon TB. Don't always agree with you, but I hope you whoop cancer's ass. 
This makes me happy since my mother has be diagnosed with cancer recently. She is tough as nails and will beat the fucking shit out of cancer. 
I've said it before and I'll say it again, as someone who stopped watching TB and other youtubers a few years ago, it genuinely puts a smile on my face when I see stuff like this. Hats off to TB and more power to him!
Kick its ass TB.
Sending all of my positive zerg vibes to you, TB. Keep fighting! 
Attaboy TB. Beat the everliving fuck out of that cancer. 
in Russia, TB kills cancer
I stopped watching TB about a year and a half ago, but I'm glad he's getting better. :)
You go TB! Keep fighting \m/


Fucking comeback mechanics human OP cancer UP Rito plz nerf.

---

Long live our Cynical Brit. Get well soon. :)
4%? Are those the chances they have him? Fuck.
you cannot stop a man from playing game on his PC
Pimp.
Fight fight fight fight!
TB stay strong. Hope your family is doing well also 
Incredible. Best luck and wishes for a continued difficult - but hopefully rewarding - fight.
As a generally pessimistic person, this man is a walking amazement and I love and admire him more each day. TB is the type of man I'd like to be
> No quit. 4% survival is only a number

Congrats but what exactly does this last part mean? I'm unfamiliar with terminal illness/cancer terminolgy. Because to me 4% survival sounds terrible but I guess since it shrunk now it's only "a number" ?
Fuck cancer. Great news, TB!
Keep on fighting! 
Fuck yeah!
Keep strong TB, you have our support!!!
[deleted]
TB is going full mass Reaper on the tumors. gg no re
That's fantastic
Keep kicking it's ass TB! 
Hope you keep getting better, TB! :)
Such a rollercoaster for TB. Hope this is the end.
Really pulling for TB!
good luck TB
Come on TB, do it... DOOO EEEEYYTTTT. 
There is hope for Robbie...
As someone who has made it through stage four cancer treatments and had two post treatment PET scans and a biopsy come back negative, I wish him luck.  My chances of surviving five years are around sixty per cent. Four percent would be a total bummer.  But he's now considered treatable, so he could well have dodged a bullet.
What is this doing as the top 4 post of this subreddit ever? 90% upvoted! But I have a strong sense of moral and civic duty, and you won't stop me downvoting it!
What a legend.
I'm so happy for this
A W E S O M E 
That's right my 11 years old daughter's best friend's mom who died 3 days ago from breast cancer leaving behind 3 little kids just wasn't trying hard enough. Shove it. 
[removed]
How is your alphabet soup, sir?

Ill take this soup with extra cheese
Starcraft in r/all. What a time to be alive. 
ripped off Explosm.net
[deleted]
Made my day.
Wait, what the hell? What happened since Tuesday?
Hi Avilo
I relate to this on so many levels.
It's like tyranids but without the grimdark
ah my old plate #ZERGOP
4941 motherfucking upvotes and I still find people inba whining about every race 
How the hell is this so upvoted
LO FUCKING L

Love it.
I like how this post already has more upvotes than flash SC2 retirement post :D
For the love of Christ. Toss OP. The end.
It's funny, cause if anything Zerg is a little underpowered.
