It's $0.36, no big deal.
So I used to work at an ice cream chain where we prepared the ice cream with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock.


On this particular day, I was working with one other person and it wasn't too busy. Two young guys came in, about high school age. They ordered a large bowl of ice cream with a few toppings, I mixed it for them and went to ring them up. I'll use use G for guy, since I really just talked to one of them.


Me: Okay, so that'll be $x.xx

G: Okay, I have a giftcard.

Me: Great! *scans card* so it looks like you owe another $0.36 after the giftcard.


At the point, they both look at each other and shrug sadly.


G: Oh...I'm sorry, I don't have any money with me, never mind....

Me: Oh hey, it's cool, only $0.36 *I take the $0.36 out of the tip jar and put it in the till* no big deal!

G: Wow, thanks!


The two guys leave, and I thought that was that. Felt good doing something nice.


So the one guy comes back several hours later. I saw him come in, and went to the register to meet him.


Me: Oh hey! You're back. Did you need anything el...


Before I finished, and without looking at me once or saying a word, he dropped a $20 bill in the jar and immediately turned and left.


I was so shocked I just stared after him until he walked out the door.


So that was pretty cool :)




Edit: Holy crap this blew up! Thank you for the gold stranger!
Not at all where I thought this was going. Nice kid!
I  took a quarter out of my own wallet to spot a customer once and they didn't come back and give me a $20. I feel cheated.
These are the stories I love to read on this sub
What a kind young man. I mean $0.36 is nothing. I've done things like said don't worry about it. I went to buy something the other day and I had small change, I was counting it first I didn't know if I had enough and the woman said to just get as close as I could. As it was I had enough but she was just so nice about it. But for him to come back and do that. It goes to show how much of a difference you made to his day. This is just the sweet kind of story I like to see at this time in the morning.
Similar situation happened with me but vice versa. There's a burger place in Copenhagen called Banana Joe's (little shop but very popular and juicy burgers) and inside there is the large, friendly owner who works there almost every day. I'm on my way to my friends so I order 3 Cheese&Bacons + fries to go. I wait 5 minutes or so and he hands me the bag and I ask him if it's ok that I pay by card (in Copenhagen a lot of stuff is done through cards/mobile pay) but he says I cannot and I offer to quickly pop to the ATM and withdraw money (not that far away). He stops me and says "No no. I want you to enjoy these burgers fresh and warm, stop by tomorrow and pay." 

So there I am somewhat starstruck with what he's saying and ask him if he's sure. He says yes and to enjoy my evening. The next day I take the bus back to his and pay him an extra 10 dollars, he almost refused that too but I insisted. I just hope that other uni students like myself have shown him the same courtesy and not shade the guy.
Same has happened to me. A woman was 10Â¢ short so I said it was fine and that I'd just cover it with my tips since it was on a dime. She came back an hour later and gave me a $10 tip.
[deleted]
I wish customers realized that if you act like a decent human being, the employees will treat you well. Like at the store I worked in, if you showed your membership card for the shopping center, you'd get a percentage off if your total was over a certain amount. We didn't have to physically collect anything or swipe anything, so it was totally untracked. On one occasion, a customer had a $110 purchase with a ton of little things, but she was a couple bucks short on cash. She apologized profusely and asked if I could put her purchase on hold so she could run out to her car and get some more cash, apologizing the whole time. I didn't feel like going through the effort it would take to hold this transaction and didn't want to make her run to the car, so I just entered the coupon and said "ok you have enough cash now."

On the other hand, I once had a customer who was a few bucks short and he said really belligerently "I don't feel like going to my car, help me out man. Is there anything you can do?" "Nope." "Dude, what's your problem?" "You don't have cash."
Totally read the "oh I'm sorry" then saw the reaching into the tip jar" and was like ugh some people... But then...
I once gave a small kid â‚¬0.50 because I didn't want to wait for him to change his order to something cheaper. I helped him for my own selfish reasons and he probably told his parents and came back with â‚¬1 for me. I was prepared to pay a little extra to speed up my order and it ended up costing me less.
Nice to hear something good happening for once. 
>frozen piece of rock

Oh man, I love Granite Chunk Creamery.
Maybe at another time someone was rude to him about something similar, and he really appreciated you not making a scene about it. 
I had just moved to a new city, and I walked into one of the local hardware stores to buy a keyring for my new apartment keys. Old school place, very small. Just a couple of old dudes with bushy white mustaches in the back, the whole shop floor covered in sawdust. 

I find the size I want, and the guy tells me it's $0.25. I pull out my credit card (cause I'm a millenial, and I don't carry cash. Fuck me right?) He explains that they can't handle credit cards. He tells me to just take it. It's only 25 cents.

I thank him and walk back to my car where I remember I had my laundry money in the back seat. I grab 50 cents and run back to the store. I paid him 50 cents because I felt that his charity needed to be rewarded.

It's not as much as the kid from your story, but I felt a whole lot better knowing that I was able to, in some small way, reward a charitable deed.
I was the guy in a similar experience once. Went to a Puscifer show in manhattan, ordered a double whiskey on the rocks... $25.

what. 

so i hand him my card, he tells me they don't take cards...

i have $24 cash on me, super bummed, he says no worries, i'll take care of it!

i went back to my seat, enjoyed my drink, and when i went to the bathroom i found out the theatre allowed readmittance, so i just walked to an ATM, took out cash, went back to that guy's line, waited behind two people, and handed him $20 with a thank you and went back to my seat. 

he actually gave me some free food at the near the end of the show also, when i went back for a snack. 
Ok so I don't know if it's nationwide store policy but the cold stone where I'm from makes their employees sing this godawful song when you leave a tip for them and so I'm very conflicted about tipping.  I'm not trying to make them perform for my amusement but I also don't want be a cheap jerk who doesn't tip.  Is there like a code I can use when tipping so they know they don't have to sing the song?
I came here for a riot goddammit 
[deleted]
happened the other day, guy was short 50 cents in cash and was going to use his card, so I just took it out of the tip jar and the next time he came back he dropped $4 in the jar. not as big but still nice
You deserve that $20.
[deleted]
I went through an In-N-Out drive thru near the Las Vegas Strip with only my American Express card on me. Guess what card they didn't take? I was so embarrassed but the manager didn't hesitate and absolutely insisted on giving me the food anyway. I went back to my hotel, gobbled my food, and rushed back to pay. She was actually really surprised and said most people don't come back. Wow. I asked, why did you give it me, then? And she said "I will never give up my faith in humanity, thanks to people like you."

That happened 7 years ago. I haven't given up on humanity either because of that incident. I used to be so damned pessimistic about humanity. I hated everyone. Amazing how such a small act as 'not having the right form of payment' can end up changing one's entire life. It really makes me wonder where I'd be today if I'd just had a $10 in my pocket, you know? Probably still an unhappy recluse...
Did you sing?  In my experience with the frozen piece of rock establishment, tips usually result in singing.  
Man that was unexpected. I was expecting the two guys coming in week after week with the same schtick our something
"Frozen piece of rock"
Marble Slab Creamery?
Bummer that we are all so conditioned to assume this could have only been headed in a bad direction. Nice to see a rare example of an unbridled act like this being shared!
This became 3rd most upvoted post overall on r/TalesFromRetail in only nine hours.
On the other hand, one of my customers was short the other day so they just helped themselves to my tip jar without asking.  WTF.
[removed]
Awwwwwww :)
If only all retail customers were this generous, or at least this thoughtful.
Here I was all prepared to have my jimmies rustled.
For some reason The title led me to believe this would be about a terrible wage equality argument
$19.64 profit. Nice
/r/astrangermademesmile 
Did you sing that stupid song?
I used to do this for a lot of my customers at Insomnia Cookies. In return they'd come in as frequent customers and I'd always get a $5 tip from them.
Finally, a story that doesn't make me hate society!
There should be more stories like this.
I love stories like this. Last month a regular customer of mine forgot her wallet. We told her not to worry at all and covered her meal with our own food allotment. The next day she came back and bought the next customer in line, a complete stranger, her breakfast. She told us not to say anything until after she had left. People ARE awesome.
Looks like sometimes you really reap what you sow.  
Things like that really make me have some faith in humanity.
wow wtf a nice story?

this isn't what i expected

you have thrown me. i am thrown
Good for them. This year I started tipping a minimum of $10 for delivery, and I can't tell you how many times the drivers are shocked.

And that just makes me sad, because if you think about it, $10 really isn't that much.
But is it Cold Stone Creamery or Marble Slab Creamery? I guess we'll never know.
I bet his mom made him do it
Did you do the looniest song and dance of your career after he put $20 in the jar? 
[deleted]
I was expecting him snitching on you but it all ended peacefully.
Went to a clothing store with a friend who had a Gift Card And no money and had the same thing happen cause of taxes. I was going to offer to spot him but the cashier was getting annoyed with him until he put back one item. It felt so awkward, but good for you. When you do nice things people repay them.
Maybe he felt guilty he actually had money the whole time
You've heard about the seven circles of hell? Well, heaven has a nice plush lounge reserved for generous tippers.
I too would give you $20 for XXX.
Do you have to sing a song backwards when you take money out of the tip jar at Cold Stone?
There are good customers out there.. somewhere.
The guys from the webcomic *Mac Hall* (now *Three Panel Soul*) had a booth at an Otakon (I think '06 or '07). I wanted to buy a shirt but they couldn't make change and so I ended up being short like $1 on a $30+ purchase. They let me have it anyway and said they hoped I'd get them the one dollar I was short when I could.

I managed to get someone to break a $20 into like two fives and singles and returned the dollar to them.

Every subsequent year I attended I carried $60+ in singles with me just in case I ever saw them again. I wanted to repay their kindness in a weird sort of way. I never managed to see them at a con again, though.
Thats awesome. I also worked at a similar ice cream place. We would take the cash out of the tip jar before we got super busy so customers would think we weren't getting any tips.  
Anyway, I was the cone bitch for longer than I would care to admit. 
His number is in the 20. He wants to fornicate.
You got him laid. He owed you.
Makes you feel there's hope for the world after all :)
Is that why they call it coldstone?

For a while I keep ignoring this story because I thought you were going to get hurt. I'm so happy it didn't end that way!!
When I get a good waiter anywhere I go, whether that be friendly or does a good or even is really busy, I try to tip 40% for them. I may be able to see their reaction but I try to give a nice tip because it can make someone's day. And give them a morale boost to survive the day
Wow, that's an awesome story. Some of my faith in humanity restored.
Have done that for quite a few customers , if only they were generous back
>So I used to work at an ice cream chain where we prepared the ice cream with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock.

Your retail hint is way too obvious man.
I can respect that!!!
the no eye contact at the end makes me think he told his parents and they went "Ohh no they cant think we are poor" and made him do it

I know far to many people like that
See this is why (for the most part) I like teen or young adult shoppers. THEY GET IT! 
Well I got here too late...
/r/thathappend
Rarely see happy stories here...thanks!
I totally came here expecting a story about a customer throwing a tantrum about how the change you returned to them was 36 cents short.  Good for those guys!
and here I thought the other person you were working with was going to say, " wtf whats $0.36 was not yours to give "
Honestly, when the guy came back in I expected him to try to steal the tip jar hahah.
At the coffee shop I work at, we just round the total up or down to the nearest nickel/dime/quarter for convenience. It averages out and there's a decent allowed margin for error so we can do stuff like that pretty often.
I did the same thing once to a lesser extent. In college at my favorite place, i ordered food and was about $0.60 short and the guy took it out of the tip jar. Next night I returned and gave him $3 bc its all I had and said I know its not a lot but I want to tip you personally if thats possible
That Kid deserves an ice cream!
>removed

Aw, what did it say?!
on a frozen piece of... *rock*
How nice. This made me smile.
Definitely not what I expected.
/r/humansbeingbros
Even though I like a good "rude customer" story, these are always welcomed. 
mom or dad got wind of this story
I thought he would return and order another one but thats amazing ! Being awesome pays out sometimes :)
But why didn't he look at you when he returned with the tip?
This post has made it to 5,000 up votes and has been posted on the twitter account @Reddit5000!
						
To see the tweet, check here: https://twitter.com/Reddit5000/status/756913038859436032

^You ^can ^find ^all ^5,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit5000

^, ^7,500 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit7500

^,And ^10,000 ^posts ^here: ^https://twitter.com/Reddit10000
						
^(I'm a bot, don't worry about supporting me (I don't cost much)^), ^(but you can support )[^charity](http://freethoughtpedia.com/wiki/Secular_charities) ^and [^science!](http://www.sens.org/)
Could also be that his Mom or Dad made him go back
Amazing story! What a nice surprise. Thanks for the smile.
So we just have to trust this guys word? IDK IF I CAN
This is why I do strongly hold to the karma ideal. I have no disillusion that there is some mystic karmacal force residing over everyone, I just truly believe that if you make it a habit to inconvenience yourself slightly on a regular basis to make others and yourself happy, you will receive many times back your effort in return, so long as that's never the point of your actions. Never expecting rewards for your 0.1-1.0% inconvenience except for the subtle good feeling of an appreciative smile makes those times when people legitimately go out of their way to say thank feel so freaking good.
Totally unexpected! 
I'd have done the same, not with a 20$ though.  
It's rare being on receiving end of kindness.
unreal! :)
This is why you never judge anyone!

I feel like there's **definitely** a stigma against younger customers. It's sad because they're the ones who are (almost always) extremely grateful when ever they're short money and you give them some.

It's funny... I really think everyone should work retail once in their lives just to know;

1. How it feels to be treated poorly so (hopefully) they won't do it to others.

2. Never judge anyone. Yeah that old man who always comes in and asks for you just to say hi... Yeah, he has been stealing from the store almost every time he comes in.
First time a nice story from this sub has hit the front page. Not that I'm complaining--I like hearing horror stories about awful people from time to time, but this is a nice surprise!
This is great

I was just this minute hearing about a friend of mine who got his nose broken by a taxi driver who upped the agreed fair by Â£10 on arrival.

Expected something terrible.

Hate to be that guy, but: faith in humanity restored.
This is awesome!
>So I used to work at an ice cream chain where we prepared the ice cream with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock.

I'm dead
It is nice to here a positive story once in a while.
oh yay :) something like this happened when I was working at a southwestern-themed fast food joint. I worked register and a guy came in who forgot his wallet and didn't realize until he'd already had his food made, so I used my employee discount and paid for it. he came back later and handed me $10, which was more than the price of the food. I wasn't expecting that at all, I just didn't want this guy to not eat or to hold up the line (because that's when people start complaining to me like it's all my fault).
Good ole Janice The Butcher
Damn... Assuming this kid doesn't have rich parents or a job, that's quite a lot of money for a high schooler. $20 was my entire weekly allowance back when I was in high school.
That guy probably got laid or had a wonderful date. You made sure it went well, and he came to thank you because your probably made his friend really happy about the universe
I was expecting about tree fitty...
Good story. Unfortunately, the fact this story is so high because someone did something good is kinda sad because someone doing something good should be commonplace not the diamond in the rough.
What a good ending. I'm so cynical I thought you were going to be fired for this.
Where can I get this giftcard? :)
I once gave a guy who was broke down several bottles of water from my shop, it was a crazy hot day and it seemed like the decent thing to do.

Kid came back a week later and insisted on paying for all the water.  
Awesome. 
Hmmm... Don't you have to sing if someone tips you at that particular ice cream chain?
Aww, how sweet 
This is awesome!
Reset qs
Awesome! I was half expecting a story where they expected the same treatment a second time. 

I sometimes pull change out of my own pocket to split a difference like that. I always see those people again another day =D 
Touching story but why didn't he look or talk to OP the second time? It's not embarrassing to come back and tip someone especially at that amount
A little faith in humanity was just restored
What a legend
Royalty never travel with cash...
I did not expect that ending. Good on ya!
Hug that that story and that guy!
And then you had to sing!
Faith in humanity restored!
>So I used to work at an ice cream chain where we prepared the ice cream with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock.

You mean "ChillyRock?" ;)

Edit: Awww! What a nice guy! :)
This happened in an alternate univrese. Op PLEASE.
Hopefully Karma does the opposite of a bitchslap with them. 
Did you sing?
Â¢, huh. Fancy! 
I hope you sang them a fucking song for that tip haha. Man I miss working at the "frozen rock" ice cream place sometimes.
Do you think the kid's mom found out and gave him the 20 and he was embarrassed to have to go drop it in the tip jar? 
Good things happen to good people :)
You put ice cream... on a frozen rock?  Is it a way to keep it cool longer?  My mind is full of wat and potential possibilities...
ah the good ole frozen rock place. Loved dropping by there on the train down to visit family. They really thought i went to see them...bwhahahaha
Many moons ago, I too worked at an ice cream chain; one with slightly more than 30 flavors...

A guy came in one day and ordered ice cream for himself and kid. went to pull his wallet out and it wasn't there.

I told him not to worry about it, pulled a 5 out of my pocket and covered the tab.

The next day he came in and gave me a $20.

On the flip side, I had a customer try to pay for her two blended coffee drinks with a Discover card once. We didn't take Discover. I told her I'd loan her the $7ish and she can pay me back next time. Never saw her again...but she told me her name was Karma... so, there's that...
Wow what an awesome dude

Thought this was going to end way differently. 
> with various toppings on a frozen piece of rock

oh, so it wasn't on liquid hot magma?
I have a feeling he told his mom/dad what happened and they gave him the $20 and told him to go back.
I was expecting him to come back, take more from the tip jar and say "I want the chocolate ice cream"
That last part sounded like a weird interraction. Did you thank him? 
Wait...you have a tip jar at an ice cream store?
you work at a cold rock? 
This wouldn't happen to be Amy's Ice Cream in Texas, would it?
"Don't let my wife see."
First post (to TFR), let's see how this works.

I work in a small, locally owned toy shop in little college town, however we have a lot of down to earth people and families.

Couple comes in with three kids and immediately the kids go crazy, wanting to show their parents every single toy in the store. 

It's a small store but is broken into three distinct sections, rooms connected by walkways. We have a card rack next to the cash wrap that has all sorts of cards.

As the wife is being dragged by her kids around the store, the husband comes up to me and quietly goes "Don't let my wife see, we are big star wars fans" and slides me [this](http://imgur.com/a/rLtK7) card and cash to pay for it. I quietly make small talk with him about the weather and ring him up. I finish just in time as his wife and kids walk around and then grab their dad to go beg and ask for toys. 

I'm chatting with the mom and she sees a card on the card rack and says "This would be perfect for [husband] but don't let him see this," and slides me cash, finishes the transaction and winks. It's the exact same card. 

They finish their shopping, purchase a few toys for their three kids and walk out, both chuckling to themselves about how clever they are. 


edit: aw geez guys, this is the best post I've ever had on Reddit, ever. It made me so happy to share this with y'all. Have a bomb ass day!

Edit 2: changed to "first post in TFR" because I'm a little goon who ended up confusing some people. Thanks for putting a smile on my face, guys, Reddit has never made me so happy to share a story :) and HOLY MOLY! My first ever gilded post too! Guys you're all too nice! I hope your kids make you breakfast in bed once a week! 
This is the sweetest thing. I hope I have a marriage like this some day.
I'm getting so happy imagining them giving the cards to each other and opening them at the same time. This is way too cute. 
This is the cutest thing I've read all day. 
This happened with my parents about 10 years ago. While on a vacation, my mom bought my dad a hammock to hang outside at our house as a Christmas present. Fast forward a month later, and my dad takes me outside to his little hiding place in the garage to show me what he bought my mom for Christmas: it was a hammock as well! 

10 year old me didn't know what to do or how to feign excitedness and my dad got a little mad that I wasn't reacting well to the gift he got for my mom. I broke down into tears right then and there and told him my mom had gotten him a hammock for Christmas as well ðŸ˜‚
A couple years ago, my wife and I unknowingly got each other the same "I love you like a back alley hooker loves crack" valentines cards.
[Here's a picture.](http://i.imgur.com/YKwvOzo.jpg)
It sounds like they were perfectly made for each other. I hope they enjoy their cards!
This belongs in r/wholesomememes

This truly is realtionship goals.
Aw, what a happy TRF story.  Makes my day
You made it sound so much more worse in the title, ha.
My wife and I ended doing something similar. We went through a bit of a phase buying fridge magnets with stupid puns on them.

Come Valentine's Day one year, and we give each other a card with a magnet in it.

[This](http://i.imgur.com/KeCyivK.jpg) is the result.
My girlfriend and I did this at Christmas time last year. Crazy thing is that we got each other the same card, purchased from different stores. So when we were exchanging gifts, I told her to open hers first, so she opened the card and she immediately burst into laughter. I was like "I thought the card was good but not THAT good" then she made me open my card and I understood.
Sadly, the wife cut off her hair and sold it to pay for the card, and the husband pawned his heirloom watch.
I can just imagine how this went down when they got home. So gorgeous. 
That is definitely chew love. 
I am glad you enjoy these moments on your job. I am not in retail, but I deal with customers every day and moments similar to these are the moments I cherish.

I wish I could explain, but suffice it to say I get to see people who care about what they do and who they are dealing with on a daily basis and it is a joy to be a part of.
I honestly thought this was going to end with the wife making a random comment about how stupid Star Wars was and make it obvious that the card was indeed not for her. 
This reminds me of the box episode in SpongeBob when Squidward is watching TV and two fish give each other boxes as gifts. Anyways, thanks for sharing this great story.
That's very romantic, it shows the spouses are highly compatible, thoughtful, and very much in love with each other.
I have an incredibly similar story:  My parents were celebrating their 5th anniversary in 1968.  The album Blood, Sweat, and Tears had just come out and they both loved it.  My dad bought a copy as an anniversary present for my mom.  He snuck it in to the the house after work while my mom was in the bathroom.  He heard her coming and looked for a place to stash it so she wouldn't see.  He had the bright idea to stick it in the fridge until he had a chance to wrap it without her seeing it.  

He opened the refrigerator and there was a copy of the same record my mom had bought him and stashed as he was driving in the driveway.

They're still married.
lol I see so many negative stories in this sub, it's nice having a cute story like this to lighten things up a little. :) 

Relationship goals 
My parents have done something similar. Before Christmas we were in Germany (Erzgebirge to be exact, they are known for woodworking and their beautiful Christmas decorations) and saw a very beautiful Christmas pyramid (don't know if that's the right word or if you even have that in the US), it looked kind of like [this](https://www.google.at/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erzgebirge-palast.de%2Ferzgebirge-volkskunst-blog%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F11%2F1-stoeckige-Pyramide-Kurrende-27cm-1414147864__4250309205835_24-15-20190_152-0190_w.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.erzgebirge-palast.de%2Ferzgebirge-volkskunst-blog%2Ftag%2Fweihnachtspyramide%2F&docid=7XJxFNYGaekiiM&tbnid=dLSF0Le2IEhnmM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwjsot6l7N_TAhWHLMAKHbdGBPM4yAEQMwgsKCowKg..i&w=1914&h=2000&client=ms-android-tmobile-at&bih=568&biw=360&q=pyramide%20weihnachten&ved=0ahUKEwjsot6l7N_TAhWHLMAKHbdGBPM4yAEQMwgsKCowKg&iact=mrc&uact=8) but prettier ;)

We and our Dad bought it for our Mom and on Christmas we realized that she had also bought the exact same one. I still hope I can one day steal one of them :)
[removed]
*How sweet it is to be loved by chew*
> edit: aw geez guys, this is the best post I've ever had on Reddit, ever. It made me so happy to share this with y'all. Have a bomb ass day!

Heck, this might be the best post on Reddit.
[deleted]
...and then they both gave the cards to their secret lovers, without ever realising they were both cheating in the same manner. 
[removed]
Should x-post on r/StarWars
Really nice to see a happy story in this sub, just for something different. 
I need to find this card for my wife! 
This reminds me of my girlfriend and I yesterday. We were both driving separately to the same place and got stopped next to each other at a red light. Simultaneously we both looked over and blew a kiss to the other one, she thought it was so adorable.
WHOAH. Too weird, literally just bought this card for my boyfriend for our anniversary. Can't wait to give it to him!
Sent this to my husband and he agreed, this would totally be us (minus the kids). We are already known as "that Star Wars house" in our neighborhood, which we only moved into 7 months ago. We dressed up as Han and Leia for Halloween (our dogs were Chewy and R2, and even our foster dog was Yoda) and had a 5ft inflatable Yoda with lightsaber and Santa hat in our yard for the holidays.
You wouldn't possibly happen to work at Poor Richards in Colorado Springs, would you?
They're gonna do sex to each other after this one. 
I read the title and "toy shop" and thought this was going in a wholeeeeeeeeeeeee different direction.


that was so good!

thanks for sharing ðŸ˜€
And then there was a fourth kid....
Ah, the famous perennial story, the Gift of the Jedi.
This reminds me of the gift of the magi... the gift of the Jedi perhaps?
I missed and had to reschedule a meeting today, am currently locked out of my car and house, am anxious about my mom starting chemo tomorrow and while trying to get a hold of her before her informative appointment today, found out her mom (my grandmother) is being checked into the hospital for an ongoing infection. Ive done my best to walk around, enjoy the sunshine, pick flowers (from my yard, not neighbors) to gift my mom and grandmother, which eased my heart a bit. But this, this right here, this made me crack a big old smile.

Tldr: rough Monday made better by this post. Thank you!! And from one retail worker to another, keep savoring the good exchanges! Wishing many your way today 
I just love this! Have an up vote! 
Lol me and my friend did this for christmas last year but with breaking bad shirts
My and my sister both bought my grandma the same birthday card last year, but she was the one delivering them so made sure hers was opened first.
... I think I know these two people...
Why delete it?
That is perfect. A nice story between all the "trash customers".
I would love to hear about what happened when they exchanged cards. I guess we will never know. Cutest thing I've read today, thank you for sharing this story. 
I Chew Chew Chews you.


welp, this made me a bit more happy for today considering I got crap to deal with, thanks op!
I'm glad it was a pleasant retail experience. I was not expecting this :)
This made me laugh, honestly.  This proves not all tales from retail are about awful people.  Thanks for sharing.
There was one Christmas that my boyfriend and I both gave each other DVD players.  I'm honestly shocked it hasn't happened again. Buying each other the same gift I mean, not specifically DVD players. 
Please tell me they got the same card for each other.
Fuck. Reddit has me so jaded I assumed this had to do with infidelity before I read it.
This is a wholesome retail tale
OP, I need this card. where can i buy
Please tell me those are cards with sound effect?
i wish to have a wife as thoughtful as her and children as sweet as them.
Relationship goals right there. They sound like a very good couple.
My wife and I got each other the same card for Christmas three years in a row. It may sound sweet but it's because there's a severe lack of cat related cards at the store. 
Imgur overloaded. could someone describe the card? Thanks :)
My anniversary is on May 4th. I cannot tell you how perfect this card would have been.
That's adorable. My parents did similar 2, or 3 years ago for their anniversary. They went out separately to get each others gifts and cards, they both bought 2 cards each. They both bought the same 2 cards from 2 different stores.
That is seriously adorable!
Reminds me of the year that my sister and I, living in different states at the time, both bought the exact same anniversary card for our parents :)
Is this a certain store in a certain college town in a certain state called Ohio?
I like this one much better than the one with the watch fob and the combs.
you should post on /r/wholesomememes 
My boyfriend and I did this with [our Valentine's cards](http://www.papersource.com/item/Love-your-Fanny-Valentine-Card/10000297.html) this year :)
I chew chew chews you.
Wooow, This went nuclear. It's already the second-best post ever on TFR!
I have the biggest smile after reading that! 
That is so sweet! Good on you, good person!
I've had similar experiences selling at sci-fi conventions.  The best was selling a guy a replica One Ring from LOTR and him then proposing to his gf with it 5 minutes later.
This is like a modern day O. Henry story! 
Was reading top tales from retail and promptly *awwwwwwwd* at your story. :D Just wanted to know if you've seen them since.
Great, now my boss is asking me why im smiling like an idiot.
The key to any good marriage is communication. They'll have to learn that the hard way when they realize they paid $2 for a card instead of just paying $1. 
>First post

>the best post I've ever had

You're a phony!

Hey, this guy's a great big phony!
I must know what the inside of that card says.
This reminds me of the time my parents who never exchange anniversary gifts got each other electric knives for their anniversary. They ended up keeping both of them.
Is this Lawrence, KS?
This isn't growing tree in PA, is it?
My (ex) husband and I unknowingly had the same inscriptions carved in our wedding rings. There was no inside joke or sentimental meaning behind it. We just each thought we were being clever.
I've seen a similar thing happen with a husband and wife both not wanting the other to know...

But instead of being in a toy shop it was at a house party, and instead of buying a Star Wars card it was sneaking off for cheeky line of charlie.
I really confused myself as I read the title then saw the card from the image. I through the card was meant for you!
not what i was expecting from this sub, definitely a good /r/wholesomememes material :)
I just can't anymore â™¡
[deleted]
Tears of joy are rolling down my face as I masturbate.
In your little college town,  are people usually not down to earth?  I would think that because its a small town and not a big city that people would generally be more humble.  You must be from a country other than the United states because here small college towns usually have the down to earth people. 
[deleted]
>First post, let's see how this works...

Downvote. 
The day I pretended to be someone's dad
The owner is a family friend and asked me if I could cover because they were short on staff. So, I think this counts on TFR. This takes place in a small ~~convenient~~ convenience store. 

There wasn't much to do so I decided to walk around maybe reorganized misplaced items when suddenly a kid (maybe 3-4 years old) holds my hand. I kind of look around to see if someone lost their kid and then I see a young lady gave me a "go on" gesture. I'm a bit confused as what she wants me to do but whatever I was bored and this kid looked cooler than my friends. So I asked if he liked candy and asked which one he liked. He didn't say anything and just pointed to some gummy worms.

>Me: That's cool. Me too! I like the sour ones because I can make this face. *sour face* 

This made the kid laugh

>Boy: I love you daddy *hugs me*

TBH I freaked out a bit and thought this kid couldn't possibly be mine as I looked over to the young lady she started tearing up.

>Me: I love you too, son

The boy ran back to the lady

The lady walks up to me and hugs me

>Lady: I'm so sorry for that, my husband just passed away 2 days ago. This is the first time I saw him talk since that day.

>Me: I'm sorry for your loss

>Lady: Thank you

They proceeded to leave. The boy is waving his gummy worms at me and I do the sour face and he does the same.


Edit: Wow, didn't expect this to go as big as it did. Thanks for the gold strangers and thank you people for the kind words.
This is much cuter than what I was expecting! Good on you for helping that mom and son out in their hard times!
Time to do some big brother volunteer work! (even if you don't good on you)
Excuse me, I'm going to go watch my son sleep a little bit
Who's cutting gummy worms in here?
Now I need gummy worms 
That's so adorable!!! My mom is a geriatric nurse and I go hang out at the nursing home she works at since I've been unemployed. I have spent entire days pretending to be the grand daughter of like 3 little old ladies. ðŸ˜ŠIt makes them feel better having a visitor and is fun for me, too.
HHHHH this is the sweetest thing I've ever read. 
Clean up on aisle *feel*.
It's an adorable story, but I can't help but laugh at the cruel thought of ruffling the kids hair, stooping down, grasping him gently by the arms, looking straight at him and saying:

*"I'm not your dad kiddo, daddy is dead and he's never coming back"*

Then just walking off.

^(Just to clarify this is not something I actually would do it's a joke please no pitchforks)
/r/wholesometextposts
You are truly awesome and you've made my night. What a good story to end my Sunday.
/r/actlikeyoubelong  
  
That's a beautiful story op. I got the feels. I haven't seen my kids in a mere 8 hours but npw I'm sad.
Can someone make a comic of this please? I need the feels in another medium.
Did you get her number? 
This is exactly why I'm a Scout leader. I went through the program and the amazing people helped shape me into the person I am today. Though I come from a great family that's fully intact, the whole program helps out the youth in incredible ways that I just wanted to be able to give back and help out the next group in turn. Good on you, you changed the kid's life. What you did was make a positive impact on his life which is what I aim to do every time I volunteer with the Scouts. Keep up the good work, do your best, and help other people at all times. Cheers!
I work in IT and I admit I'm really awkward around children, especially toddlers. Once I had to work in a childcare to put up wireless access points. 

So I walked into this room to look into a damage created by a contractor who broke a light fitting while putting in a network point. 

It was late in the day, around the time the parents came and pick up the children. 

I walked into this room and suddenly this kid came up to me and hugged my leg, making me feel really awkward. The childcare staff who escorted me just laughed and said I look a bit like the kid and he probably mistook me for a relative. I just said hi, and inched away slowly. 

Don't know why, I just felt like telling this story after reading this post. 

Disclaimer: I'm a minority so my looks are rare around these parts. 
this has to be one of the oldest email FWDs of all time, come on mate
..and then you noticed your wallet missing. 
I'm not crying >.> YOU'RE crying!!!
Give him the gold
Now you owe child support
This kid is halfway in age between my two. Now my eyes are leaking slightly while on the train home. I'll have to give them some solid sized hugs when I get there..
Came to this sub for stupid customers not feels
Reddit history
No ninjas cutting onions around here
You showed incredible empathy. Your mother is somewhere beaming with pride. Thank you for being this person.
stupid onions
I come here to laugh, not to feel...
I thought I was reading from TIFU until I read the ending. Good Op. 
Wholesome AF
I'll be back. I need to go punch some meat, chug a beer, work with power tools...
And fuck you I am NOT crying!
Reading through top posts on tales from retail and just wanted to say that was an incredibly kind thing for you to do. ;_; So touching.

Did you ever see them again?
Thought I was on r/tifu and was so confused as to how this was a fuck up!
[removed]
If I could upvote this more than once I would. That is both heartbreaking and heartwarming in equal measure. When I remember how to give gold over mobile again it's yours my friend :)
That is SO fucking cute and sad at the same time.
THESE ARE NOT THE FEELS I CAME HERE FOR.
i didn't come here to cry, i didn't sign up for this "story with an extra side of tears" program. :(


also, did that mother just walk away with a bag of gummy worms?
Who left the onions out???
I love you daddy...?
You're pretty good at picking up cues. That must make you popular with friends and family.
Direct hit to the feels generator... shields collapsing...
I thought this was tifu and you were going to end up getting arrested or something
Oh my god this is so sweet
God this is heart breaking. :( Happy that you got to give some light in to the kids day.
Ow! Right in the feels! You did a good thing, OP
I'm sweating from my eyes
fucking hell
Now *that* is how you think on your toes, to handle a possibly stressful situation.
Kleenex, anyone?
This made me tear up
You mad me cry man.
How's it feel to be mistaken for a ghost?

This is so sad, but I love it. Much respect to you!
You went away to buy cigarettes, but your son found the store you went to. All's good now.
I expected this to go in the completly different direction
Haha totally adorable! I loved the ending with the kid waving his worms at you. 
http://i.imgur.com/axoXRcc.jpg

This is killing me. In the feels like a mufucka.
As a father of two this hit me really hard. Thank you so much for doing what you did. I have no words adequate enough to describe how much I would appreciate what you did if this were my son in this situation.

Thank you. Sincerely.
Wow, it's heartwarming and sad at the same time.  Hope that little guy is doing better now.
OMG, I'm sorry you were placed there, but +1 humanity you humored the situation and went with it, and maybe brightened that boys day!!  
  EDIT: reading all the other posts...of dads, of those who lost dads (and having issues with my dad currently, he's in palliative care basically)...STOP THE DAMN ONIONS NINJAS!!...  
  But yea, good on you, and glad to see so many dads and parents on this post can take notice.
You are a sweet human being 
who the fuck decided to leave this bowl of onions here
Plot twist: kid is being trained as a pickpocket, OP's cash and credit cards are gone.

Seriously though this is really sweet.
That's an amazing thing you did. Now I'm all teary eyed and sobbing into my coffee. 
This really pulled my heart strings in crying right now 
https://m.imgur.com/t/sad/vPD5S87
Hey op. You should date the mom.
Wow... this... just wow. I lost my mother when I was a kid, so I know how hard it can be. You helped that kid a lot.
This made me tear up, and I never cry, damnit!!
I came here looking for the usual tale of retail woe... Now I'm tearing up.. Thanks... If I wasn't broke I'd give you gold.
Someone is cutting onion in my room :,-)
As a father of a nearly 2 year old champ: dude, you cannot do that. You canÂ´t just post this so IÂ´m going to read this at work and tear up at work as a consequence.

All kidding aside: you really made me tear up. Thank you for being such a great person. 
THE FEELS OP THE FEELS
Who's cutting onions?
Onions!!  Who keeps cutting onions at Reddit?!?
As a dad, that gets me right in the feels. Well done.
Right in the feels 
Oh boy, cue the waterworks... Wasn't expecting that twist ending
TEARS. WET TEARS
Sounds like the start of a relationship OP.
This is a lot nicer story than that greentext i cant seem to find now where the old lady tried the same thing... 
I was not ready for this today...
T.T
Wow, it's moments like this we never forget 
Sweetest sour face ever.
damn :( poor kiddo
I just woke up, gah. Tears rolling. That was the sweetest moment ever. 
Aw. Thats so sad. 
I hope you got his name and keep up with what's he doing because one day that boy will grow to thank you in a book/interview/speech. 
Go post this over on the wholesome subreddit network.
Oh good lord. I have a 5 yo and a 4 yo. The thought of what that family has gone through. Oh my god.
That is so heartbreaking. 
I was expecting something like you sticking up for your family friends kid and pretending to be your family friend. Great story.
No, YOU'RE crying. ðŸ˜­
I came here for reels, not for feels...
I expected something terrible like the mom wanting to sue someone for touching her kid for easy money, but then got....feels instead. Sure didn't expect that.
You're a hero, bro.
Good on you for being so kind even tho it must have felt awkward. 
Aw, fuck me
wow. love this story. just love it. there should be a subreddit for wholesome stories like this. 
Great, now I'm in tears. Bruh.. If I'm ever eating sour gummy worms, I'm gonna think of you. 
Goddamnit what's with all the sand in my eyes today.

Thanks for the story. (sorry I'm 4 months late)
Dumb Ninjas cutting onions. 
Incredibly late to the party, but this made me tear up. Absolutely beautiful. Thanks for being a good human. 
/r/frisson would appreciate these wholesome feels. 
Wow, that got really sad at the end. Good on you.

And it's [Convenience Store](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convenience_store) 
You should have asked where they live so you can give toys to this kid and play with him during your free time.
God dammit OP, I am not drunk enough for these feels (it's ok people, I don't work tomorrow. Worked this weekend)
Great now I have to put my sunglasses on on my commute...
You deserve the gold
You can't be dropping this on me as I sit here rocking my son to sleep.  
Goddamit. 
I'm not crying,..
As a father of young children, this story terrified me. 
This is awesome, just be careful about this type of scenario on other countries.  I am happy to hear you were able to make this kids day.

Edit: Idiots... downvoting a serious warning.  Their are people who will kill you, take all you own and bait you with their kids to do it.  But sure, avoid a fair warning, maybe this will be your Darwin moment.
> my husband just passed away 2 days ago. This is the first time I saw him talk since that day.

Dude... you were in... way to blow it
I look forward to the eventual "I banged a milf in the storage closet" post.
But did you smash?
Looks like that kid just wanted the D... *for dad*.
If you're rude and refuse to pay, we have the right to refuse services, even after they're done
So I was in the shop one day, a customer was in getting some keys copied, nice and simple job. Suddenly while I've got the machine running, some shirtless guy comes in looking really frantic. I tell him I'll be just a minute longer, then I finish the keys, and send the first customer on his way.

> Frantic dude: "jeez, took you long enough, I need you to come unlock my car"

I'm already a little annoyed since its almost closing time, but I just figure he's got a kid/dog/groceries in the car and give him the benefit of the doubt. 

> Me: "No problem, where is it?"
> FD: "A couple miles that way, my girlfriend drove me over here. You can follow us to it."

I get some info from him, the kind of car it is, his name/number/address in case we get separated, etc. 

> FD: "My phone's in the car so if you call it I won't answer"
> Me: "Then how about your girlfriend's number?"
> FD: "Hers is in there too"

Well ok then

Since it's pretty much closing time, I just go ahead and set the alarm and lock the doors as I leave, he doesn't like this and starts saying how I'm taking forever. Yeah yeah, take a chill pill, 5 extra seconds won't kill you.

I get in my truck and follow him out there, when we get there I grab my tools and head to the car. Surprisingly, there's nothing in there except for the keys on the seat. No kids or dogs, so now I'm just hoping it's actually their car. 

> FD: "You'd better not mess up my doors, this is a classic"

Yeah, a classic Ford POS

I open it up in about 10 seconds and check the insurance card, and yup it's their car. I pick up the keys and go over to him, tell him it's $40, and he just looks at me dumbfounded.

> FD: "Wait you mean I have to pay for this?"

Ummm, yeah?

> Me: "Yes sir, we charge a service call when we have to go out to the location."
> FD: "Well I'm not paying for that, you did it in 10 seconds, I could've done that myself if I'd have known"
> Me: "Well I'm sorry, but I can't do this for free."

I could've, but there was no real urgency like a life endangered, plus he was rude about the whole thing. We normally would just bill someone in the situation, but we've been burned too many times, so we'll only do that for companies.

> FD: "I'm not paying for that, I don't have any money"
> Me: "Then if you think you can do it yourself, go for it."

I throw his keys in the car, lock the doors, shut it behind me, and leave. 
I get home about ten minutes later, then after probably an hour he calls back.

> FD: "I can't get it open, come back and open my car again"
> Me: "I can go out again, but I'll have to charge you for two service calls."
> FD: "F- you A-hole, I'm not paying you 80 bucks"
> Me: "Then you can call out *other locksmith nearby*, I'm sure he'll be happy to help y-" *click*

I didn't tell him, but they charge $100 to unlock cars. 

Never heard back from him
I would have been disappointed if you **hadn't** locked his keys in his car after he refused to pay.

Good on you for standing your ground. 
> I didn't tell him, but they charge $100 to unlock cars

I was about to say, $40 sounds too generous to unlock a car
It took ten seconds because you know what you're doing and he doesn't, that's also why you have to pay for services, skilled vs unskilled.
I was hoping for: "I'll have to charge you for two service calls, and an extra out of hours charge." 
I don't know, $40 doesn't really seem like a lot to fix a fuck up, like locking my keys in my car...
I've only had one customer not pay me, but since she was obviously poor and suffering from the mental overload that poverty imposes I handed over her keys. I also gave her some practical advice on how to not get in that situation again. She got a 20 from a family member, and I made her a spare key that would work her door.  
  
I've had several others that didn't want to pay me, but I sit in their driver's seat filling out my invoice with their keys in my hand. If they get vocal I happily offer to call the sheriff to help us resolve matters. Strangely enough, no one has taken me up on the offer.
Seems like the guy needed a dose of reality. Nothing in life is free, pal.
Fantastic. This had the happy ending I hoped it would. You should cross-post it in /r/MaliciousCompliance. 
On the flipside. I had to wait like 4 hours for a locksmith to arrive once. I gave them pretty simple instructions and a address. I have access to 3 different GPS systems and checked google while I was waiting. There was nothing wrong with that address. They just couldn't find it for the longest time. When they finally got there, they tried to charge double because of the amount of time they wasted. Yeah... thats not how that works. I eventually got half price after telling them to just leave.
Why did you pass up the opportunity to see how much damage he caused in that missing hour? At the least you should have phoned the other guy and given him a heads up. 
>"I'm not paying for that, I don't have any money" Me: "Then if you think you can do it yourself, go for it."

>I throw his keys in the car, lock the doors, shut it behind me ...

Perfect.  I would have done the same thing.  OK, you so smaht, you figure it out.
>I throw his keys in the car, lock the doors, shut it behind me, and leave.

I came.
i think i'm in love with you
Holy crap nuggets how did this get 5th of all time in r/talesfromretail
reminds me of this story...

*The Graybeard engineer retired and a few weeks later the Big Machine broke down, which was essential to the companyâ€™s revenue.  The Manager couldnâ€™t get the machine to work again so the company called in Graybeard as an independent consultant.*

*Graybeard agrees. He walks into the factory, takes a look at the Big Machine, grabs a sledge hammer, and whacks the machine once whereupon the machine starts right up. Graybeard leaves and the company is making money again.*

*The next day Manager receives a bill from Graybeard for $5,000. Manager is furious at the price and refuses to pay. Graybeard assures him that itâ€™s a fair price. Manager retorts that if itâ€™s a fair price Graybeard wonâ€™t mind itemizing the bill. Graybeard agrees that this is a fair request and complies.*

*The new, itemized bill readsâ€¦.*

*Hammer:  $5*

*Knowing where to hit the machine with hammer: $4995*
'
/r/maliciouscompliance, kind of
This makes me very happy. Thank you OP. Thank you. 
And this is why you pay $65 a year for AAA.

Not that I've had to call them for lock out service 3 times in one month. Certainly not me.

Thank God for keyless entry on my current car.
With the way he was hurrying you along to lock up your shop, I actually thought this was going to be a story of how he was a distraction to rob you. Glad it wasnt. 
As I was reading this, I could see it building up towards you throwing the keys back in the car. You didn't disappoint, OP.
Savage.
After you threw the keys in the car, how did you lock it fast enough for him to not react to you locking the door?

From the sound of the story he sounds like the kind of person that would try to block you from locking it in that situation.

Or did he just stand there asking you what you were doing or something like that?

I don't know much about locks.
He seems like the kind of guy that blames every one else when things go bad for him....
"You did it in 10 seconds"

And a couple years' training...
"Yeah, a classic Ford POS"

I must now endeavor to find a situation in my life in which I can utilize this phrase.
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/87yIlaZ
I once locked my keys in my car at college, and the campus police tried but failed to get the door open, so they asked if I wanted a crack at it.  I did and managed to Open it.  Officer was impressed, said my model of car was hard to get into:  so that's the story of how I broke into my own car
I was having a bad day.

I'm not having a bad day anymore. Thank you, OP.
Why would he assume he didn't have to pay?
OP, this belongs in /r/OddlySatisfying.
Ah man, that was fantastic. :D
Great job OP! That's the sort of calm and appropriate response to bad customers I like to see. 
Having done the same thing with lock out tools when I was a tow jockey, I would ALWAYS make them pay up front. No deals, no questions you pay me and thats it!
I used to work at a dry cleaner, and once every few months I'll get people coming in asking for a hanger cuz they locked their keys in the car.  
One time I saw a poor girl out there in 95 degree weather with no shade at all trying to get her door unlocked with a wire hanger.  
About 30 minutes later, a patrolling cop saw her and about 10 minutes later another cop came and slim jimmed it for her
as a fellow locksmith, thank you.

also, any interest in lishi? they blow people's minds when you unlock their cars with them. 
I'm glad I have AAA (triple a) they have helped me out so many times 
This was so satisfying for me. I really wish I could do something like this on a daily basis haha
You're one of my favourite people now, you saw the opportunity and you took it, and I wouldn't want it any other way.

*"We have the right to refuse service, even after the service has been completed"*
I love it
Please call the other locksmith and ask them. And then update us. Please op. I never bug, but I'm begging now. 
Can you not send him the bill and when he refuses to pay just send it to collections?


Only $40??  For saving my skin I would round that up to $50 and call it a lesson learned.  

I hope that guy got some instant karma.  (well in addition to the instant karma you dealt him ;) )
One word: sweeeet!

Now if I were in your shoes when he called the 2nd time, I would have said "sure, if you come back to my shop with $100 cash, I'll go back and unlock your car.  Otherwise go fuck yourself.  BTW: you have 10 minutes to get here.  9:59, 9:58..."
A bit late to the party, but how do you open the car within 10 seconds? Is it that unsecure? 
I did a car mechanic education but i'd not know a way to open it without getting to the mechanism..
Thanks for the laugh. What a chump.
Lol that fuckhead, i used to work in a locksmith shop installing safes and saw alot of crazy people come through
I'm honestly surprised he didn't try and deck you for doing that omg
That was so satisfying I made an "Mmmm..." sound.
This is beauuuuuutiful
This is why I'm glad I've always had AAA. I can't count how many times I've locked my keys in my car and had to call AAA or my parents (who had a spare key) to come unlock my car. I eventually just got a magnetic case to attach a spare key to the bottom of the car.
I love a happy ending
Fucking. Glorious. 
You didn't mention the fee before you unlocked the car? 
GG you are champ lols
>Me: "Then if you think you can do it yourself, go for it."

Pure gold, I love it
If the only other guy in town does it for $100, why not raise your price to at least $60?

Still well below the competition but a big enough increase from your current rate to substantiate the change.
Years ago, I called the cops to help with my keys locked in the car. They showed up but clearly had no idea what they were doing, but they were willing to call another officer who "knew how to do it". I was getting off work early for the first time after working 16 hour days for 11 days straight so I asked if I could just smash out my own back window. He said sure and I asked to use his nightstick. Much hemming and hawing, not sure, gotta call that one it. Never mind. I smashed the back window with the hilt of my sword and was on my happy way.
Probably would've saved a lot of trouble just talking price before doing the service.
It would have been better to tell him of the charge before providing the service.

I completely don't blame you for locking his keys back in, I think that's hilarious and well deserved. But the charges should have been explained first. Also if you had explained it first at the shop, he could have said "never mind" and left and you could have gone home early. 

I learned this from making that mistake at my job. 

L

Hah what a pleasant ending. 
Good. 
I'm glad you got to shove it to this guy. It sounds like he really deserved worse. 
Funny thing is there a lot of police/fire departments that do this service for free. Sucks for this dude, seems like he never learned the value of skills.
You are my hero
ihmm so satisfying. perfect move
How did he call you at home?
I feel so happy reading this. Thank you.
I'd have then  called all the other locksmiths in town and warned them. 
This would be why I've had AAA since the year I locked my keys in my car on 3 separate occasions. I <3 my locksmith! (and I've developed better exit-car-make-sure-all-keys-are-in-hand strategies!)
Nah, my car's not *that* fancy... Although it's got an analog clock on the dash!
I would have then called every locksmith in town and told them my story.  See if the asshat gets any help then.
As someone dating a locksmith, *thank you*
Diet Coke Ladies
Worked at a fast food chain when I was in high school. Many stories to be had about the work, but the only one really worth mentioning is a happy one. 

One of our recurring customers was "the diet coke ladies". Every afternoon, they would come through the drive thru and order 2 medium diet cokes. It was two older ladies, with their dogs in the back of their little Rav 4. Always nice, always wanting only 2 medium diet cokes. Occasionally, if things were super slow, we'd have a little chat as they paid (only a minute or two), and they would drive up to the second window for their drinks. Everyone in the store knew them, and you just had to shout "diet coke ladies are here!" and the person up front would get the drinks ready. 

As I was getting ready to go to college in a couple weeks, I happened to mention it to them. They were glad for me, and wished me well. 

Two days later, they came through the drive-thru per usual, but when they paid, they also handed me a little box, wrapped with a little silk ribbon. Inside was a silver pen, and engraved on the side was "2 Medium Diet Cokes". 

They told me they wanted me to pass my first test with it. 
Please tell me you still have that pen?
awwwww! I love it! 
I always think of this elderly couple I served all summer when I worked at a 24 hour breakfast joint. My last shift serving them, they put a $10 bill in my hand and said, "Good luck at school!" I was going into my last year of college. 

I'm glad you passed your first test with it!!
I have a similar fast food story. Mine is about an elderly couple who would come in every day and buy two apple pies and two senior coffees. When I saw them coming, I would rush to get their order on a tray and then run to get the door for them. After several months they stopped coming. I think it might have been close to a year, but after some time, the husband came into the store by himself and told me his wife had passed away. I gave him a hug with his apple pie and coffee. 
This is the kind of old lady I hope to be someday.
Awwww, that is amazing.  I love those rare, truly wonderful customers.
At first glance, I thought this was going to be a story about a group of ladies wanting diet coke when you had none or something like that. I don't personally work in fast food(or any other job), but it's nice to see things like this.
I expected this to be about some really obnoxious customers, like a whole gaggle of them demanding Diet Coke, and was pleasantly surprised. Thanks for sharing, OP.
Man I don't why but this story hit me right in the feels.  Such sweet customers.
You're a better person than I. I would've been like "how tf am I supposed to take a scantron with a pen?"
Awww! I had a similar regular customer when I worked at a fast food joint in high school. We would chat while I made her order. One day she mentioned to me that she loves the strawberry smoothies we make but she likes mine the best (I filled them to the brim - sit on it, international corporation!)

So after that I started giving her two scoops of strawberry instead of one, and she then only ever came and got a smoothie when she saw me. All we had to do was make eye contact and I knew what she wanted - she would also ask for me when I was off.

It was always a pleasure to see her and chat with her. 
I love stories like this! I was always reading at my first job as a buffet cashier and one regular noticed and would ask about books. One day near Christmas he brought me a punch card from a bargain book store (where it turned out he worked). It was good for a $20 gift card once all the punches were punched... And they already were. It looked like he had been using it himself and getting the punches as it was worn down a bit and he gave it to me after saving up! (: 
Aww nice regulars are awesome. That's so sweet.
I haven't worked in retail for a *lot* of years. Having been there, I try to be a good customer. Man. Sometimes those workers really make my day. 

I smile. 

They smile back. 

I make a lame joke they've heard a thousand times before...

But for me, it's genuine. I just wanted to brighten your day. And the checkout person smiles. The kind that reaches the eyes. 

That smile melts me. I know my joke was dumb, but thank you for sharing your smirk. 
I fucking lost it man. The /engraved pen/ that said "2 medium diet cokes"
This totally wasn't the direction I saw this story going. Awesome though! 

Side note: I ALWAYS order Diet Coke and/or pop at fast food places (I just like the taste better, ok?!) and feel like the workers judge me for ordering diet pop with fast food lol. 
Was waiting for the part where they paid your college tuition. 
Oh my god, I seriously thought you were going to turn out to be someone I knew, because this is almost exactly the same as when I worked in fast food!

We also had two Diet Coke ladies (sisters), except they would visit separately, usually within an hour of each other several times a day, and they would get larges, not mediums.

They were so nice, and occasionally one would be looking for the other, or ask us to pass us along a message. One of the best parts of working there.
Holy cow! Thank you for the gold! My first ever. Happy someone liked the story so much, and that their kind act inspired yet another. :) 
We have a diet coke lady and she's pretty nice (I guess, don't talk much). But every single overnight that I do right around 4:50-5am she comes through and orders a large diet coke.
aw, my eyes are sweating 
Plot twist: his first test was a scantron
There really needs to an /r/wholesometalesfromretail 
daww!
What a sweet story!
i worked at a dutch bros coffee shop for about a year. my customers supported me thoroughly in my endeavors, regardless of what they were, with cards, gifts, sometimes even money. every gesture touched my heart.
The question that is on everyone's mind:

Was the Rav4 like [this](https://www.cstatic-images.com/car-pictures/xl/U8TOGER5.png) or [this](https://media.ed.edmunds-media.com/toyota/rav4/1998/oem/1998_toyota_rav4_convertible-suv_base-wsoft-top_rq_oem_1_500.jpg) or [this](https://media.ed.edmunds-media.com/toyota/rav4/1996/oem/1996_toyota_rav4_2dr-suv_base_fq_oem_1_500.jpg)?
I am *totally* not tearing up, nope, not... (*sniffle...*)
Working fast food sucks but the regulars made it tolerable.
Amidst a sea of batshit crazy it's good to see a simple heartwarmer like this one. :)
Reminds me of this sweet old lady at my first job. She always ordered a small pepperoni pizza, burnt. Great tipper. 
That made me smile so hard.
Why am I crying in the club right now
You probably wouldn't have had a job anymore if you told them, but wouldn't it be cheaper for them to buy it in a store?
This is seriously so uplifting to hear! 
Do the same thing they did. Inspire a bunch of people for greatness even if it is as big as a pen.
Great story, thank you!
are rav4's really that old? 
That's so sweet, awesome.
OMG that's the cutest thing I've read in a while. Kudos to you for keeping it for so long! :)
This is not a surprising story as my wife enjoys fountain soda specifically so much that we have gone to fast food restaurants just to get her a drink before. 
That's the sweetest thing ever!
Human kindness is one of the best things 
Thats so cool!!
Nice Story!  Thanks for sharing!
Aw that's so cute!
:)
huh, funny. Every time i've had a "victory tour" when leaving a job the customers don't really care....... :( 
Beautiful!
This made me tear up and I don't even know why, I love this story!
Jokes on you, pencils only.
This being tales from retail i fully expected that pen to be an anthrax delivery device 
Damn you, internet onions!
I never took an exam in undergrad with a pen. All scantrons all the time. 
Really entertaining story :)
When u ace the exam you better fuck them both in the diet coke
Were they hot?
[removed]
Were they hot, or what?
They were going to charge Â£400?
Sorry for formatting on mobile.
So me will be me 
Customer will be Cust

I work in retail in a uk electronics retailer and this tale takes place today and yesterday. 

So a customer comes up to me looking for a new laptop, I show him around a few of the laptops and he states he needs something portable but powerful, of course these two things usually mean a 13 inch laptop with an i5 or i7. 

Me: so what do you need it for? 

Cust: "well the laptop has to be powerful but I need it to be lightweight as I'm an international student."

Me: "right okay well here's a few laptops we have that fit this description" 

Note about these laptops they're usually around Â£600-Â£1000 depending on brand and specifications 

Now I notice the customer is carrying a laptop in a carrier bag and ask him about that one, just being a bit nosey but also making conversation as I show him around the laptops.

Me: "So what's wrong with that laptop"

Cust: "oh the battery has blown up and doesn't power on anymore" 

Me: "right okay, can I have a look?" So he takes it out of the bag and I notice it's a MacBook Air, being the stores Apple person I ask if I can have a look.

Now I notice that it has another computer shops sticker on the top of it so I ask about that.

Me: "I see you've taken it to the other computer store (part of an apple style chain with a shop literally down the road that people mistake for an actual Apple Store) down the road, what did they say is wrong with it"

Cust: "they didn't open it up but they said it would be Â£400 for the problem I told them I thought it was" 

Me: (internally) "they've quoted this and haven't even had a look at it. No surprises there" 

So I took the mac from the customer and walked him down to the apple counter of our small store, I plug it into our mac charger and notice it's lighting up green but not switching to amber which it would do. So just out of habit I perform an SMC reset (basically a hard reset to tell the mac to get it together)  on the MacBook and it turns on. 

Cust: " oh my gosh you've got it working" 

Me: "yeah I just want to run some diagnostics to make sure this isn't a fluke" 

I got the customer to change the language from his native to English and got to diagnostics. The tests came back fine and the battery reported fine.

Me: "it's in good working order with no problems it just needed this reset and now it's fine however your charger is toast so you'll need an new one of those" 

Cust: "that's amazing thank you so much, my dissertation was on there and I would have to start it again"

Now I've just completed my dissertation so completely understand the situation and the stresses of university life. 

Cust: "how much will it be for the fix?" 

Me: "nothing, it was a fast 2 minute fix no need to worry" 

To this the customer becomes all thankful and happy and tells me he wants to pay for dinner and I insist it's okay and just part of my job. So he's on his way with his mac in working order and a warning not to use the charger and use an extra form of storage to backup his work.

Today he came back in to purchase the new charger and was looking specifically for me in the store. He had gone out and bought me a cake and macarons from a high end cake shop. At first I said I couldn't accept (was thinking of work and the cake obviously costing a lot of money)  but after much insistence I did accept and the customer left happy and I left work later in the evening with a cake in town and a smile on my face.

Not all customers are difficult and it left me with so much joy at the end of the work day. 

Dude you saved his dissertation, I would have bought you cake too

It may have been simple to you, but it wasn't probably a lifeline to that customer. Good work, enjoy the cake 
I guess you could say that the fix was a piece of cake.

I'll see myself out...

Edit: Thanks to the person who anonymously gave me gold :3
[deleted]
I was fully expecting you to get screwed over somehow - very pleased with the ending. Good job! 
I was expecting him to end up using the bad charger and coming back to complain. This was such a great twist though! Haha
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201295

Learnt something new this day, thanks a bunch
That's _grateful._  Cake & cookies? That's nothing. You just saved him purchasing a new computer.

You do good work :)
For a moment I thought I was on /r/talesfromtechsupport (post it there, they will love you).

Fantastic tale, there is nothing better than walking through town with cake in your hand, I am glad it workled out well in teh end.
Aw That was sweet!

Needing a reset is annoying... when you don't know that is something that can be done. A few months ago I came back to my work laptop after a weekend away from it and the keyboard didn't work at all. I had no idea what to do and did everything I could think of (including wiping it back to factory settings) until I finally found something online that said there should be a pinhole on the bottom that I could stick an unbent paperclip into to reset it. Did that and it worked. I was so relieved.
Why wasn't he backing up his dissertation somewhere else? Isn't that playing kinda fast and loose? Aren't they particularly long?  
Oh my God, I literally just finished my dissertation two hours ago. I can feel his happiness knowing he doesn't have to rewrite it.

(Yes, I've backed it up)
I applaud your tenacity, if nothing else. I can't imagine typing out a novella length diatribe that spans 3 1/2 laptop screen lengths on a mobile keyboard!
You saved his dissertation, you get dessertation.
This was an amazing story, thank you for the share!
That story really takes the cale! 

EDIR: wow, I suck at this. Can't  even spell cake rihgt. 

EDIT TWO: NOW THIS IS JUST GETTING RIDICULOUS. 
Fair play to you OP - some staff/workers will not even make the effort that you did or will just brush things off.

I've been working in promotions for a good few years now and a couple of months ago I was working in a well known retail store (UK) and saw a Chinese family looking lost. I went over to them and they spoke to me in cantonese, they were looking for a gaming PC for their son and I lead them through the process with them. We managed to pick out a great PC rig and I grabbed a member of staff to complete the order, but was pretty much nagged by him to upsell as much as possible.

Staff member - Do they want...

*antivirus
*insurance
*internet security
*windows 10 backup

the last upsell is the worst because they were selling windows 10 backups on a usb for Â£20 when you can easily do it yourself officially online.

That's an example of why I rarely go into retail stores to buy electronics..

I'm sure the guy you helped with would have felt the same way until you generously helped him out.
Yes, developing customer relationships is really important. I used to work for "Paperclip Office Supply" with their Green Bench crew. I would do quick 2 minute things and then get yelled at for not charging the customer for it "because we can sell more things to them!!!" Disgusting. 

Also when I was working at my drugstore job, I was so popular, I got not one, but three cakes from customers, and a tray of cupcakes from my boss for my birthday. It was bonkers. And delicious. 
You saved that guy $400 and his dissertation. He probably felt like that was the least he could do for the gratitude you gave him.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
My favorite job ever was working in an electronics department. I always assisted above and beyond. We didn't charge for fixing things or helping with issues, even if we didn't sell them the product. Some of my coworkers straight up refused to help with things like that but I loved it. I had a few customers who would bring me Christmas gifts, holiday treats, and even birthday presents. As long as I never recieved money my work was alright with it. But point being those customers were the highlight of retail.
Without mentioning names...

This Apple style store. Does the name of it sound like the name of a pamphlet published by the BNP?


Having worked commissioned sales at an electronics shop, I used to LOVE losing a sale this way. I don't know why but there is no better feeling getting out of $20-50 of commission with a 2 min fix.

My managers hated me.
How can people be intelligent enough to write a dissertation but not use a Cloud service or backup service? Keep it in Dropbox or Google Docs and then when you're finished, export it to Word and clean up any formatting.
Not saying you should have done anything different in that story, but don't sell yourself short. It only took two minutes because you have done your homework and know what you're doing. There are engineers who sit all day and read the newspaper at their job, but when something important breaks, they hop into action. They still get paid the big bucks.
I don't normally reveal much about myself on here as I normally prowl the areas of ill repute. However, this makes me very happy to see that your simple fix resolved the issue. I do sr tech support for a company that has a big fruit logo and this guy could have gotten support if he called in. 

Awesome job!
> I work in retail in a uk electronics retailer

Calling it. It's Curry's.
Who knew some dude who has a weird fetish for touching rusty spoons all day would be so good at trouble-shooting macs!?
Uh, excuse me mate, but wheres the picture of the fucking cake? You told this wonderful story about cake, high end cake even and you don't provide us with a picture of said cake? WHAT IS THIS?
I love this, it made me smile. Good job :)
Mate, if there's an Apple Store near you you should apply to work at the Genius Bar. You'd be perfect and you'd get to do stuff like this all day. 
You're a good person. 

He got you a cake and a french president?
This is such a happy story. 
I'm angry and cynical and you made me smile. Keep doing you. 
I had the exact same situation with the same problem.

Took it to an Apple store "lol it's a relic" (it was like 4-5 years old) - it's going to be at least Â£400 to fix, why not just buy a new one?

Gave it to a drug dealer's friend, Hard Reset, problem solved.

lol
I bought a MacBook Pro from an Apple retailer (not official Apple Store) who charged me $733 extra for an "Apple RAM" upgrade. About six months later the RAM died.

I took it back to the store, and they charged me $150 just to look at it. Then the guy behind the counter got snooty at me claiming I'd upgraded the computer myself with a stick of $30 Kingston RAM.
An argument ensured, but needless to say they repaired it for free in the end. 

Heh then a few months later the onboard video card on the MacBook died. That ended my adventure with Apple MacBooks. 
Now rocking a Surface Book for over a year and a half with no issues.
You don't work at curry's off Brixton Hill do you? 
You're an MVP, for sure! Glad there's folks like you working the tech services.
It's so refreshing to see good stories like this! I feel like seeing stories of people being dumb or rude is a good way to commiserate with fellow retail sufferers, but it's also nice to know that there's some good out there. Remembering the few exceptionally good times are what gets me back in the door every day.
I like reading about good stories like this. 

Neither of my sisters are the most tech savvy and are always needing help with their laptops, stories like this remind me how easy it is for someone like them to walk into the wrong shop and spend way too much money when the issue is something simple like a charger. 

Luckily with help from my dad and I as well as their frugal ways they never spend money on technology without consulting us first.
being a good person and helping someone else is a reward all on its own  
.... but a friggin' cake is nice too!! :D
"To tell the mac to get it together" reminds me of the csgo defuse meme "he's telling the bomb to calm the fuck down" lmao
I wish I could have done that when I worked at my old job, but our boss told us to never help with something that wasn't bought from us.
Sounds like I used to work at the same chain as you. When we had our own little repair corner under a name similar to technical guys we were always doing off the book stuff to help customers... then they clamped down, then they gutted the desk and re-branded it something like "know a-lot" really after that we had to bin anything useful. 
Was the cake good?
ITT: people who think that a bad battery destroys data on the storage drive....
Reading this made my heart warm up with happiness :D
That was great! You certainly deserved that cake!
What a happy story, thank you for sharing!
It's nice to see a story where the customer was overly nice and a good hearted person. 
You're a good person! I'd buy you so much cake if you did that for me! :)
That was so enjoyable to read! Thank you for sharing that!
Imposter!
ðŸŽ‚ ðŸŽ‚ ðŸŽ‚ ðŸŒƒ cake in town heh
Good job! Real customer service with integrity ðŸ˜ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
You're a good person OP. Stay that way forever :)
>To this the customer becomes all thankful and happy and tells me he wants to pay for dinner

I's order mac and cheese in his honor. 
What's a dissertation
On tfts is another happy story, also with a dissertation or something like it. What are the chances? Anyways, good job!
i would have name my first kid after you
This is awesome! I'm glad you got your cake and ate it too!

One time a customer bought me an ice capachinno while I was working on cash. I can't drink an open container at cash so I asked customer service if they could just stick it in the fridge at their desk. Which customer service peeps do on occasion anyways with their own food. When I went to fetch it later, a different coworker at customer service told me she threw it out (after asking whose it was and discovering it was mine) and lectured me about food around cash. Jokes on her; I was going to give it to her since I don't like coffee. 
You're a hero 
Very nice OP :)
Be glad it wasn't on a [Surface Pro](https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/6c2kfa/yes_my_data_is_worth_more_than_my_surface_pro/).  No way to get that data out without cracking it open...
-Insert Apple hate here-
@the customer, this is why you use a flash drive, or email the document to yourself, or something.
Tip of the day: If you are going to invest thousands of dollars and hundreds of man-hours into a single document that will determine if that time and money was wasted or not....make a backup and keep it safe.
Â£400 just for finding out what the problem is. Sounds about right for an apple shop.
[removed]
Smart enough to write a dissertation.

Stupid enough to not back it up online free.
Haha. I almost want to pumch you. 
What's a dissertation?
Good job man. But as some one who just finished his dissertation, that goon almost deserved to have that document disappear for not backing up. I had mine in Dropbox synced to three different computers that were never in the same location and onto an external. That thing was way to precious to lose to a coffee or beer.
Wait a second, so this customer was willing to lose his dissertation, have to start over, was ready to buy a brand new laptop to do it because he thought Â£400 was too expensive? That seems odd, as much as the other place was certainly ripping him off, his choice to give up his dissertation and still have to buy a new computer seems a little strange. Good on you for helping him out, but financially this guy was not too bright considering he wasn't even there to get a second opinion, just to buy a new laptop. 
Your store doesnt do repairs do they? If so, you may have cost the business diag money. Can't go doing quick 2 minute fixes without charging something, it's stealing business from your employer
Glory to Arstotzka!
A lady came into my work to sell something using her passport as ID. Something didn't look right. I stared at it a bit before noticing that the expiration date was in a slightly different font than the other dates on the passport. I held it up to the light and saw a rectangular outline around the date. I ran my thumbnail over it, and the edges of a sticker came up off the passport. Underneath the sticker the date had been scratched out. I pulled the sticker the rest of the way off before handing her passport back and explaining that we couldn't accept altered/damaged/expired ID.  
  
I guess all that time playing "Papers, Please" finally paid off.  
  
EDIT: Thanks for the gold!
[removed]
The only thing more satisfying would be having one of those giant red stamps for it. ENTRY DENIED!
Good work Comrade. Your family will be upgraded to a class 7 dwelling.
You no like passport I understand, 

I come back with better one 

~Jorji Costava
Passport not required for Arstotzka! Arstotzka best country!
I work at a bank now. It feels like Papers Please all the time. I found a phoney check the other day. Unfortunately they haven't given me the key to the gun cabinet yet. 
[Congratulations. Glory to Arstotzka](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/papersplease/images/b/b9/Recognition1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130809183113)
"Is legit. Just printed this morning myself."
Should have detained her. Would have made some extra cash.
"You have made a mistake coming here."

"I know nothing."

"One moment please."
One of my favourite interactions is when you identify the photo as an error.

> \>This does not look like you.
>
> \#The years have not been kind. 
I feel like I'm missing out. What is paper please?
Filthy Kolechians and their sneaky ways
Maybe you meet her later at The Pink Vice?
Think i can convince my store manager to buy me the game as a training sim?
Du dududu Du Dududu
It appears Jorji is a woman now
*Congratulations. The October labor lottery is complete. Your name was pulled. For immediate placement, report to the Ministry of Admission at Grestin Border Checkpoint. An apartment will be provided for you and your family in East Grestin. Expect a Class-8 dwelling.*
Did you also check her entry permit and vaccine certification?
I got so far in this game.

I need to finish it.
I know what I'm doing after work today!
i hope you didn't spend too long inspecting it or else your uncle might starve
[deleted]
I have a question about that game. Do you have a time limit each round? 
Should have kept the passport and called the police, I'm pretty sure that's illegal. Otherwise she'll just try it on someone else not as observant.

Edit: It's been pointed out that it would also be kinda illegal to confiscate someone's ID, so I guess you can't do that.
Glory to Arstotzka!
Filthy fucking kolechians
DOOOO...doooo...DOOOOO...dooooo
Glory to Arstotzka. 
Next time she'll turn up with one written in crayon.
I'm really happy that Jack's version of Papers, Please, is so well loved.

DETAINED!
I've been wanting to try Papers, Please for a while now. Hopefully it goes on sale soon. 
I get sometimes you need an ID to buy something, but when do you need it to sell something?
[removed]
Glory to Arstotzka, comrade.
Jorgi have [new passport](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/papersplease/images/4/40/FalsePassport.png/revision/latest?cb=20130428133709), best quality.
I mean i kinda get it, but what are you using the ID for? Sure the passport is expired so she can't use it as a *passport*. But she can't use it as an *ID*? She's still the same person
In Glorious Arstotzka, selling is not required, as all people are equal... in having nothing worth selling.
Welp guess im gonna go do another play through of papers please
Glory, Greatest Country!
DETAINED
Glory to Arstotzka!
[deleted]
Love that game didn't expect to see a reference here.
godamnit gorgie
[deleted]
"DISCREPANCY DETECTED"
COBRASTAN BEST COUNTRY EVER!!!
Oh you a funny guy, eh!?  I see you tomorrow.
Glory to Arstotzka!
ICE and border  control should play papers please
thats when you should call the cops tbh
Now inspector, grab the gun under your desk...
COUNTRY PROUD!
I bet you anything she was trying to sell something stolen.
I need to play this game again.
r/titleporn
DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN DUN DUNDUN
You know what lady? Detain!
DETAIN

get extra money
Glory Greatest Country!
I just realized I haven't played that game in about a year.  
Good thing I installed all my games when I got my new computer.
Kubz Scouts would be proud.
Did you feed your family, keep them warm, or buy them medicine for that night?

GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA
Glory to Arstotzka! 
Arstotzka so good, I do not need passport!
Haha, I'm new to this sub, but I love Papers, Please. Such a great indie game.
Well done OP. You might like the card I made for my partner this Valentines Day :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/5uc6md/i_made_my_boyfriend_a_papers_please_inspired/
http://imgur.com/nido04b
/u/sadhu_420 
Why would you need a passport to sell something? Where would you get an expired passport to change the date on unless it was yours? Was it Ivanka's? I heard she was out of country.
I wonder what you saved. ID in some places is incredibly to hard to get for some people. In many places this is tied to voters rights, they purposely put up barriers like only opening the DMV a few times a week or at inconvenient hours. I hope you prevented her from buying Fentanyl or something. 
Made a grown man cry today
So I work at a pet store, my family owns it. We do boarding, daycare, training, grooming and retail. 

I had a regular come in a few months back he wasn't doing to well financial since becoming disabled. He brought in his dog for grooming and I noticed he had large amount of fleas, I called and informed him. I let him know that I would give his other dog a flea bath for cheap so he could take care of it. Once he got there he tried to pay with a care credit card that the state had given him. Unfortunately, we don't take that card. So he gave me his card information so I could charge him when he got paid. I sent with him with some flea and tick topical we sell over the counter. 

Well the day came for me to run his card, he called me to remind me. I thanked him, got off the phone and didn't charge him.

Today he called realizing he hadn't been charged, I told him I didn't plan on charging him and was happy to be able to help. He couldn't talk for a bit, trying to compose himself. I got off the phone knowing I had made someone's day better.

I know how hard it can be living on disability, my mom is on it. Sometimes even the littlest of things can help.
You win. Thank you for being a decent human. And bonus to him for doing his part to make sure the store got paid.
Family owned businesses are the best; the employees aren't beholden to a corporation and can actually give customers the service they deserve.
Nice to see stories like this on here. It's good to be reminded that sometimes working in retail can mean making a difference to people when they need it. It's easy to forget that in all the bad stuff that happens to retail workers in their day-to-day lives.
Correction: you made two grown men cry today.
I am amazed at the fact that even though the guy is struggling financially he is still trying to take care of his animals instead of neglecting them.  
[deleted]
I'm so glad you had the freedom to do this, with your family owning the store. There are so many times in Big Corporate Retail that I have wanted to just do big gestures like this at my register, but I can't. 
Thank you for using your powers for good.

edit: Word choice
Thank you. I have relatives on disability and they are afraid to adopt a pet in case they can't care for them and afford any expenses. While I agree with them, it still is heart breaking that someone can't afford a pet to give them love and comfort.
Nice one. Thanks for being a kind human 
It's nice to see some decency over debauchery on this sub from time to time. That's a swell gesture, friend.
Thank you for not only making this Mans day,  but for looking after what,  may be his closest and only support. Someone who wants to do good by you like trying to pay you likely felt guilt and sadness for not being able to look after his furry friends. Cheers to you.
From a disabled guy: this kind of thoughtfulness is so much rarer than you might think and so appreciated. Make that two grow men.
I remember once my Mom took our cat to the vet, because of fleas. When they told her the price of the flea powders to spread around the house, she broke down in tears. She always struggled to make ends meet. The lady behind the counter said our cat was so lovely, and Mom was so polite, that she could take it for free. I know that my Mom has paid that and other favours / acts of kindness forward so many times in her life, purely out of the goodness of her heart.
Id give you a hug if I could.
Good on you!
Awwww.

That was really sweet. I work retail pharmacy and I wish we could cut down some prices. We try our best with a discount card and we look for coupons on manufacturer's websites but they only cover so much.
You da real MVP, OP.  
[deleted]
Paying it forward. The world needs more people like you in it. Good for you!
Can we recommend this to r/bestof
You are awesome!!! (Stop making me tear up at work!)
You sir, are a legend. We need more people like you. 
Thank you for your kindness. 
You are all kinds of wonderful. I
You made a dog and his person very happy. 
You tha real mvp OP
If we had just 10% more people like you running around the world would be immensely more pleasant to live in.
You. Deserve. All. The. Gold. 
You're a good person and you should feel good. 
Thank you for being so wonderful. X
Thank you for spreading kindness. It is contagious.
You are a wonderful person. Thank you.

You made this grown woman tear up, too.
Damn it. I knew I shouldn't add onions to dinner tonight. Have your friggin' up vote you damn fine human. 
You are to be commended. But you already knew that!
I don't know you, but as a person who is currently on disability,  i just want to say, thank you for being an awsome person to this man.
OP, thank you for being a kind human. 
Damn, that made me get a little teary-eyed. Good on you, man, being a good person to someone who needs it. 
Good on you, man, good on you.  I know it's really really early to say this, but after reading what you wrote, it feels right: Merry Christmas.
[deleted]
This is awesome. I learned long ago, as a mechanic, that if you sometimes help someone out...even if it comes out of your pocket a bit... you've probably just earned a customer for life. Sometimes they come in with a simple problem, or maybe it's just something you do if you're bored. Just say "Hey, don't worry about it..we'll see ya next time". They'll come back....and back and back and back and back.
That title was slightly misleading...but still a happy story nonetheless 
That's nice, well done.
Take my upvote, for being an amazing human being!
This just made my day. You're an amazing person.
Good on you. 
Things like this make me realize that there ARE good people in the world. Good on you. 
I was expecting this story to go in a completely different direction from the title.  Good on you mate.
thank you
Damn it, I just came from another feels topic hoping to laugh at someone making a jerk cry. My feels are being blindsided all over the place.
It's as if men also have emotion. On a serious not, that was very noble what you did, we need more like you =).
You are a great person. I wish more people existed in the world that were like you!
Welp, that's *two* grown adults crying today.  *sigh*

But seriously, you're an amazing person with a big heart.  So nice to see that this world holds good people.
I like your compassion.
Thank you for doing that.  Being a man who becomes disabled there are so many things that can grind you down.  Always great to know some people go out of their way to make people's lives easier.
The world needs more people like you
Well, you made another grown man cry today.  You are a superstar.  
I tried to read this to my wife knowing she'd get choked up. We both got teary. You're a good person.
Thank you for sharing this experience. I know some people say that telling others of your good deed is frown upon, but to me, listening and reading these occurrences in life warms my heart.
Thank you.
That was a wonderful gesture of you to let the business eat that cost for him. The world needs more people like you and your family. Thank you for going out of your way to do this, you are a hero and have helped make the world a better place.
Kudos to the guy for calling and reminding you.

More kudos to you for not charging him.  
Correction. You made two grown men cry.
People like you make the world better. I often feel that people assume they can't make a difference unless they're curing cancer. If each one person went out of their way to make another happy then the whole world might be happy. Good on you, seriously it's the small things that count.
>Made a grown man cry today

oh, i'm sure it's a story about a stupid customer and the clerks powning him...


>read the story

the world is a slightly better place now
Damn bro that story has me catching feelings 
You're a real mean machine.
That's such a nice thing to do. I'm sure it meant a lot to him and you really made him feel better, even briefly. :) You're a good person.
Was not expecting a story like this from the title. Good for you. 
Thanks for being a hero to humanity! We need more people like you. 
Beautiful.  Thank you for sharing this.
You're so damn awesome for doing this. Please don't change and keep being a good person. 
We all have that one customer a day that we can really brighten up their day I think. 
:') Who's cutting onions?
Thank you on behalf of the dogs and the customer. This, ladies and gentlemen, is why family stores are better than a chain.
Whenever I give my dog a flea bath it never seems to do anything. Is there a brand of shampoo you recommend or perhaps a technique?
Just wanted to say, you're awesome. 
I expected this to be funny, not sad :( 
now you made two grown men cry!
[Dear OP](http://imgur.com/yjzU8KO)
I wish we'd do away with the "grown man cry" thing. Kind of makes it seem like a bad thing, like you're not a man if you cry  
But you got gold though. And Karma. 
How dare you make me feel. I come here to fuel my rage! 
I think you made two grown men cry today "sniff"
You're a damn fine human being. I couldn't help but smile when I read the end of that. 
You rule. 

Now, if you could please apply to work at any (or all) of my bill collector's collection centers, that'd be great.

Thank you in advance.
Some things are more important than money. You did right by him. 
This is amazing. I wish more people were like you and your family. 
i just want you to know, this is important to me. my mother is on disability and she had to work so hard to get even that, and when i hear of people doing things like this it brightens an otherwise dark day. may god bless you for your kindness. and may good karma rain down upon you my friend.
Got me choking up here.  People like you are the true gold of this world.  Thank you.
The world needs more of this. 
Who's cutting onions on a trainstation. But seriously thanks for helping that man
Bless you for helping that man and his loved ones. 
This just made my day so much brighter. Thank you for sharing!
What is your store name and is there a way I could pay for some of this man's pet supplies? Like buy him a gift card of some sort?
Not where I thought this was going when I read the title, but I'm happy that it did.
Damnit, and this post almost made ME cry. You're a good person.
man this hits home, i work with people on disability all the time. i try to get them into a car. most of the time i can help them but sometimes i just cant. i feel so bad when i cant get them into the car they need. i had one man tell me his life story on how he lost his daughter to drugs and that he truck is about to go, he had multiple repos and i tried so hard to get him in and find something he could drive away with. out of all the banks we work with i couldnt help him and it hurt so much to tell him that we couldnt do anything for him without a co-signer or a lot more money down. 
That is incredibly nice of you. Having been in that guys position I just want to say thank you, you are a superhuman as far as I am concerned. Now I hope this doesn't come off wrong, I mean what you did was incredibly kind and thoughtful, but it might have been extra helpful if you let him know you weren't charging him. He might have had to forgo something (food, medical care, something for his kids etc) to make sure that money would be on the card. Regardless I'm sure he was super thankful, but for those that haven't been "there" something like that might be a bit too much forethought, so I wanted to point it out.
I am not sure what city this is in, but a lot of places have programs to help with basic veterinary care, food and alters for low income families.  Even if it is only a temporary need.  You may be able to call your local animal control to find some resources   Thanks for helping this guy.. He sounds like a good home for a fur kid 

:)
Once I read "pet store" and "fleas" I got nervous this was a sad story, then it became a super feel good story.
i'm a grown man and this story made me well up.  
Thanks for being awesome. 
Your kindness just made my eyes water. So that's 2 men now.
I love you man 
And now you get to cash it in for internet karma.. 
[You bastard](http://i.imgur.com/S4nBIT2.jpg)
Thank you for being kind! I know a few people that have since moved on from pet care work but still visit their elderly clients to do their cats' monthly treatments and clip their nails etc. 

It goes a long way. 
The world needs more people like you
This makes me so happy.  You are such a kind person to help him out.  Especially when he is willing to spend money for the care of his dog, when he has little to spend on himself already.
You just made a grown woman cry too. 
> I know how hard it can be living on disability, my mom is on it. Sometimes even the littlest of things can help.

**Especially** when it's over something for your dog's well being.
Jist gonna save this for whenever I feel a bit down :)
You're a good person :)
Its the little things! You never know what these seemingly small positive interactions can do for people and the people they interact with, nice job OP. 
I saw "I made a grown man cry" then "pet store" and I wasn't sure if I wanted to read on, because I thought it would be a sad tale that would also make me cry. 

I'm glad I did read it, well done OP you're the best, thank you :)
Good job. 
Thanks for being kind, OP.
Thank you
Reading this gave me chills. Thank you for being sweet. 
It's amazing how big the little things are. I used to throw on some coupons from time to time and it would just always feel great to know you are helping them out even if they didn't notice it. 
You're awesome. Thanks for being so awesome. Sometimes people are just.... Awesome. You rock OP.
This took a really positive unexpected twist, much appreciated in a day of negativity, have an upvote.
You. I like you. Good going!
I work in the auto repair buis. I have 1 lady I make sure to take care of. She has cancer and little funds. Really nice sweet lady. If I know there's a coupon available, I apply it all. No one else gets the kind of care she does. She stopped by today for a state inspection. I saved her 20 because she didn't need one(new rules in my state.) told her to come back with the registration sticker and I'll put it on for her. Had it been anyone else I would have just ran the inspection because they asked me to. 
I love you for this. There are a lot of folks out there who genuinely love their pets, but have fallen on hard times. My family has been there, and we had to give up our dog.
Thanks for helping restore my faith in humanity op, you're a good person. 
Why is your mom on disability if your family owns the pet business?
Did you personally pay for the treatment instead, or just not charge him for the products and service? Top work OP!
Good job, OP. 
Make that another one.
Do you sell pets? If so, what happens to the kittens and puppies that do not sell and grow too old? 
You deserve your gold. Good on you mate.
God bless you. 
Up voted for being a good person, onions!
Kind hooman take your gold dog star. You are one of a kind!
Good on you!!!
*Littles*
Thanks for the new word.
Its not that often that we get that opportunity. Glad to see this story getting the love it deserves. Way to go!
Oh my goodness, you made me tear up. Thank you for doing this. We really need more people in the world like you. Life is hard enough.
You're a sweetheart.

I'm waiting to do a drug test for new job, I gotta pee real bad, have to be somewhere else, dreading putting in two week notice and I'm trying real hard to not tear up in this waiting room. YOURE NOT HELPING ME FIGHT TO URGE TO STAY COMPOSED WITH YOUR INSPIRING ACT OF HUMANITY AND EMPATHY. JERK. (jk love you, you're awesome, stranger). 
You're a good person, OP
.
Any unusual breeding?
This is our jobs as humans, to make this world a better place aid the suffering of others.

The only way I feel good about myself is when I help with the struggle. 
That is what life is about my friend. Made my day as well, Ill make sure to pass on the good deed next time my chance comes around.
God bless you, OP. This is the best thing I've read all day.
Thank you for doing this, OP. My dad got disabled some 4 or 5 years ago, he was the breadwinner in our house, me and my brother went through our last year's of college. We live in one of our uncles house, always paying our rent ahead of time. When he fell into disability and we tried to pay the rent, he said that wasn't necessary, as we needed the money for treatment and food. Having both my parents crying and hugging my uncle that day is something I'll never forget. 
Good on you, OP!
You're the best!
Earth needs more people like you.
You are amazing, your mom can be really proud of you!
Thank goodness for GOOD people like you, OP.
I came here expecting to read an epic burn.  I am not disappointed.  
Thank you OP for being such a great person!
I love you.

You are literally an angel
This is a nice story! I like!
[deleted]
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/bestof] [\/u\/kairaharuon Makes a grown man cry at his family run pet store](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/3rg4k3/ukairaharuon_makes_a_grown_man_cry_at_his_family/)

- [/r/upliftingmews] [Made a grown man cry today : TalesFromRetail](https://np.reddit.com/r/upliftingmews/comments/3rf8z2/made_a_grown_man_cry_today_talesfromretail/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Vote for Bernie Sanders.  He wants to expand Social Security Disability Benefits!
http://imgur.com/gallery/qdezXRx
We can no longer issue cash refunds, so this customer has a unique idea.
Our store was liquidating to shut down and we were in our final days, we were no longer giving refunds on goods that customers had simply changed their mind on. It was incredibly stressful and customers were being outright rude despite the fact that everyone they were dealing with was being made redundant in days.

One day a chap came in and asked if we could refund a suitcase he bought and changed his mind on. He swapped it for a few other things but he was still short by about ten quid or so. I prepared myself for today's shake down and told him I was very sorry he couldn't have any money back but we were still exchanging if he wanted something to the value. He started pilling sweets, biscuits, cakes etc onto the counter and asking if they added up to the difference, eventually we were still about 10p short. I told him we weren't quite there but we didn't have anything for 10p so it was the best I could do. His response?

"I think you'll have trouble enough eating all of that! Cheerio!" And off he went, leaving me with a giant pile of free food. Closing the store was an incredibly stressful time but I'll always remember that friendly dude.
Hail snack man.
I was *not* expecting that outcome!!

What a twist!
What a great customer! Hope your prospects are okay?
It's those moments when I remember why I like working retail 
I once did 30 hours in two days, selling alcohol in very busy match (made more money over that weekend than throughout whole regular season). All coworkers of mine (usually 16-18 year olds, just finishing high school) were used to 5-6 hours shifts on Saturday or Sunday only, so everyone was stressed and tired. My supervisor started kicking empty boxes for whatever reason. Some people were just sitting on the kegs, staring at the wall and dreaming about going home. Some just left, one fainted, etc. I complained about having only 30 minutes break the first day (was meant to have 2x45mins IIRC), so got only 10 minutes of break next day. 

I just kept going as I knew it would be the fastest way to pass the time. By the end of the second day, I was just "hi, here you go, see you" guy with no passion whatsoever. A customer shows up, and says "give me a high five, you seem to be the only person interested in serving customers". That gave me enough energy until the end of the shift. 

I later became a supervisor in that stadium, but quit after I graduated. Hated pretty much every day of working there, but it was hell of a fun when I think about it now. 
[removed]
A quid is a pound for those who don't know
The other day I went to a Grower's Market to get some peaches, total cost $2.15, but they had a policy of requiring $5 to use a card, and all I had was my debit card. I asked the cashier what he recommend I buy and he said, "my favorite is chocolate covered pretzels", sounded good to me, but they were $1.99 a bag, so I bought two to allow me to use my card. Once he bagged it all up, I asked him to remove the chocolate pretzels from the bag, and I told him they are his. He told me he could not take them, with a big smile on his face, I asked from my receipt, and he said "I'll give you the receipt if you take the chocolate pretzels", and I said you keep it all, and walked out. :)
Wait, I'm confused -- did he spend the last 10p on Cheerios?
[removed]
That's so sweet! I once had a man check thru my line when I was having a bad day. He bought this very fancy pack of fruit & greek yogurt ice pops. I smiled and asked him 'Are these good? I always see them when I stock but I've never had em.' He popped the box open and handed me one and smiled and said 'Well now you'll know if they are or not.' It was the best thing that entire week. My boss was so confused when I told her a customer gave me a fruit pop and let me go eat it. xD
[removed]
That story actually brought a smile to my face. It's nice of hear a story that ends with a genuine act of kindness. 
I find it so weird that most countries you can get a refund on items for simply changing your mind.

In Australia in the majority of stores unless the product is damaged or advertised incorrectly your not getting a refund. Some places do but its hardly the norm. 
[removed]
Gotta love those customers. 

I had a guy at my dispensary come in during a sale he wasn't even aware of. Got a pack of 100mg gummies for free with a certain purchase, since he didn't come in for them in the first place he just left them for us! Best tip ever, edible tips!
That's the most British thing I've read in a while.
WOW! What a wonderful gesture! Go people!*

^^* ^^Some ^^people ^^still ^^deserve ^^an ^^ingrown ^^toenail ^^for ^^the ^^rest ^^of ^^their ^^lives.
I'm visualizing the customer as Richard Branson.
Did your boss question you walking out of the store with a bag of food?
tenpence none the richer.
Nice guy! Its people like that that restore my faith in humanity
Just came home from work. Needed a reminder that people can be good. Thank you so very much, I needed this. 
you probably sent out a good vibe in a stressful store and he turned that back to you...good things happen to good people :)
Not at all what I expected.
Ha that's pretty funny and kind of awesome.  :)
THERE ARE STILL GOOD PEOPLE LEFT.
Why'd he call you a Cheerio? 
>Sweets, biscuits, cakes

I know about sweets and biscuits, but what do you mean by cakes? Where I'm from a cake is pretty large and definitely worth around 10 pounds/$13
Maybe it's my lack of faith in humanity, but that feels passive aggressive to me
[removed]
I hope he got a big thank you. What a nice guy.
I take it this shop has similar initials to the NHS?
Good people walk among us! Awesome guy!
Cake or death?
Wow, what a guy! That's so awesome of him.
is cheerio super common in England or something old folks say?
It's always nice when you get an awesome customer. I helped close a location for the first company I worked for when they went out of business. I remember when we got down to the final two weeks it was like 80% off, no refunds and no exchanges. Everything was "as is", and we had signs EVERYWHERE. Not a single sale went by without us emphasizing that point multiple times, but still people would come back and try to return stuff. I got to the point where I'd just point to one of the three signs at the register and say sorry. Lol
/r/BritishProblems
I've worked in a situation like this - store closing, facing redundancy, army of angry customers - when at the end of the day, one of the bar staff from a nearby pub came in, handed us a load of free vouchers for booze and food, and said "You look like you could use these. See you later!" 

&nbsp;

I could have kissed his face. 
This story had a far nicer ending than I could possibly have anticipated
I've never been as cool as this guy (to a stranger behind a counter anyway).  New quest accepted.
10 Quid = 10 Pounds = ~$13.00
Give that man a cookie!
A true hero, its kinda like finding a unicorn
redundant...? 
Woolys?
Who's crying? Not me.. it's just raining inside the library right now. It's people like him that make me bare with the hundreds of garbage customers
TIL people actually say "Cherrio".
<3
This is like that time I offered dog food to my cat but my cat was like woah buddy chill out with that gay stuff I'm a cat so I was like damn homie woofie woof woofiedoo i'm coming for you and so i ended up with some cat treats in my fridge but like i can't eat them so I just went to my pharmacist and bought some advil and went to sleep. lol
Plot twist. OP put the sweets back where they went and carried on about the day of telling the next customer "Sorry, we can not give cash refunds at this time." On and on he went with every customer until he locked the door one last final time. The end.
This guy seems like me 
Where the hell are you from OP.. lol
I think he was telling you in a very dry british way to Choke On It.
Why do you sell biscuits?  I guess that is why you went out of business.  Selling candy alongside biscuits is just weird.
Any store that wont refund in the way I paid is a store I will never shop at again (in reasonable time that is/shape of item as well).
Two Chinese men and a translator enter a store.
I work at BBQ shop here in Australia, I've dealt with all kinds of customers in my 3 years of experience until today I had the most memorable experiences yet.

Today I had two Chinese men walk in and they looked to be in their early 20's or so. They walked around for a bit before I approached them and asked if they needed any help, it suddenly became clear they didn't know a word of english when one pulled out his phone and started using a translator. Soon fleshed out they were looking at a BBQ we have in stock and some accessories, after about 25 minutes going back and forth with the translator they had all they wanted. 
Normally this transaction only takes about 5-10 minutes on average but I didn't mind as we were all being patient with each other.

I rang up all the items and showed them a full break down of the items which total around $500. I had all the products ready to go in a pile next to the register when he finished paying. When it all finalised he leaned in to shake my hand and said in perfect english.

> "Oh, just so you know, we speak perfect fucking english mate"
 
Both these men erupt into laughter while I'm sitting shaking my head and laughing as well thinking how the fuck did I fall for it. After we all slowly regained ourselves one of the men leaned in and said how well I took it. May not seem all that funny in writing, but its totally made my week.
  
Reminds me of "What the Deaf Man Heard," where the kid grows up and everybody thinks he's a deaf/mute because he acts like it, and when he grows up and becomes Matthew Modine, people say things around him that they wouldn't normally say, secrets, etc. The big shock at the end when he reveals he can hear after all...
I worked at a Chinese restaurant for years. The cooks sometimes spoke English, sometimes they didn't - they rotated frequently. At one time, we had this young cook, never spoke a word to me, regardless of what I did or said. He was with us for months, but after about a week of him ignoring me, I figured he didn't speak any English. So I go about my business, assuming he can't understand me, talk to myself, sometimes forget and talk to him, etc. One day, I'm packing up an order and I'm missing a dish, without missing a beat he says, "Here's the orange chicken." Perfect English, and not even a slight fucking accent. I just looked at him and said, "You fucker." He thought it was hilarious. I have to give it to him though, I'm not sure how he kept it going for so long. 
Gold! I've got a regular that doesn't speak a word, but we're all waiting for the day that he reveals that he speaks perfect English.
Title made me think I was on r/jokes ...

I was pleasantly surprised!
As long as you weren't busy at the time that's a cool story since you would have gotten a pretty decent sale despite in theory neither of you speaking the same language. I still find it pretty awesome how well the Google Translate does. It doesn't do a perfect job of course but at least you can get the idea. I definitely could have used it when I worked retail over a decade ago.

If your store had been swamped and had a growing line of people waiting for your help though, I would have really annoyed at the end.
OP's response should have been:

"æˆ‘ä¹Ÿè¯´å®Œç¾Žä¸­æ–‡"
Wow. They just won at troll. I gotta give them props for that, really committed to it and followed through.
Read the title and thought this was r/funny
Would that be the ziggy from bbqs galore? 
I said "Carlos likes to tease" into my translator and then showed my non English speaking coworker. No clue why she turned so red until I looked and saw what my translator *heard:* Carlos likes titties.
This is such an Australian joke. "Hey, I'm going to fuck with you and make your life difficult because it'd be funny! We're all arseholes here, right?"
  
  Aussie. The only country where, if you hate someone, you speak to them respectfully. 
I used to work at a store near the Canadian Border and all the Asians that came down from Canada tried to pretend they didn't speak English to get better deals(change a price on floor, then insist on the price and pretend they don't understand) until they find out the random white boy working in the shoe store speaks Mandarin, and understood them the whole time!

I also had a customer once who was super impressed because while I was helping her, a Mexican woman asked me a question but spoke basically no English at all, so I instinctually just switched into Spanish and continued helping her. Around this time a Chinese lady(who spoke English and Chinese) gets in line behind the first customer and while the first lady was telling how cool she though it was that I was bilingual, I go "oh yea? Watch this!" And leaned towards the Chinese lady and told her I'd be with her in just a second in Mandarin. I thought the original customers head was gonna explode! It was great!
> I work at BBQ shop here in Australia, I've dealt with all kinds of customers in my 3 years of experience...

[You never know what's gonna come through that door...](https://ixquick-proxy.com/do/spg/show_picture.pl?l=english&rais=1&oiu=http%3A%2F%2Fscontent.cdninstagram.com%2Ft51.2885-15%2Fs480x480%2Fe15%2F17586585_1913921445559750_6992508414916034560_n.jpg%3Fig_cache_key%3DMTMxNDgzMTA4MTQ2NzQxNzg0MQ%253D%253D.2&sp=bee0e4878da23bf4531621c2a6ddd7ed)
Let's talk about your BBQ sauce. What is its base? As a southern American this is how I will judge Aussie BBQ 
/r/madlads
I actually had something happen recently at one of my jobs but 2 of the 3 Japanese men spoke English while the third was learning but didn't quite have a handle on it yet. As I was ringing up the one who didn't know English (as well as American currency that well) I could tell he was struggling a little. So I counted out his change, making sure to show my steps, and he and his friends were very grateful. One thanked me graciously before they left. Glad to be of service ðŸ˜
I thought i was on /r/jokes when I read the title
The title made me do a double check if what sub I was in. 
r/Jokes, anybody?
Ah man! I had to go back and reread who pulled out the translator. Them adding "perfect fucking English" sounded aggressive as fuck as I read it. Lol
As funny as this story is, I'd be pretty mad. That's a lot of wasted time and effort.
They wasted your time. I wouldn't take it well. 
Oh my god this is hilarious.  Looking at the title and being Chinese-American myself, I was really worried and wanted to say something along the lines of "2 people do not represent all of the Chinese people out there".

Instead, I know what I'll be doing next time I go with my buddies to a BBQ joint
Not retail, but something similar happened to me.

I worked with a baseball team, and there was some bet lost by the manager (coach) where the consequence was buying hot dogs for everyone in the dugout.  This was at one of the college wood bat leagues with very good college players on it.  As most baseball fans know, some good baseball fans happen to be dominican, and speak Spanish.  One player in particular was from the Dominican Republic and went to HS/College in the US and was fluent in both English and Spanish with basically a completely unnoticeable accent.  He, along with a white  guy from Kentucky were tasked to go place the order/pickup the hotdogs.  So they came up with the brilliant idea that the white guy would act as a translator for the Dominican guy.  Every word the dominican guy spoke, was to the guy from Kentucky and the guy from Kentucky would just say whatever he was going to say anyway (he didn't know a lick of Spanish).  At the end, after placing the order and coming back to pick up the food, the dominican guy spoke perfect English to the lady, acting as if nothing was any different.
This reminded me of the Rush Hour Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker moment
I wonder if that wasn't a corporate test to see how you'll handle tourists in general. Good job. ;)
Don't understand why this is interesting
I would be so torn. Part of me would laugh because it is kind of funny that they did that.

The other part of me would just think "Thank you so much for wasting those fifteen extra minutes where I could have been working if you'd just told me you speak english"
I think they'd been getting ideas from Now You See Me 2.
I use to have this elderly Italian customer. You would talk to him and he would say no english. Up until You gave him the price. "What 120 bloody, what a bloody rip off. F#ckin bloody 120 dollars."  It was still broken english but he knew what we were saying. This customer was a regular and this would happen monthly for years.
They might look Chinese, but they sound as aussie as you could get! 

The comments are nearly as entertaining as your story too. 
GOT EM! I'm glad they - and you - were good sports about it.
You should've pretended you still couldn't understand them. 
I took care of a patient that, in report, I was told spoke/understood no english and was confused. I walk in to her room and her translator is not there. I shrug and start my intro "Hello Miss Information, my name is Hoax13, I'll be taking care of you tonight and I'm going to be giving you your treatments." all this while pointing at myself, her and her nebulizer.  She looks me in the eyes and says "Thank you dear, could you also let the nurse know that I need help to the restroom?" I may have stared at her a bit before I told her I would. 
Jokes on you they were just pretending
[removed]
This is a good way to determine the salespeople who are out to help you, and the salespeople who are out to make a commission.
Fuck those guys
This is so great
He didn't know what a "burner" was? (kidding)
Probably fishing for underhanded comments
Hmm, username doesn't check out.
This is AWESOME ... and totally funny in writing
Nah, it's fun in writing as well. I burst laughing after reading what he said.
This is fucking hilarious mate! Good on you for taking it well.
Reminds me of the mute guy who came in and showed me on his phone what he wanted. Cool guy, transaction went smoothly. No reveal that it was a trick though.
This joke wouldn't go over well on any of the other continents.
Y'know, of all the things I would expect someone with no knowledge of the predominant language to buy, a barbecue *would* be quite low on the list.
The title made me think you were setting up for a joke. I guess I wasn't too far off. 
Good on ya mate.
Were they just messing around? 
Is $500 for BBQ normal in Australia?
Nah that's fucking brilliant mate!
OK, so long as they were patient the whole time, and you didn't have any urgent matters to attend to, I can see how that would be funny. Unfortunately, too many go the other way when they realize they can't get what they wanted. Or equally as bad, get mad because you can't speak their language... bro, this country is English speaking, how am I the stupid one for speaking the national language???
interpreter, not translator
This is dumb as fuck. I want my 30 seconds back.
I don't really get the point.
