Rick May, the voice of the Soldier, has passed away from COVID-19 at age 79.

It took throat cancer, a heart attack, *and* a global pandemic to kill Soldier.
You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best.

Please take some time to read through Rick's credits. He did far more beyond what was listed here in theatrical radio as well.
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1653371/
I don't think a single quote from even Soldier himself can do justice how legendary this man is. No "Godspeed, you magnificent bastard" or "You were good, son, real good. Maybe even the best." is enough to give proper credit to Rick.

Rick, my friend, you provided the voice for one of the greatest characters I've ever had the pleasure of hearing. May the Sapphire Star guide your way.
A person only dies when its forgotten. You will never be forgotten and one day we hope to see you in the other side. Amen, you magnificient bastard, amen.
Gonna watch [Meet the Soldier](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h42d0WHRSck) again in honor of him. Thanks for the laughs, and for helping bring my favorite game of all-time to life. You'll live on in the Badlands.
"You are good son, real good. Maybe even the best."
The voice that carried the 2009 gmod scene. One the most mained classes in Team Fortress, respected by Robin Walker himself. The man who brought smiles to many and even in the most dire times still came to voice one of the greatest classes of all time. A voice that will be forever held in honor and memorialized as a legend. He wasn’t maybe the best, he was the best. He deserves every damn medal. Godspeed Soldier, let your rocket jumps make you soar ever higher. Your voice will always bring a smile to me, and thousands of others.
Fuck this year man.
https://www.classesandworkshops.com/in-memory-of-rick-may/

this article has an email presumably for alumni/students who had him as a teacher you can send condolences to
That genuinely sucks. One of the greatest video-game personalities I grew up with. R.I.P Rick.
'Godspeed, you magnificent bastard.'  🎖
[deleted]
If it weren't for the meet the soldier video I would have never gotten into TF2, Thank you soldier rest easy.
Pain is weakness leaving the body.


Rest in peace king.
Oh fuck man, VA of one my most favourite characters of all time just died. Fuck this virus, man, rest in peace Rick...
RIP, he will live forever in Soldier
Legends never truly die
You're dead, that's not good, amen.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvOz-HrD2\_o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvOz-HrD2_o) \[TF2 Soldier Voicelines\]
[deleted]
If Valve or the official tf2 Twitter account doesn't send their condolences I'll be extremely fucking mad.
Teleporting this bread in his honor 🍞
I don't like how 2020 still has 8 months to go. Can't get worse than this can it...
He was my voice acting professor in college, an absolutely fantastic guy that always brought out the best in his students. I remember him getting on me for doing a piece he gave me that called for a Morgan Freeman voice, because I said it was well beyond what I could do. He pushed me to try anyways, and while it wasn't Morgan Freeman, it came off in it's own way that worked just as well. He really cared for his students, and always offered to help them with their voice acting samples and providing resources for how to get into voice acting.

 This is heartbreaking to read.
Godspeed, you magnificent bastard.
I hope this doesn't seem to be a too soon kind of thing, but should we somehow do something to honour him?

Like on his birthday(September 21st), we all play as Soldier?
May he meet up with Sun Tzu in the afterlife. I salute.
We're not dying! we are going to live forever... right?
Oh, damn. This came as a shock. I wish the best to his family and loved ones in these difficult times.
Everyone play Soldier to pay respects
I doubt this will get seen, but it's a bit of personal venting and appreciation for what he has done. 

It's wonderful the kind of impact this man had on me growing up. His voice as the soldier filled me with so many laughs not only from his delivery, valves amazing writing, but the content creators on youtube taking these things to the extreme. When I hear the soldier I just laugh usually.

I say this because his death hit me fairly hard. For background, I'm a nursing student and we were just about to start a lecture on end of life just an hour before I got this news. It was tough... I thought I felt fine but once the professors asked us if anyone had experiences to share I decided to share some and was going to mention how even the death of someone not directly personal to you still has a profound impact.

Well... I kinda broke down before I could even finish my first word. I couldn't speak at all, I held up my entire class for 10 minutes just so they could let me catch myself. It was one of the hardest things Ive done in a while.

So thank you Rick, the characters you portrayed were a big part of my life, more than I thought they would. I can't imagine them without you.
May he be remembered for more than just TF2.  


[https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/f/f1/Cm\_soldier\_gamewon\_rare\_04.mp3](https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/f/f1/Cm_soldier_gamewon_rare_04.mp3)
It does not discriminate, this is why we stay at home.
“You can’t burn me, I’m already on fire” RIP Rick❤️😢
I love all the voices in the game (tf2 defiantly has some of the best voice actors in all of gaming), but Soldier always stood out to me. He sounds the most authentic to his class, especially the screams. It's hard imagining a world with a tf3 and a different voice actor trying to capture his uniqueness. 

&#x200B;

R.I.P
Fuck 2020 dude im actually so pissed and sad rn
"You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best."

As a Soldier main, this hurts me more than it should. May he rest in peace. 


Screamin' Eagles forever.
Can the workshop community make a hat for this. Anyone have ideas what it should look like or be called
I wish we could reunite in a lobby and pay him an omage with a salute as Soldier.   
I'm having an hard time believing it, I grew up playing TF2.
Let us salute for Rick May. We will mark this day as a special funeral.
Ooh soldier who will they ever find to replace you. No one you magnificent man
"If fighting is to result in victory then you must fight!"  


Godspeed.
Damn shame. Rest in peace.
Today, I don't care fail or not, we all shall Rocket Jump, in his name.
We will forever remember him. Soldier may not have been my favourite to play, but he was always my favourite character and it wouldn't be possible without mr. Rick May's legendary performances.
I'm glad he lived a good long life. Rest in Peace Rick May
Every Medic I bomb will be in your honor. 
Take the skies, solly.
i can't believe this.. i remember the video on his last birthday..

stay safe people

 rest in peace Rick May.
RIP. In a future map i will make, i'm going to put something in it to remember him for.
Rest in POWER sir
Fuck man
o7
He was Peppy and Andross in Star Fox 64 as well
I cannot believe he is gone. But i'm glad for everything that he did, all the work he put into this character that will be remembered by many, including me.
This is why you gotta stay the fuck home, people
Teleporting bread in the great 2fort in the sky.
Fuck this epidemic
I am having a sort of existencial crisis after reading that. Damn this year fucking sucks
Dear god...

I'm having that thing where my vision is slightly shaking, holy fuck my heart feels so heavy. I have never felt this sad over a celebrity death.

May he rest in peace, one of the greatest voice talents of all time.
I'm super fucking sad.. 

I was really hoping for it to be fake but, here it is. Fuck everything this year, honestly.
Rest in peace, Mr. Rick May. Thanks for my childhood memories.
I just rewatched meet the soldier. I cried like a baby. Fuck this year man. Rest in peace.
[Took a hell of a lot to put you down, old man.](https://wompampsupport.azureedge.net/fetchimage?siteId=7575&v=2&jpgQuality=100&width=700&url=https%3A%2F%2Fi.kym-cdn.com%2Fentries%2Ficons%2Ffacebook%2F000%2F028%2F731%2Fcover2.jpg)
Bloody fucking fuck can someone **kill** 2020 already?!
do you think they have bread in heaven?
This was his world.


CORONA VIRUS SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN ALLOWED IN HIS WORLD.


Rest in peace, king.
And then he got two of every animal onto a boat, and then he beat the crap out every single one
[removed]
 I won't believe it until every verb in his wikipedia page are changed to the past tense.
Rip. He was real good, maybe even the best.

&#x200B;

Emotional Crit.
May he rest in peace now.
Whoops. Just dropped my will to live.
And from that day forward, anytime a bunch of people were together next to a dead body, it's called a FUNERAL!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

>!unless it's a crime scene!!<
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
“Godspeed, you magnificent bastard.”
You have officially taken it to far buddy.
Sun Tzu said winning a hundred wars is NOT the best thing, the best thing is to win without fighting at all, and, Sun Tzu was an idiot, and if I would see him I would punch him in the face!
This sucks on ice
 

# ''If God had wanted you to live, he would not have created me!''

  
God has taken his child back into his arms.  He wants all of you to live from now on my dudes.  Rest in peace Rick.
[I had already feared this a while back](https://i.imgur.com/r5SEaLh.png) but i never anticipated it to happen this soon.  


Godspeed you magnificent bastard, nobody will ever be screamin' eagles as good as you!
This is a sad day indeed.
I wish people close to him all the best

His voice and character as the soldier was definitely one of the most influential portrayals in video game history.
His performance as the Soldier is an invaluable part of the games personality and charm. 

Fly high, Rick
That's it. I'm reporting Covid 19
As someone from Scotland i can confirm that we're all just Englishmen in dresses, god bless you Mr May
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
Godspeed you magnificent bastard...
"You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best."
Rest in peace soldier
God speed you magnificent bastard.
Man.... Soldier has been my favorite class to play as since picking TF2 in 2014. This extremely drepessing to find out

RIP Rick May, whom ever they get to replace him, I wish them luck
but....... legends never die......

you will be missed,rick,your voice is so iconic,but you didn't go down without a fight,it took cancer,heart attack,and a global pandemic to put you down for good,you sir are truly a legend,may you rest in peace

[soldier](https://youtu.be/Bj74XMIE7Dg)
This year has been awful, and it keeps getting worse

Rest in Peace.
Damn you 2020!
It's such a shame.
It's such a shame that they've delayed development this long. To the point where one of your voice actors dies.
It happens to the best of us. If we didn't lose him to the virus, surely we'd lose him to the other issues he had going on.

I hope this tells Valve something. Some sort of lesson. Although it probably won't.

Rest in piece. Godspeed, you magnificent bastard. We'll always remember you.
We should play soldier in honor.
I don't like soldier as a class, but his personality is one of the reasons what makes him more enjoyable. Thank you for all the voice acting you've done, and thank you for all the memories, fun moments and creation of such a charming character in my favorite videogame.
Fuck man. I haven't played TF2 in years but the 1750+ hours I spent listening to his voice, we will miss you fam
NOOOOOO
"-last one alive? _Lock the door._"
["Godspeed, you magnificent bastard"](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/465/185/56b.jpg)
"No! I did not have permission to die!"
How the hell does 2020 somehow manage to get even worse the further it progresses?
"we are going to life forever!" - Soldier
As a Soldier main of 8 years, thoroughly enjoying the amount of passion he's put into this game, this truly hurts me. Godspeed, you magnificent bastard. Fuck you corona.
I actually feel like crying.

TF2 is probably one of the biggest inspirations I’ve found in the whole compendium of fiction, in no small part thanks to the amazing vocal work of the actors.
Rick May’s Soldier is literally iconic.

You earned that paradise filled to the brim with whisky, ribs and sensible haircuts.
i really wonder if his family sees the amount of respect this community on its own has given to his death. 

because i find it damn beautiful to see. 

Rip Rick May
Fuck man.
You are great son real great, maybe even the greatest...
"If God had wanted me to live, he would not have created corona"
Alright, who's ready to take the *"listen to rocket jump waltz and try not to cry"* challenge?

F
Amen. We will remember your famous phrase, "Maggots!"
[deleted]
And now, you have officially carried it too far, buddy
Seriously sad news. One of the greatest voice actors for one of the greatest games of all time. The greatest Soldier and roommate to have ever lived! RIP RICK.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA GODDAMNIT THIS PLAGUE IS A CURSE ON US ALL
RIP you legend solider mains across the globe will remember you
RIP Rick May
Thank you, Rick. For being an essential part to this game.
This is the first time a celebrity death has ever hurt me. I don't know what to say but thank you Rick May, thanks for the awesome voice lines you gave me for one of the best video game characters I ever played.
On the bright side, you voiced more memorable characters that round than your previous best.
C-tapped into heaven, pogoed over the pearly gates.  


R.I.P and godspeed, you magnificent bastard.
"You were good son, real good; maybe even the best."

Rest In Peace Rick May. (Soldier and every character he brought to life with his voice)

1940-2020
This is incredibly sad. I've been playing tf2 on and off since 2014 and soldier has always been my main, so I've heard all of his voice lines thousands of times. I was already sad about the coronavirus and the delayed response of many governments including my own here in the US, but when you know someone that died and knowing a better response could have potentially prevented it, it just hurts even more. Especially someone who was such a big part of my teenage years. Rest in Peace.
A person dies 2 times, the first time is when the brain stops functioning.

The second time is when the last person forgot its name.

Rick May is still in our hearts for a very long time.
 Maggots , he isn't dead , he just made a big rocket jump to teach angels how eagles scream.  ❤🚀
Rest in peace we will destroy France in your honor
**Killed by a communist virus, this crime is unforgivable**
Godspeed, Mr. May. You've entertainined generations of people through your stagework and voice work.
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
Fuck man, I don't normally get sad over celebrity deaths but this hit me hard
Damn.
NOOOO... One of the best.
*"Godspeed, you magnificent bastard"*
Godspeed you magificent bastard
O7
Thank you Rick for providing many hours of entertainment for me and a ton of others. **Rest In Peace.**
[https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Soldier\_responses](https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Soldier_responses)
I'm genuinely sad. Played this game for four years, mostly played soldier. I want to cry. He was good... no wait.. maybe even the best... May you rest in peace Rick May.
anyone else is actually holding back tears from that? I never got that sad over the death of a famous person, but this time it really hit me
You amazing son of a bitch.  


I never could get TF2 running in any of my computers, but I thank you for the just... magnificent work you have done for the Internet and the inspirations you have caused in all of us.  


Thanks, Mr. May.

o7
Let's all watch Meet the Soldier in his memory.
This was an immeasurably disappointing time to go on the internet, and my day is now ruined.

At least the man went out with a bang, fighting 3 things at once. Godspeed.
Well the good news is that he's been taking Merasmus' "Kill-me-some-back-stronger" pills for a while now, so we'll be seeing him again soon

&#x200B;

RIP Rick :(
Fuck. Easily one of my favorite voice actors.
Rest in peace you glorious bastard, may you rocket jump farther than ever up there in heaven.
Today couldn’t be any worse
From now on at the start of every match equip the shotgun and do soldier’s basic taunt in honor of him.
You've officially taken it too far buddy
*Salute* Rick, you are honerably discharged. You have made my, and so many other's childhoods and lives amazing. America is proud, all of us are proud. Rest in peace you magnificent rocketjumping man. You didnt deserve it yet, but america shall not sleep tonight in grief of your loss. Keep fighting the good fight in the afterlife. Amen.
Is it bad that I genuinely almost cried over this?
shit dude, news ruined my day. always been a soldier main because he's my favorite character, i love his personality, design and most importantly, the voice behind him. rest well, rick. you did good.
I hear this from someone on 2fort and I didn't get want to belive it ughhhh why is the world so crul?!
WE SHALL TELEPORT AS MUCH BREAD AS WE HUMANLY CAN!!!
I am scared you maggots
He will return from the dead to give the living. Haircuts
I am Scared you maggots
2020 is definitely the year of grief
He's rocket jumping to heaven now.
Holy shit, of all the news that I heard this last month this surprisingly hit harderer than I expected.

I dont know much of the voice actor, but goddamn did he packed a great personality in his delivery. Seriously just enough of the funny but taking himself seriously kind of thing.

So sad he passed away, I wish his legacy will be remembered and that his family doesnt suffer too much for the loss, he was truly a great man
Lets honor him by reciting all meet the soldier
This year keeps getting shittier and shittier.
He died on my birthday 


You maggot (covid)
Cannot wait for this joke of a year to end.
“Oh solider... who will they ever find to replace you?”
But he did not get the permission to die...
Thats it! I'm renaming me Rocket launcher!
This is why I feel like we all need to try super hard to stay safe and healthy in these times, to make sure he didn’t die for nothing. God speed
Don't be sad because he's gone, be happy because of what he did. 

&#x200B;

Thank you Rick May, for helping create one of video gaming's greatest and most entertaining characters. 

&#x200B;

Now go and soar with the eagles, you magnificent bastard.
God speed you magnificent bastard
*"All men gave some. Some men gave more than some."*

*Rick, a true hero to many had provided the community with so much happiness with his voice acting. His profound accomplishments will live on and be cherished in the hearts and minds of many.*
Oh no...
if you say f

fuck you
Those communist animals killed him. God speed you magnificent bastard.
Thanks, China.
This is the last straw. China can take down anyone else but they overstepped their boundaries here. They not only targeted Rick May but they targeted us. GAMERS. I say we rise up and fight back! We won't sit down and let them take away anyone else any longer because God (forgive me for saying your name in vain) help me, if someone as important as Reggie Fils Aime gets stricken with China Flu, it'll be war.
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
I left Tf2 years ago, but I came back to pay my respect to a legend. 

May he rest in peace.
Even though it's been 5 months, it's still fucking sad to see this legend die...
Thats enough. I WILL SHOOT THE ANTI MASKERS
Godspeed Rick, Godspeed. Rest in peace
Is saying f disrespectful?
Well, he didn't die of a tumor. Medic was right. 

&#x200B;

Press F to pay respects
nooooooooo
Ok, now this whole thing has become personal
WOAH WOAH WOAH That's where you cross the line
I salute you, sir. I may not have known you as long as others have, but I salute you nonetheless. I hope you rest in peace.  


Farewell, and godspeed, you magnificent bastard. o7
Godspeed, you wonderful man. Rest in piece, maggot.
Aww geez. That sucks.
Well, there goes the first, i knew something would happen to the older voice actors eventually. For a long time i had been thinking about the far future of TF2, i expected Gary Schwartz, the voice actor for the heavy, to pass away first, since he looked rather old to me, turns out he is ¨only¨ 67.

But, he will live on in our hearts, and a small part of him will also live on as the Soldier himself, immortalised into this game until the last server will shut down, made me a bit emotional, so no funny voice line joke. Rest in peace.
Oh, this hits me hard... :(
Rest in peace Rick May

Played a huge part in my childhood
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
This is totally unfair, i just want this fucking virus to stop killing people in general.
Fuck. Rest in peace.
Honestly this hits kinda hard. I realy love all the characters that tf2 had to over they each have their own little quirks. And now we lose that parenoid voice of the soldier. This guy was amazing at what he did and I am gonna remember him for it.
Fuck 2020 is a bitch. I hope he has peace now.
NOO
COVID-19? My god. I'm sorry, and my condolences go out to his family.
I will just play soldier the next day. I mained him till I stopped playing in 2011, but I don't fuckin care. I will pay respect to him that way. Rest in Peace, the man who fires rockets to jump higher and who beats the crap out of people with his shovel
Oh no...
:(
Nah man this ain't right.
RIP, you will be missed
rip
Rest in peace, May. You will be sorely missed.
You were good, son, real good. Maybe even the best.
i feel bad for pressing **CRITICAL HIT** on this
That's depressing man. Rest in peace  Rick, one of the best voices in the game.
i want off this train
Between sfm and gmod videos as well as do a barrel roll he'll live on forever.

fucking rip you bastard o7
A god send of a man. Took the crazed lunatic we know and love today and made him real.
That's awful news, may his soul rest in peace.
His accomplishments and the joy he brought to so many players will hopefully be remembered forever.
"Good news, we're not dying, we are going to live forever!
“You were good son real good, maybe even the best.”
Rest in peace.
What the hell, rest in peace.
You stand next to that cart or I will stand you next to that cart!
He is now in his own world
Godspeed, good friend. You shall be missed.
Get a haircut hippie

RIP man
“Godspeed, you magnificent bastard!”
Holy fucking shit
This fucking sucks man. Rest In Peace legend.
rip
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
he went down as a hero in our hearts
The voice will always be on TF2. RIP to a legend 😥💔
Wow...that really hurts...
Fuck this year, man. May he rest in peace.
What a horrible year
Your a good man, maybe even the best.
May he be blowing up maggots above us. Fucking rip man.
This whole year has been fucking bullshit.
Really kinda makes want to cry :( sad feels man
fuck this pandemic man

i just want it to be over
This is actually really sad. Poor guy. DAMN YOU CORONA VIRUS!
Changing my flair out of respect. It's all I can offer in this trying time
Now you have officially taken it to far buddy
Anyone know where I can find his work in the Sherlock Holmes series?
Dear God no!
Lit a candle for his memory.
Fuck this is hitting me pretty hard right now.
its been three years

Serious Saturday has ended and **Shitpost Sunday** has begun - Our [rules about memes](/r/tf2/wiki/subreddit_rules#wiki_rule_six) have been greatly relaxed for the day.

####[See here for details](https://redd.it/fblj57)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/tf2) if you have any questions or concerns.*
See, a Heavy update! Oh wait, it’s the localization files
That's some dedication my guy
third times the charm? tbh im not expecting any new major update, especially since the bots started plaguing the servers.
\*me, still waiting for the 7th tf2 comic after three years\*

anyyyyy second now...
I don't need a major update to drop today, but in the very least I would appreciate the tf2 team letting us know that they're still working on SOMETHING.
I wouldnt even be surprised if the update actually drops because im in a tf2 hiatus and the game know to update only when im away and not playing. Sounds self centred but it honestly happened several times and its annoying
Dam, respect this meme is 3yrs in the making perhaps another 4??
Just curious as the why Heavy needs an update/ what we want out of a Heavy update. Genuine question, don't downvote me
Any second now. See? Heavy update!! Oh wait that's localization files.
Technically speaking, it will have been three years *tomorrow.* Still holding out!
You're getting more upvotes each year. keep doing this and you'll land at the top of r/all
It’s been 4 years
Tf2 is never gonna have another major update, the few people left at valve who care about Tf2 wont tell us though because an announcment like that would drop the revenue they make from Tf2 massively.
It has been 3 years since pyro update and 13 years since the game released and 13 years since i turned 4.
Has there been any other game community in recent memory that’s had to wait this damn long for an update like this????
I think it's insane to look at the upvote numbers on each post. AFTER the 1st post was archived, it was at only 702 upvotes. The second one only 5.2k. Now this one has almost 15k IN ONLY 3 HOURS. If anything this shows how passionate the community is about the game and how much it is still expanding. This is the best case for a new update yet.
it’s been four years make the post
Its been 4 years.
I’m waiting for the day that I can post this on r/agedlikewine
(In old man voice) Anyyyyy second now….
!remindme 1y
WAIT HEAVY UPDATE!? Oh wait, those are just patch notes
See you next year, everyone!
Don’t forget the gaming tag
See you next year!
by the time the heavy update comes TF3 will be here
AAANY SECOND!
THERES NO WAY THAT THEYD JUST MAKE US WAIT YEARS FOR AN UPDATE RIGHT
Been almost another year
Can't wait for part 4
It ought to be 4 years soon
True
Its been 4 years, wait, *starts counting on fingers* its been 5 years!
it's been 5 years
Anyyyyyyyyyyyyy seeeeeeecooooondddd nooooow
MAJOR UPDATE COMING THIS SUMMER!!!
and thats a real veteran move
[deleted]
I hope the Valve is making it. But they want it to make it as best as they can. And thats why it takes 3 years to make....
Hopefully you can beat 5.2K karma
Remember when they said that the vote was only to decide who got their update first. Haha...
see? heavy update! no wait, thats the twitter banner
Feeling sad there's no heavy update? [Just sing the heavy update song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fmm88ivXrlw)
See? Heavy update! Oh wait those are bots.
the real heavy update was the more profitable IP valve supported along the way
!remindme 1 year
See? Update! No wait, that's scream fortress.
See? Major update- no wait thats early Scream Fortress
I don’t know you, but I have a feeling I’ll know the year you die.
jesus herold christ, 3 years
The community shit on jungle inferno despite the effort and quality so we aren’t getting a new update for a while. If we did they’d complain that the new weapons make heavy « op » because he’s a « no-skill » class just like what they said with pyro last update even though pyro kept all of his weaknesses(short range, average/low speed.) Whales and youtubers would threaten to leave the game because it gets them easy clicks on videos and Valve gets scared they could lose money. Basically we have whiners to thank for the lack of updates.
Not even waiting for this anymore, i'm waiting for the last comic tho. Ironically, i have less hope that it Will actually come out tho
!Remindme 1 year
God has it really been that long?
I'll see everyone here in 364 days

Don't wait up
Heavy should have won the war
That's some dedication
3 god damn years...
It hurts every year
[deleted]
Worth the weight
Aaaaaaaaaaaaany second now..........
This is the third highest rated post in the sub
Almost time again
I found a reason to use my free award
just fuckin kill me already
pain
This madman is still doing it
cant wait for year 4!!
Pain
!RemindMe 1 year
This is sad
Valve are making something related to half life and comic number 7, I know it. Those bastards are working on a tfc vs tf2: tf3 thing and they all blow up to make half life 3 or some shit. Gordon freeman is gunna be merc 10
See yall next year
Valve, I need pootis update
Pack it up ladies and gentlemen, see you next year
I just don’t understand why they can’t put some community maps in the game every now and then, and MAYBE one weapon a year or something like that.
15 years, apparently
Any second now
The pain never stops does it?
!RemindMe 1 year
!RemindMe 1y
Thats gonna hit 7 like left for dead watch
Valve's moving to New Zealand, and will commemorate by releasing The Sniper Update.
Sir, you have my respect for this.
man kept it up 3 years

pog
Haha, fuck!
Pain
See you next year
Aged like wine, dinnit?
welcome to the heavy update, after 9 years in development, i hope it was worth the weight
Fuck Valve
We appreciate your dedication to the cause
the reason why i didnt buy a contracter last month was because i thought a new update might drop in 6 months or a year

Starting to regret my decision
See you next year
You guys really don't get it they gave up on this game lol
Honesty you might have been a GREAT episode
!remindme 1 year
AHHHH

  
still sad
Wait tf2 is a game?!? I thought it was the default models in SFM
Funny how a game called "left for dead" isnt actually left for dead unlike the devs other games.
New Year new post
RemindMe! 1 year
Damn this is still going nice
I think we will get one in 2022 😔
Why wouldn’t been such a fatneek
Oh god someone help us
The dagger goes deeper into my heart with every post
Maybe the heavy update was the friends me made along the way
This is how I keep track of my time
*****B R U H*****
Maybe eventually
Scream fortress is the best its been in a long ass time
Yessir
I like how the comments and upvotes increases
/r/DotA2 is suffering with you
!remind me 1 year
r/madlads
Tradition.
Here's to another year
The game's been around since Bush was president, I think it's fair to say that the game is done updating
See? it dropped! Oh wait, that's a localization update.
Put me in the screenshot but flip the guys name below me
!remindme 1y
Oh man haha
!remindme 1y
Heavy update will be great
Screenshot ready for year 4.
I'm still playing "The Orange Box" version of TF2. So you guys can stfu
No hope buddy
No gaming flair, downvoted /s
What were we expecting them to do give it to us early *slaps knee
You forgot gaming flair I’m gonna down vote
hey I'm just happy we got Scream Fortress this year with some new maps.
Virgin islands would have been funnier
Damn this is guy is more consistent about posting then valve
You can see the way reddit updated itself over the years in these screenshots lol
Still can't punctuate after 3 years. Nice.
!remindme 1 year
Upvotes growing much faster than comments
U been playing this game for 3 years wtf no others games to play
Nintendo might they have been since July.
pain manifested into physical form
!remind me 1 year
Virgin islands would have been funnier
Kill Me.
its been so long sine ive lost tf2 to these monsters the bots behind the slaughter
The upvotes just keep rising! :D
You can see how much the sub has grown in these three years despite the game not having an update
Legendary, let's get to five years woooo.... wait NO, THATS A BAD THING.
One day he’ll turn red
!remind me 1year
See? Heavy Update! No wait... that’s scream fortress
Stop...

*Stop...*

*...please.*

*^(I beg you.)*
its been
!Remind me in 1 year
!remindme 1 year
Next one should be: "IT'S BEEEEN SO LONG!"
!remindme 1y
You guys want updates?? *laughs in previous CS GO semi pro* it’s best to move to a game valve doesn’t own, they don’t give a fuck about any of their communities.
!remind me 1 year
!remindme 1year update
Amazing.
Value can't count to 3 "1 2 1.5"
Could be this years Tactical Training Exercise....
!remindme 1 year
Can we get to year no. 4?
Unseasoned dehydrated beef liver...just what everyone loves to snack on and he spoke about many of the educated nazis as possible as further conflict between the two though. LeBron's case requires more context and what-ifs and hypotheticals. Jordan's case stands on its own is a masterpiece in storytelling. I've never sau-sage a bad thread.
I see Bob Ross in the big three ?
Dear god...
"Guy, the Valve... Go get it!"
I quit when they added tickets.
Stop, I'm gonna cry man
You know that in meet the spy, at the end is like scout a spy? Maybe that's what the Valve is waiting for, to all of us to drop our guards, and then boom. Heavy update. Right behind you.
See, it dropped!

Oh, wait, that's just localization files..
Here’s to another year boys.
HE’S A MAN OF COMMITMENT, AND SHEER FUCKING WILL
its been four years
Nah, binned Sky off 7 years ago lol
happy three year anniversary guys
Bruh
Dear valve,

No, your game will not live off of Scream Fortress and Mannpower updates.

Sincerely,
Everyone still playing your game
It’s been one week since you looked at me
They only had like three races that year.
See you all back here for next year!
Are you surprised that gaming Jou*****sts are shit at what they do? Their job is to be good at games and access if its good or not but guess what lol
It's interesting how you're getting more up votes each year
Exponental Growth
Aaaaaaany day now
In another year you can get 100k karma from the posting of this
Is valve still doing the "you can work on whatever you want" office culture? If so... Who would work on TF2?

If you're a veteran you've already done too much work on TF2. If you are young and new you'd rather your resume include hot new titles than patches for a 14 year old game that may have realistically been from "before your time".
!Remindme 1 year
'See?! Heavy update, oh wait, thats just a patch update'.
Omg. I stopped playing at the pyro update, just found this post in popular. That’s fucking insane that it’s still not out.
I hope they at least make an anticheat or something. The bots are destroying all the Halloween fun
This is a man focus, commitment, and sheer fucking will
See you next year I guess
Congratulations, you now own the fourth most upvoted post on this subreddit.
Its funny how even after 3 years we are still being drip fed hope (through things like the mannpower updates and left 4 dead community update)
Screenshooting this rn
!remindme 1 year
Looks like it's time for a Battle Royale
aaaaaanny second now
Op do you have this one date saved in your calendar every year or do you just remember it. Serious question
Maybe the update itself is also heavy so it's hard to move.
See you next year, lads
one year, the text won't be even readable anymore because it's so small.
See you next year, folks.
shut the fuck up. please, just shut the fuck up. heavy doesnt need an update
Lets go for 4 years
so guys see you all in a year
!remindme 1 year
You leend
P    A    I    N
Ever think they leaked there own source code so thay could kill there own game because the servers weren't making enough profit?
Still haven’t forgiven the community for choosing pyro
!remindme 1 year
See you all again next year!
Id like to point out that these have gotten more upvotes over time
Like dude, wait tilll Gaben comes back to the valve hq, maybe then we will get heavy update, or even all classes update.
I can't wait to see this posted in the 4th year
Lets get to 4 years lmao
Nice
My mans in it for the long con
[It's been 12 years.](https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Heavy_Update)
Dont care still LIT😎👌
The Heavy Update Already came out
The Heavy Update came out years ago bro
u/repostsleuthbot
The Heavy Update came out in 2008, way long ago.
Your going to do this every year aren’t u
Bruh, [the Heavy Update came out in 2008](https://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Heavy_Update)
It's nice that the same person keeps getting karma for the joke.

You know, as opposed to somebody else making the addition each year.
I actually wouldn't mind a ban for these posts at this point

the heavy update was never 100% guaranteed, stop actively waiting for it. Even if it was, it's very clear valve has dropped the idea

edit: Downvote me all you want but you can check for yourself, at most they said it's only very ***likely*** both will get an update, right after saying both aren't getting an update. Stop expecting it, you're wasting your time
Saw this on twitter and thought it was funny

Serious Saturday has ended and **Shitpost Sunday** has begun - Our [rules about memes](/r/tf2/wiki/subreddit_rules#wiki_rule_six) have been greatly relaxed for the day.

####[See here for details](https://redd.it/fblj57)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/tf2) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I feel like in most FPSes I've played, shotguns have been the weapons that cater to the exact opposite of cowards, because you always have to get in the enemy's face
How about the widowmakers metal balancing or the fat scout subclass both fun shotgun play styles
... Doom Eternal's super shotgun?
"cAtERInG tO cOwARds"

Yeah, I can either do no damage at all at range or get right up in your face, charge you fucking head on to kill you, granted, one shots being possible like that but what the fuck is the logic behind that if Sniper Rifles can kill in one shot or a headshot at any range if the shooter is good enough.

Who the fuck is that guy even?
The shotgun is my video game blood.

Even in R6, where the shotgun is a tactical disadvantage, I run it. The meat shall fly.
I missed the times when FUNKe and Jerma would upload consistently
Jokes aside, shotguns are incredibly fucking fun to use that guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about
Blood's sawed off DB shotgun, DOOM1/2's shotgun/super shotgun, DUSK's shotgun/super shotgun, just to name a few that i can think of rn...

This guy's a moron lmfao.
I don't blame him for being uncultured
DOOM.
[deleted]
Bruh the most fun I ever have in online games is grabbing a shotgun and rushing in like a fucking idiot to the enemy's base and then just killing everyone, of course most of the time that doesn't happen but hey
bitch propably thought cod
In all games I've played, shotguns are ridiculously fun to play with
>every shotgun in enter the gungeon
CoD shotguns are bad, so that means every shotgun in a game is bad. Yea makes total sense
"Actually, fuck the shotguns in every game!" -FUNKe
Single shot weapons totally belong in video games, why do you think that nobody enjoys using the SMG and that it’s the only full auto weapon in tf2 (aside from the minigun)? Because people enjoy the burts of POWER single shot guns give you. A full meatshot is 100% the best thing you can experience in a shooter or even horror game. This dude obviously just turned a corner in COD or something and got his ass handed to him by a shotgun. Come on, single shot guns are so great that pyro got one.
Shotguns are for getting right upto someones fingertits, _people who camp with assault rifles are cowards._
Also see unreal tournament's flak cannon

It's a scattergun with a grenade launcher as secondary fire
Maybe if he played a game where the map isnt smaller than Dustball attacking spawn room
Every tf2 shotgun, every Warframe shotgun, every DOOM shotgun...
That tweet might just be the definition of stupidity

How did it get 15k likes
Titanfall 2 Mastiff is great.
FUNKe is great, if you don't already y'all should all watch his videos
Gta5's assault shotgun wich is a beast of a shotgun
What about the double shotgun in doom
> ... but most importantly, FUN to use.

This guy has clearly never played video games.
I love shotguns, I can think when in Just Cause 4 I grapple next to an enemy and shoot him while I'm moving. Or in Doom, there the shotguns are just awesome. Obviously then there's TF2, there almost all the weapons are like shotguns, and the game is fun af
Last time I saw someone complain about shotguns, they were losing a war all the way back in 1917
How is it cowardly lmao? If anything sniper rifles are cowardly, shotguns require you to get into their fucking nostrils to kill
The Mastiff/Mozambique from Apex/the other tf2 or any of planetsides pump shotguns are so hard to use as you need to have positioning, gamesense and aim to use, but they feel SO SATISFYING when you land a good shot
This sure remind me of WW1 Germany.
>Every shotgun in doom games

>Blood's sawed off

>Dusk's akimbo shotguns/super shotgun

>ULTRAKILL's shotgun, both the grenade mode and the pump mode

>Ion Fury's shotgun

>Payday 2's Judge Shotgun

If we're counting more than FPS games...

>Both of the shotguns in Hotline Miami

>A lot of the shotties in Enter The Gungeon

This guy just plays too many games that try and be realistic (and end up being incredibly unrealistic in the process given how dangerous real shotguns are)
thats the scattergun dummy /s
I knew if I googled this guy I would see that he plays boring games.

> Ian "C6" Porter is a Call of Duty esports player, currently a player for Dallas Empire. He is a 2014, 2017, and 2020 World Champion and 2020 World Championship MVP.

Interesting how he conflates his boring games with all videogames.
*Quake has entered the chat*
Thank you FUNKe, very cool!
Fortnite
Roadhogg from overwatch??
I mean, the guy has a "profesional COD player" in his bio
But shotguns are the funniest weapons to use!
Caravan Shotgun in Fallout New Vegas
Just checked his twitter. This guy is an asshole. The money flexing, "Im important, you're irrelevant" type of asshole.
Yeah, but sniper rifles that let you kill enemy from 500 meters away, giving him no chance to fight back are fair, balanced and fun to fight against
I feel the exact same way about sniper rifles. 

Fuck snipers.
What a terrible take from who ever the first guy is lmao
"It's a weapon put into games to cater for cowards."

That's a funny way to spell snipers  : ^ )
Any shotgun in Red Orchestra is the opposite of “coward” too. Who the fuck is this guy?
I have the exact opposite opinion to this guy. we need more shotguns in games because they are a blast to use, and of course it takes skill, in most games it's glorified melee; if you can't stop me with your super skillful rifle, then you deserve every last pellet I send your way...I don't actually know who this guy even is.
Halo does shotguns decently also.
I think engineer stock shotgun is pretty fun once you practice aiming with it for a while
super shotgun in doom eternal: gentlemen
Shotgun is anything but the weapon of cowards, anyone with a brain knows that because of the low range of shotguns in games, you have to get into the enemy's face just to kill them with it. If anything, the shotgun is the brave man's choice of weapon.
Ultrakill?
It's fun in R6S, getting those one-shot kills with that pump action shotgun
"witness me having a hissy fit dying to a shotgun on this game I'm playing and expressing it further on twitter"
But I love shotguns in videogames :(
This guy doesn't play videogames.
Fortnite's Pump Shotgun is also pretty good, Apex has some decently balanced shotguns that really require you to hit your shots and tf2 also has the stock shotgun. Which game is this guy talking about? R6?
Umm Natural Selection 2...
Twitter is a shit hell hole
Jesus people like these annoy me so much.
'sHotgUns sHouldnt Be iN gAmes'

 they're fucking DESIGNED to be extremely lethal in close range.
So what did we learn? If you're gonna make an argument like this don't include "all video games".
Clearly he's never played gears of war
Doom. Still fun to kill with a shotgun even if not the best weapon in the game.
[https://twitter.com/FUNKePills/status/1304613343504863232](https://twitter.com/FUNKePills/status/1304613343504863232)

Link to Tweet.
He says this behind his range-kitted M4 with thermals and laser beam recoil, camping on some far off hill in mw
Has this man ever played Borderlands?
I bet if he'd play tf2 his favourite class would be sniper or spy.
I like the shotguns in Warframe, the Hek being my go to.
What is the dude talking about shotguns are fun as hell
This dude's an absolute goonicycle, sad thing is he's also a pro player. 

All I have to say to him is CRY SOME MORE
Has he never played Doom?
Bro what about doom? That shotgun brings me so much joy
“It takes a real fucking coward to have to run up extremely close to the enemy to kill them. Shoot safely behind cover from a far distance like a brave man.”
Doom is fun as hell with the shotgun, so is new vagas and fallout 3.
Isn’t the point of shotguns to run and get in close quarters, a high risk tactic? It’s the complete opposite of cowardly.
All I have to say is roadhog
Crim’s never played Gears has he? :/

Edit: spelling
Super shotgun in doom u fucking moron
Shotguns are often high-risk, high-reward weapons that require you to put yourself into dangerous situations in order to close the distance between you and the enemy in order to deal huge damage. Using shotguns often requires knowledge of map layouts as well as enemy movement patterns in order to kill effectively and without dying yourself. This is what the TF2 scattergun is like.

Of course there are also shotguns in games where they are essentially sniper rifles and can two-tap someone from across a building, which is more realistic but way less fun. This is what MW’s 725 is like.
He never played Siege then..
He does know that there are more FPS games then Call Of Duty, right?
No one tell him about BOSGACOG
Sounds like something that someone who just got Widowmaker'd would say
Catered to cowards? How is having to go right up in your face to deal dmg cowardly?

Wouldn’t snipers be 10x more cowardly?
Shotguns in R6 are kinda cool.
Funke makes my dick hard
I didn’t even have to look this guy up to know that this is the whining of a COD gamer
For the love of god I have no idea how you scout mains do this. I can aim fine standing still but once I start running and shooting at the same time it looks like I’m having a seizure
You know what's better than getting a crocket and multi-killing people

Watching the hope in my.opponents eyes fade as they realize I run a shotgun rather than a banner and shooting them as they try to flee
This guy has clearly never played any video game that involves both being fast and shotguns.
Bruh shotguns are fun af in Valorant
Wonder what he got most recently killed by
   This is so true lmao
Haha Scattergun go bewm
i know old but like has this man never played doom
The man has a non-tf2 point tho, shotties sre pretty dumb in most games. It’s like w-m1 pyro, you’ll win a lot close range and be useless long range. Snipers/“long range” weapons make up for this by being usable albeit difficult to use close range, but shotties are literally useless long range in a lot of games, which is pretty dumb.
Fat scout go slowly towards you with a judgmental frown and terrified look on his face
imagine think you are the huge shit only because you are good in cod the game with 0 recoil and you can send a air attack in every place every time you want and cry because you got one pump
Keep net neutrality

We are leaving this post up to promote the fight for Net Neutrality as we (/r/tf2) have [promoted this before](https://www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/6mrj2z/today_rtf2_is_participating_in_the_internetwide/).

If you're American: [contact lawmakers and the FCC and tell them not to destroy net neutrality!](https://www.battleforthenet.com/)
[deleted]
Is there anything a Canadian can do?
didn't they attempt to do this a few months ago and obviously failed because hundreds of huge companies did whatever they can to oppose this act, when do they ever learn
TF2 is Free to Play!*

*if you purchase access to Steam for $4.99 a month.
It's disgusting how this is even a problem. You don't charge people extra for water if they used it on washing their car or doing laundry, why should this be any different? 
I hope we win
Alright I can't find anywhere else to let the steam out, no pun intended.

This is going way too fucking far. We are already being recorded enough by our search history- now they can control where we go? How we get to it? I say that is far enough!

Our government has been selling our freedoms away to tyrants that call themselves companies long enough; They took everything we had on our trails and told these companies that they were allowed to practically do as they wish with our information!

We are losing more freedom, we need to actually do something before our very lovely reddit is guarded by these people. We'll be paying so much Gabe will cry for all the money not wasted on Valve, but on accessing the internet itself and any other site. 

"Don't want to pay? Well if you don't I'll just tell you what you're allowed to search up and see and if you don't like it I won't give you internet."

We are being told this everyone. We already pay enough for WiFi right now, imagine these people charging us more to escape the "slow lane", to access the rest of the internet, to be anon- WAIT you can't be anonymous. And you certainly WON'T when these guys don't let you get Tor in time!

We need to email, call, protest, anything. If you're ignoring this, thinking someone else will do it well news flash; you're that other person someone else thought would do it. Before long a giant portion of the TF2 community may cease to exist, along with reddit, 4chan, etc. Everything's going to be suffering, and it'll only get worse. These monsters do not care about your joy, they care about how much money you're willing to give up for this comfort, until you are broke and sitting wishing you had done anything to reverse all the sites you payed your internet provider to visit; you'd wish you set your foot down and push back. 

We should have stopped Trump from signing the first bill that let the companies glare us down and all the things we've ever searched; now we're about to let this bill pass?! I say we spread this to every reddit we can, to every website we can, to every person, we need to do something about this or we will *ALL* suffer. The mods, us regular users, comp players, pub stompers, outside people, everyone is going to get hurt. Living in a different country? I would be fearful of the beast of greed that is trying to devour us, because then they'll forcefully begin to stretch to the corners of the world looking for that last penny of yours. 

I for one want my internet privacy, all of it! The excuse that it's made to be "fair" and to "reduce crime" is stupid and pathetic. They can already do such things without even having to take a step out of their building; they've got the technology to literally kill you with a bullet that melts itself once in your body so they can mark it as natural death, much less have the technology to also seek out high priority targets that are still in the country either running their last days away before being found and imprisoned or dying on the run. 

This will not reduce anything, it will not make anything more fair; IT MAKES EVERYTHING UNFAIR! US REGULAR INTERNET USERS DO NOT HAVE THE SAME ABILITY TO CONTROL AND OWN THE INTERNET AS THOSE PROVIDERS WILL! WE ARE GIVING TYRANTS POWER OVER US! I urge and plead every single person to try even just a little to stop this. Before you have to pay your last cent reading the very last TF2 post. And for Gabe's sake,

THINK OF ALL THE HATS YOU WON'T BE GETTING! THE WEAPONS! THE CONTRACTS! IT'LL ALL BE GONE BEFORE YOU KNOW IT!
So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send.

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.
I'm an Aussie, so this doesn't affect me that much.  
However, I'll be damned if I let all you wonderful crackers suffer. That's not what a decent human being would do. I'll try my best to spread the word for y'all. 
I will bet you a **MILLION** fucking dollars, you can bury me and put this on my **fucking GRAVESTONE**, when scientists FINALLY figure what exactly is at the center of our fucking Milky Way galaxy, that has SO MUCH mass and density that's able to hold everything spinning around it, it's gonna be **Ajit Pai's fucking head**, because it is the **DENSEST** fucking object in the observable galaxy *right now*.
Those sissified communists maggots are trying to take over again! I will not tolerate this on my America!
Sadly, I cannot participate, but I urge any who can to do so.
Edit: Spelling
I am 17 and I live in eu, is there anything I can do to help ?
When a non-tf2 post becomes the most upvoted post on r/tf2.

Ok, but seriously, if they continue with this, the internet won't be the same and steam, Reddit, and every other website will be slowed. This is unacceptable.
You are in my web! You are not welcome in my Web (asses who don't want net neutrality)!
Is this gonna affect the UK?
Question: Does it directly effect countries outside of the US, what are other countries laws about this and what are other countries doing about this or is this whole situation more of americas annoying bullshit it keeps spouting on about?
We didn't have net neutrality before 2015.  Comcast, Time Warner, ATT, Verizon all want this because it helps them make more money off of you.

https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/12/15959932/comcast-verizon-att-net-neutrality-day-of-action

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/innovations/wp/2016/07/07/why-treating-the-internet-as-a-public-utility-is-bad-for-consumers/?utm_term=.8f4ecf9f8713#_blank

http://www.nationalreview.com/article/447354/fcc-net-neutrality-internet-freedom-best-protected-without-government-regulation

https://fee.org/articles/net-neutrality-is-about-government-control-of-the-internet/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/14/this-is-why-the-government-should-never-control-the-internet/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-net-neutrality-advocates-would-let-trump-control-the-internet/2017/07/19/52998b58-6bc2-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html
Can the mods sticky this?
**OOPS! LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVEN'T PURCHASED 'REDDIT' INTERNET EXPANSION**

We here are Comcast have the intent to to provide customers with a sense of pride and accomplishment for buying different expansions.
Oh it's this again. Yay
they have been trying to do this since like 2011 if im not mistaken with sopa and pipa or something like that. still this will never happen.
[deleted]
Damn, more upvotes on /tf2 than pcmr!
ISPs could also completely censor websites if they wanted to.
Hey how's this going guys?

Oh, nothing that these astroturfing fearmongers said would definitely happen has happened? Broadband access has gone up and prices have gone down on average since 2017? That's weird. Maybe it actually just killed us all.
No.
Is this USA only or world wide.

As I am from Singapore but would like to help in anyway possible (not monetary because still a youth) as I strongly believe in net neutrality should be a right to everyone 

Any suggestions/viable solutions?
I just can't see this happening without a significant backlash. 
This may be an obvious question, but do you need to be at least 18 to contribute??? I, a 16 year old minor, wish to keep my internet free! 
Between [BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com/) and [ResistBot](https://resistbot.io/), I've mailed, faxed, emailed, and called Congress, my Governor, and the President all in less than 15 min. So seriously, if you haven't taken the time to support Net Neutrality recently, take a few minutes today and do it!

&nbsp;

**To make it even easier, here's what I said:**

*Let me start off by saying, I support strong net neutrality based on Title II oversight of ISPs.*

*If you also support strong net neutrality, thank you! Thank you for standing strong with your constituents and doing the right thing for American citizens.*

*If you don't support strong net neutrality though, and have taken the side of the telecom industry, there aren't two sides to this issue. This is not an issue of eliminating burdensome regulations to foster competition and growth. This is an issue of protecting people who have no power from companies who have it all, for a service that these companies themselves have made necessary. This is also not an issue of fearmongering. The things that the "fearmongers" warn about are already happening in places where net neutrality regulations don't exist.*

*So please, whether you support it already or don't, do the right thing and ensure Net Neutrality remains strong!*
Wow top sub post and it isn’t even about tf2.
Reddit: the FCC is corrupt and we can't trust the federal government since trump is in charge

Also Reddit: we need the Federal Government to set rules to regulate the internet

nah
Let me just check if this exists

/r/enoughnetneutralityspam
Where is Anonymous? Don't they usually do something about these things? 
If this passes, trust me, there will be more than just riots in the streets for the better or the worse. Hopefully for the better.
I press call but nothing happens
Everyone needs this... https://act.eff.org/action/congress-don-t-sell-the-internet-out
So what can anyone who's not from the US do?
This only affects america right?
As much as I hope this will work and NN will be saved again... Attackers only have to win once, defenders have to win every time. I just hope this isn't the first time they win.
you underestimate my pride and accomplishment!
If EA was a government
Which side of the government is against it, and which side is for it?
[Here is a White House petition to save net neutrality](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)
I want to call, but I am too afraid to do it. What script does it give me?
[When you are sitting on the other side of Atlantic and can't do a shit in regard situation in question](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/111/746/a32.jpg)
FOOLS, you don't understand this! They are trying to make people use less internet and do more IRL stuff! They are our saviors! ^^^/s
you should pin this u/wickedplayer494
Here is a White House petition to [save Net Neutrality.](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)

Please share this link. We can achieve more than 100,000 signatures and show the White House how we care about Net Neutrality. 

Comment from u/peaceloveArizona on a ama just here to spread it
I can smell a great protest coming right up if they take down net neutrality and charge 5$ for opening 1 page of a fucking website.
Anyone else tired of seeing this shit? Everyone on Reddit already knows. What we need to do is to get the message out to the rest of the world.
And this is now the subreddits top rated post, rip prophet
* How the fuck did this get 40k+ Upvotes on this Subreddit when the Previous All time most Upvoted post on r/tf2 was like 18k?

* Oh yeah Bots funded by battleforthenet.com!!!

* Do you know who supports this website?

* The Open Society Foundation

* You know who funds This Organization?

* George Soros whom just put 18 Billion Dollars into this Organization...

Wake up people, the FCC is rolling back 2015 Regulations that reduced competition in the Market Place and gave favoritism to Alphabet and Netflix. I am pretty sure the Internet worked **ABSOLUTELY** fine back then. These Regulations allow companies such as YouTube and Twitter to abuse Consumers, and make it harder for new ISP's to enter the market place...

(More ISP's = Cheaper and Better Internet due to Capitalistic Competition...)

TLDR: FCC is repealing 2015 Regulations that are actually bad for us the 2010 Common Sense Regulations are still going to be in place people...


deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2054  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/15780)
I WILL NOT GIVE MY INTERNET TO YOU COMCAST SCUM! YOU SISSIFIED MAGGOTS!

Didn’t even bother with the title there. You’re supposed to make it relevant to the subreddit somehow.
Glas to see more People spreading this message
Is this seriously happening, again?! I'm still baffled by the last time someone challenged net neutrality. You'd think that they might have taken a hint by now, but I guess not. Well, here goes another 3 weeks of my life:
Ajit Pai, FCC Chairman: 1-202-418-1000
 
You need to contact your representatives and senators about Net Neutrality even if they already support it, but especially if they don't. 

Remember that this very thread is only possible because of a free and open internet; kill net neutralityand threads like this might be a thing of the past.

Easy way: 

Step 1: Go to BattleForTheNet.com.

Step 2: Do what BattleForTheNet.com tells you to do. 


The harder, but still very easy way:

Step 1: Find out who your Representative and Senator is/are. 

Find your Representative.

Find your Senator.

Local elected officials.

Step 2: Find your Representative and Senator's contact information. 

5calls.org has a decent repository of Representatives and Senators contact information, though the site is a bit difficult to navigate.

Call My Congress just asks for your zip code and tells you what district you live in, who your Representatives are, and how to contact them.

DailyKos has a list of all of our Senator's phone numbers, not just the DC office. (Current as of February, 2017.)

FaxZero has a system set up allowing you to fax your Representatives and Senators for free! (Faxes are 
good if you can't get through on the phone lines, or just if you want congressional staffers to listen to fax machine noises until Net Neutrality is safe.) 

Fax Congress

Fax Senators

Step 3: Call, write, or fax to express your feelings on this. 

A lot of people are nervous about calling their elected officials for the first time, maybe you don't know what to say, or how to say it, or even who you'll be talking to, so here's what you'll need to know. 

There's a 75% chance your call will be answered by a Secretary who is specifically there to listen to your concerns, there's a 25% chance your call will be bumped into a voicemail box which is specifically there to listen to your concerns, there is a ~0% chance you'll find yourself on the phone with your Senator or Representative. 

You may be asked for your name and address or zip code, it's okay not to tell them if you don't want to, but the information is useful for your elected officials. I usually just give my first name, zip code, and the name of my town. 

Don't worry about a script, don't worry about being eloquent, you're not writing Shakespeare here, you're a concerned citizen voicing their frustrations, fears, and hopes. "I'm really scared of Ajit Pai's plans to roll back net neutrality, a free and open internet is important to me because [Your reason here. Some suggestions: An open internet is important to democracy/I worry what Donald Trump might do with more power/Cable bills are already too high/etc.]. Please tell [Senator or Representative] that I support a free and open internet, I support Net Neutrality, and I vote." The only hard and fast rule is that you need to be polite; these folks are getting dozens, if not hundreds of calls a day, they don't need you bitching and swearing at them for something they have no control over. Be passionate, but be polite. 

Reminder: Only call YOUR OWN elected officials! Calling Mitch McConnell from sunny Florida won't do anyone any good, and might actually harm the cause. Only call your own elected officials, period. 

Spread this information around, you can click "source" at the bottom of the comment to see an unformatted copy of this post that you can copy and paste. This is important stuff! 
Text resist to 50409
Nah. None of you have any idea what's actually in that regulation package. I bet you don't know when it was passed. Or how large it is. Or how few people were involved in making it law. Or that NN was how the FCC operated anyways before this enormous regulation package was created.

All you know is the name, and the 'doomsday' scenarios, and maybe what the internet originally conceived of when the term was invented. You've been frightened into supporting a 400 page package of regulations passed into law by 3 people (out of five) in February of 2015 with vaguely threatening pictures predicting websites being sold like cable channel packages, even though these two things are so vastly different as to be incomparable. A regulation package that allows the federal government to decide what is and is not 'net neutral'.

Edit: I love the amount of downvotes I've gotten from people who have no fucking clue what is in these regulations. And no one has refuted me yet.
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)

You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:

* https://www.eff.org/
* https://www.aclu.org/
* https://www.freepress.net/
* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/
* https://www.publicknowledge.org/
* https://www.demandprogress.org/

[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)

Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)

[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)

[Add a comment to the repeal here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC)

[Here's an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver](http://www.gofccyourself.com)

[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps

[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.

Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties as it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.

*If you would like to contribute to the text in this bot's posts, [please edit this file](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/src/resources/message.txt) on github.*

	 
	 
-/u/NetNeutralityBot
	 
	 
[Contact Developer](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tylerbrockett) | [Bot Code](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit) | [Readme](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/README.md)

[Comment not visible because you don't own the Comcast Comment bundle]
Please for the love of God and all that is holy, stop with this spam. 
Hopefully Brexit won't allow an opportunity for such an event.
I might sound like an asshole, but I'm so sick of these posts, it's on every subreddit. I know that English-speaking forums cater to Americans, but come on, this basically spam to anyone who is not living in the US, especially since some of the countries have laws regarding internet that are far worse than having paid access to some websites (full blocking and or active censorship of major sites, having your browse history be a property of the government that is stored on servers, etc).
[removed]
Even though the GOP is against Net Nuetrality, and the dems are for it... 

Please take over the democratic party and get actual human people in congress and every level of government!

Here's how.

https://www.justicedemocrats.com/about

https://www.justicedemocrats.com/platform

https://now.justicedemocrats.com/form/endorsement

https://now.justicedemocrats.com/candidates

This is the best way to avoid collapse, and get lots of cool shit. Like health care, Net neutrality, and ending the wars and the drug war.

Getting real reps in congress will make people more excited to vote, because they are voting for real representation. This will keep the GOP out of power.

The Democrats lose to the GOP because they are beholden to Corporate interests, albeit to a less cruel extent than the GOP. The Democrats will not excite their apathetic base with the same tired Corporate formula.

If you take over the Democratic party with actual populism, which is economic lefty, you will never lose to the GOP again. Not in this current form.
There are 5 people who will decide this. Two of them are hard No, the rest are hard Yes. Net Neutrality will be repealed, it was a done deal as soon as Trump won the election. At this point it's crucial that NN repeal won't be passed as some kind of a law. It's much easier for the next administration (if they are Ds) to pass another FCC regulation that brings back Net Neutrality. It's much harder to revert a law that went through House and Senate scrutiny. This is why it's hugely important to come out and vote Republicans out at this midterm election. Repeal of Net Neutrality is one of the few things this incompetent bunch agrees on. If they'll still hold both, House and Senate, after midterm chances are they might pass some really shitty anti NN law.
Fuck off with this! There's more bullshit about net neutrality every week and it always has to invade my favorite subs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"a bloo bloo bloo, the big bad gubbment is gonna take away my internets!" - some dumb LIEberals
INB4 mods delete this because its unrelated and they rather pay for reddit.
IDK why this thread has been unarchived all of a sudden, but still important to be mindful of government interference with internet privacy, stay watchful everyone.
[deleted]
Let's all get together and SAVE TF2! (Read comments)

one of your cousins from r/titanfall here 

I didn't really get to play tf2  since I don't have a pc but it sure as hell was part of me I was always watching tf2 content when I was 11 yrs old, and hearing about the state of the game right now I feel heartbroken, why would valve ignore such a beautiful game?


 I really hope this all works or at least does something even the smallest bit of valve's attention can help
Wonder if Jerma will join. Could help a fair bit
Hi from r/all!

This game got me through so many rough patches growing up.  I don't play as much as I used to, but I want to help. 

Can someone write a detailed description of what's going on so I don't sound like an idiot when people ask why I'm posting this?
We can do this.

This game has been a part of my life for OVER A DECADE.

I've met friends that I still speak to to this very day because of this game. They are my family. 

I don't want to see TF2 die in disgrace. It deserves more.


Edit: to those of you coming from r/all and otherwise who wish to know what's going on, [this video by FUNKe](https://youtu.be/2NN91RHoe4o) greatly accomplishes a tl;dr in a unique animation.

[This video](https://youtu.be/rKBhcfhiQ7Q) details exactly what this movement is about and what we are doing / hope to accomplish.

The watch length of both videos combined is about 10 minutes. Please consider watching them
**Let's get all eyes on us!**   
The goal of this peaceful protest is to bring attention to what's going on with TF2 on the internet!    
We all love this game so much and want to see it back in good health!

  
**On May 26th, from around 10 am PDT** we will all post about how much this game means to us! and how much we care on social media, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube, Tiktok, Anywhere! but end off your post with **#savetf2**

**So will you join us on May 26th?**  
This will be a **VERY peaceful** protest just reminding everyone that we LOVE this game please don't send hate towards valve etc.  
We will be representing the **TF2 COMMUNITY** so **let's do it right!**
I think the funniest thing ever is that all Valve has to do is acknowledge the existence of a problem and tell us that a solution is on the way, (with progress updates) and most of this outrage would disappear. Like seriously. All you had to do is talk to us. You've had over 2 years to communicate intent. I dunno if throwing a big stink will help us, but I suppose I'm willing to try at this point
I’m from /r/all what is wrong with the game?
thats a lotta names
Damn you got Antonie Delak into the collab
Gotta be more serious now
LETS GOOOOO
Where is Soundsmith?! I'd expect he'd be on the list with the amount of tf2 content there is.
I might not be a content creator, but I sure to love this game and the community.
My upvote is yours.
"Let's Do This Texas Style"  
**"YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWW!!!!!!!"**  


Let's get our favorite game back.
Better idea than the email spam tbh

At least this won't be bogging down company resources and fucking with actual developers
The support from Valve has been shameful. 
I am glad that we finally have an organized campaign  to finally spread the word and get Valves attention. 
##SaveTF2
In the words of Soldier, "Godspeed you magnificent bastard(s)."
I've only had this game for a year, but I've loved it since day 1. I suck at the game... but I love the community. I don't want it to die... Let's do it, boys.
Hi everyone! I'll make sure to #saveTF2 as well!  


And hi IF!
I really hate that the color of the text switches every few words for no reason but yeah, sure, this is a good idea.
Maybe we could finally get valve to break the radio silence with the comics as well, maybe???
Reject paid cosmetics, embrace gibbous
Well make this so frustrating, is that vavle is giving us radio slient, even them saying”hey we are tired on updating this game and we are leaving this game” I think the fan base would understand, but there aggressive slient while there real life mvm in the game is frustrating.
As someone who used to play a bit of tf2 way way back, and is now seeing this on /r/all, can I get a rundown on whats happened to the game to warrant needing saving?
Let's save tf2
this aint gonna work but lets give it a shot
I'm ok with TF3 at this point...
gl, lets hf
This is our world and they are not welcome in our world
I see they refrained from including the controversial tf2 icon mr duped shovel market manipulating mann soundsmith in the title, thank you guys i cant believe that menace to society finally got what he deserved. #fuckyousoundmith
I gave up on TF2 years ago, hopefully you guys will be able to change valve's mind. Good luck.
Neato
[deleted]
Friendly reminder that if you aren't able to Tweet on the specified date, you can always schedule a Tweet in advance.
One thing to remember:

KEEP IT PEACFUL! If things gets out of hand, valve can use that as a reason to deny tf2 anything, or worse.
All corners of the tf2 community shall join together, like red and blu joining together to fight the bots.
repost to r/titanfall lol
I think this is kind of too short notice, should've planned it at least a week ahead, like #SaveRedDeadOnline which got so popular it got the attention of Rockstar CEO.
***Let's turn this Valve.***
annnnnnd it's Thursday. the day I have no free time to help out with.
COME ON LETS DO IT FOR RICK MAY FOR SOLDIER AS HE SAID IT ONCE USA USA LETS SAVE TEAM FORTRESS 2!!!!!!!!!!
Go now 

As medic
As someone from r/all, what’s going on with the game that makes it unplayable?
Hi,

Tf2 is in my top 5 fav games of times and I have been out of the loop. What happened?
Count me in I'll do a #savetf2 stream I might not have a lot of followers but I do have a lot of love for tf2 and I'll do my best to support the cause
Edit: if anyone would like to join it's https://www.twitch.tv/ShawnPocolipse?sr=a
WE GAVE PEACE A CHANCE, IT DIDN'T WORK (extracts sign with malicious intent)
I will change my insta to public for a bit just for this.
On my sisters birthday, book day, and a school trip. This thursday is absolutely PACKED.
My question is, why a Thursday? Saturday is when everyone's off work and ready to kick some ass.
Honestly, might as well give it a shot. What are they going to do? Shut down the official servers? It's not like we can fucking play on them to begin with.
We've got one shot at this- let's make it count
TF2 deserves better than what Valve has been treating it.
This is my birthday. I am so glad that my birthday coincides with a protest to save one of my favorite games. #savetf2
@TeamFortress HAS RESPONDED!!
GOOD NEWS!! WE ARE NOT DYING!!! WE ARE GOING TO LIVE FOREVER!!!  


LET'S F\*\*\*ING GO!!!
Umm. Is there support be something here?
\#SAVE TF2

May

tf2 means to the has gone through a lot but now is in an state. have decided to and share our and for tf2! Will join

Casperr Petterscraps El.Maxo Toofty Ceno0 Berd Hoovytube Solarlight Mittens Milk Ape Jbird SpikeyMikey Wamo Rocketmanfran RubberMango Weezytf2 OrangeGlazer Foekoe And More!
Yo that’s my birthday
We need to do whatever we can to bring one of our favorite games back into the spotlight so that it can get the care and attention it deserves
Late Morning/Early Afternoon on a Thursday?
Uodate the bloody game, theres still money rolling through it so why not get what the people pay for
Even was this idea created? This is the first I'm hearing about it, but I HOPE it wasn't created in the past couple days and only given a few days to promote.
As Soldier once said: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm sure TF2maps.net would happily add their name to this if asked
So what exactly is happening with TF2 rn? I’ve seen this trending but don’t know what exactly is going on and would like to know
This is the only game that I grew up on that hasn't gone stale it must survive.
This event will fucking break Twitter. Will be most popular hashtag for sure.
Can I ask why all of a sudden everybody is on the save TF2 train? Bots have been a problem for years and nobody cared this much until like a month ago
Shout out to the old TF2F Chicago server
J_peg is there so count on testy seething about it somehow
I'm surprised to not see Uncle Dane on the list. If anything, I thought he would be the John Hancock and write his name the largest since man was the person who revolutionized the idea of being a competent engineer.
at this point why not just make tf2 open source and valve acts as a publisher.

The source code is leaked anyway, most of the new contents and maps are from community.
Save TF2 from what?
I started playing this game back on November 17th, 2011, and I had a blast playing the game, and I love playing as Heavy, Engineer, Soldier, Pyro, and Medic ever since then.   
Over two years the game was overrun by the Sniper botters and are spamming in chat, playing loud obnoxious music, and stealing people's names to kick the real players out of the game. 

It was my worst experience at the High Tower Halloween event where the bots almost kick me out using with my name at least twice in a row. But thankfully the players from my team had my back and saved me twice, and after that match was done, I haven't played the game again as a result with so much fear of getting falsely kicked out or worse be falsely banned from the game by the botters since I played the game for the longest time.

So I join the #SaveTF2 because I love TF2 as much as all of you do and I don't want the game to be forgotten as the bots are getting worse and worse as days went by. So Valve has got to take action and #SaveTF2!
When the only playable game mode is Mann vs Machine, you realize that's the whole game now: Us and them, players and bots, gamers and the guys who broke the game, people and code. Don't get me wrong, the other modes are playable, through other servers than Valve's, of course. But sometimes the good servers are full, or they're not playing a gamemode you feel like playing, maybe it isn't a Teufort server filled with Heavies shouting, throwing Sandviches and dancing. So you go casual walk out of spawn and... 450 CRITICAL HIT! as a Sniper or seven spin away, shouting "Nice Shot!" lines at one another. You spawn again and leave the match. "Why are these guys still here, again? For the reaction? The same tired, "Hey (Team Color), can you kick your bots?" followed by the bot kick? What's so interesting about that?" We've given up reacting to their troublesome meddling. It's just not worth our time. So we've turned to the people who can react, the people who can do something we can only dream of doing: Valve. We dream of the day the bots are no more, and speak to Valve and their fun-loving side: Team Fortress 2 has been the core of so many lives, and with the pandemic, it has become even more so. We ask, we plead, we beg of you, Valve: Save Team Fortress 2. #savetf2
TF2, where to start... This game is such a blast, with all the wacky things you can do while being limited to the source 1 engine (aka the same engine Half-Life 2 uses) I find it funny when I kill someone (in-game) and I send their ragdoll or body flying though the air at mach 5 always puts a smile on my face... Oh can't forget the hats, hats, hats, hats! Got to love them considering all the wacky and silly loadouts that you can cobble together.... just a shame Valve of all people just doesn't see TF2 the same way I do.... Oh one last thing can't forget about the silly stuff you can do with the TF2 mercs in gmod... also a blast..... such a waste....

\#SaveTF2
Any word on ANY reaction or acknowledgment by Valve yet today?

#savetf2 has been in the top 10 trending on twitter (it was number 1 for like six hours) all day.
#savetf2
It's hard to understand why Valve would abandon one of their most successful games ever at the height of it's popularity. Surely they should be doing MORE to support it, maybe even sorta re-launch it given how popular it has become. Shame almost nobody in charge at Valve seems to care. We love this game. This game is one of the best things Valve has done. Stop being complacent.
I can't believe they responded 😭😭😭
We did it lads
gentlemen, my peepee hard
WE FUCKING DID IT BOYS THE TF2 TWITTER GOT VERIFIED AFTER THEY ANNOUNCED
we have won, they have Listen to us!  
https://twitter.com/TeamFortress/status/1529970640224018433
VALVE RESPONDED
10PM here. Was very busy today. Time to do my part…..
TF2 means an awful lot to me. It was the first online game I ever played on my first gaming computer, back when I was just a tot, and it holds a special place in my heart.

Even though it hurts to see how its been left in disrepair over the years, it does make me happy seeing a community of people who care for the state of the game as much as I do. I’m not sure what it would take to get it back to something resembling the golden years, but I’d be thrilled to bits to see the folks at VALVe try!
Time to save my childhood
I'm nowhere near good at this game, but I had soo much fuun, and I wanted to play it way more. Then it got infested with bots and I stopped playing it. It doesn't deserve to be in this state, hope something can be done.
I looked at my tf2 steam achievements the other day and saw I was awarded a bunch back in 2011. It was Christmas time and I had bought the valve game bundle as my first steam purchase. Spent about 400 hours in tf2 long before I had built a computer, let alone had one with a dedicated graphics card. Everything about the game was enticing to me: the gameplay, art style, customization options, and most importantly, the community with tons of gmod/SFM videos and in-game content. TF2 was and is an important part of my life, and I hope it lasts another 15 years. No matter what new games come out, you really can’t beat the impact on gaming and culture that TF2 has had. It’s influenced so much.
we are not trapped in a facility full of robots. You are all trapped in here with us!
Even though they responded, it doesn't really mean anything. They said pretty much said the same thing and now look at where we're at.
well that was a load of bullshit
Should we get r/titanfall involved with this? Both fanbases have united before, they can help us
A great man once said
"With enough harassment you can achieve anything"

-Sam.
So if tf2 is just a valve copy of a mod for quake. Why doesnt the massive tf2 community of modders make a copy of tf2? Or you just better off trying to move the mountain?
This is how we turn our community into a laughingstock.

The game is a 15 years old free to play relic. Valve has repeatedly shown that post 2014, the game is no longer a priority.

We've begged them since 2016 to be more transparent to no avail. This will change nothing, and just paints us as idiots who can't take a hint.

Casual is dead. Valve doesn't have anyone who wants to fix this mess because it was ignored to point where it cant be anymore.

Enjoy the community servers and move on. A social media campaign is the easiest thing for Valve to ignore.
THIS IS OUR LAST STAND MENN.
The bots have saved TF2 for me. Community servers are full of good players once again.

The only thing that would make it better is if custom maps were once against the norm instead of being the exception.
Like that one guy from TF2 said: "Let's do it!!!"
Isn't the timeline pretty short, trying to get a bunch of people to do something with only a couple of days' notice?
LET'S DO THIS
What comments
We need to save this game!
Yes let's do it
We shall return to game to its true glory!  
The TF2 community shall make its mark!
We can do it! We even have Robin Atkin Downes (VA for Medic) with us!
I havent played tf2 in a few years and am ootl. What's going on?
I haven't played this game in years. What has happened?
wonder i fish tank will be involved, i know he's a tftuber. also can't wait
Is there no community server component to this protest? No actual playing of TF2? Just positive social media mentions?
hi from r/all wtf is going on
People who say "TF2 is dead" or "They'll never respond" don't understand that TF2 is dead when the community stops playing and that valve is a multi billion dollar company  with the assets to help one of their game's communities. They are adding cosmetics, they are advertising the game as if it is working.
Yes let’s pretend that the last hope of this perfectly playable game is in the hands of a bunch of stupid YouTubers to boost their undeserved egos more
I DONT HAVE ANY OF THAT BUT I SAY WE SHALL DO IT! I’ll be on YouTube at the ready!
oh im ready lets save tf2 TOGETHER!
Alrighty Then!
Lets make sure valve never forgets us
But can we get Muselk?
Pshhh like thisll do anything valve doesnt care and wont care
I'm out of the loop, what happened to TF2?
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETS DO IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!
LETS DOOO THISSS
Spy
As a guy who grew up on games from valve i say im gonna do it for us, for the community. #UniteTF2
Other TF2 here, glad to be here to help our cousin! TF2🤝TF2
This feels like the gathering of the mercs in the comics for one final showdown, and I am glad to fight beside you all
Tf2 was one of the first fps games that I played along with counter strike, we shan't let tf2 die in disgrace
Gotta admit, I've not played it since it went f2p. I didn't know it was still going.
I have over 1,000 hours in TF2 and I’ve been playing it since I was 12. 

I’ve had a lot of fun and met tons of good friends on casual. One of my favorite moments was when me and a buddy convinced the entire team on payload to go heavy and push the cart while playing the anthem of the USSR lmao. 

Like many other people I hope we can peacefully get valve to fix the bot problem so we can get back to screwing around in this awesome game.
but we gotta play as medics, for Robert and for Saul.
Fuck yea Berd
Wamo is by far the worst to represent the tf2 community. everyone else are great picks let the pooties revolution begin
lets do it lads!
We should show this to all the other creators that used to play TF2 like RT Game or Jerma.
[deleted]
LEEEEETSSSSSSSS DO IIIIITTTTTT
Inb4 half of the people who upvoted won’t partake and this all will have close to no effect
I only have like 10 hours in this game

Let’s go
Jerma needs to get in on this
This game means so much to me, I don't want it to die.
Charge it doc were moving in
TF2 MEANS TO THE HAS GONE THROUGH A LOT BUT NOW IS IN AN STATE HAVE DECIDED TO AND SHARE OUR AND FOR TF2! WILL JOIN
I wonder if any creators not dedicated to TF2, but still involved in the community (FUNKe, RTGame, and Fawful's Minion, just to name a few) will join too.
Let's do this!
I shall join ya lad.

Let us save TF2
SANVICH
Pootis support here!
Absolutely heroic.
Is Uncle Dane gonna be there?
TF|2 stands with you, god speed you magnificent bastards
I used to play this game back in 2015 and very much enjoyed it. I came back in 2020 and it was just full of bots. Sadly, due to that left very quickly. Hopefully, you're able to get Valve interested in this game and get some much needed updates.
This game, this magnificent, hilarious game, brought me into the world of PC gaming. I love this game so so so so so much and I will gladly share my love and appreciation for it. It brings tears to my eyes seeing TF2 in the state it is in and I want to change that, somehow. I hope and pray to anything, anyone, and everything that it will all turn out okay. This lovely community and game have brought me countless hours of nonstop laughing and entertainment and I hope that we can somehow fix it so it can continue to make us happy. I hope this game can be brought back to life to bring and deliver us all more joy and happiness. #savetf2
Not here from r/all, someone reposted this to r/FridayNightFunkin (you guys must be getting desperate /s) and uhhh yeah this seems like a cool movement I think I’ll consider joining.
Save tf2
i hope this will get to valve or something
Lets do it
have been playing team fortress since first beta in quake 1 and enjoyed it and the sequel, TF2, for many years. But alas, despite the best efforts, the bots are just completely ruining the experience. With a game that's bringing in so much money every day with cosmetics, I don't see how they can just leave it to die due to a bunch of griefers. 

no other *silly* team based shooter is out there that matches the class and diversity of TF2. are they just waiting to release TF3 and leave TF2 to die off to ensure max. uptake for a new version? what is valve thinking
God bless tf2
Man I played this game since bot coin was under a dollar. Sent a gf a present for Valentine’s Day. The there we’re ear buds I could sell for $30. Like seriously. I though we were her to kill chill and just relax. Then bots cheats and just more $$$. Come on let’s get back to the good days.
Really interesting. I picked up TF2 again about two years ago (when the pandemic started…ugh), and I gave up pretty fast with all the bots. Good luck with the effort to get a fix!
I don’t think a hashtag on twitter will do shit. A few hundred thousand emails at the same time might get their attention. But that’s just me.
Valve employee: *wait we have a game named Team Fortress 2?*
Your engineer, is engie-here for TF2.
Y'all this is the longest living online game of all time if it ends lets have it go out with a bang at least y'all let's not have our favorite game go out like this
We gotta get jameskii in on this
Can l get an explanation?
What do you want me to do
I hope the smith of sound is on board with this.
its been five years

Serious Saturday has ended and **Shitpost Sunday** has begun - Our [rules about memes](/r/tf2/wiki/subreddit_rules#wiki_rule_six) have been greatly relaxed for the day.

####[See here for details](https://redd.it/fblj57)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/tf2) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well, the moment has passed. Back to work!
See? Update! No, wait... that's the localisation files.
it's official, 1/3 of TF2 lifespam was without major updates
I hope i don't see this post next year (I will most likely see it)
TF2 hasn't gotten an update for 1/3 of it's life
The heavy update will drop next year, trust me bro.

Source: my dad owns Valve.
Dude playing on Jungle inferno for the first time felt like yesterday, The fun i had with my friends those 2-3 weeks.

We are getting old people, enjoy the moments.
Since we’re gonna wait forever for this update to drop, lets discuss our hopes for the next update.
Here before it gets 30k upvotes
Any second now…
See you next year
u/sweetenersss casually creating the most effective karma farming method known to man
It's been  


one week since you looked at me  
Cocked your head to the side and said, "I'm angry"  
Five days since you laughed at me  
Saying, "Get that together, come back and see me"  
Three days since the living room  
I realized it's all my fault, but couldn't tell you  
Yesterday, you'd forgiven me  
But it'll still be two days 'til I say I'm sorry
Wait, OP has it been you posting it every year? ...
Well, now what?
Until next year guys :( <3
god really has abandoned us
here's to another five years
It went from meme to discussion, this is serious
Honestly I kinda want a bit of a tf2 source 2 update, like an official one. I know the probability is low near zero, but its something I can find interest in. Idk, something to bring tf2 a bit more up to date.

Other than that, I would wish tf2 was handed to a different developer that can manage tf2.

Thats all for hopes and dreams.
[tf2 sitting here rotting while it watches valve update csgo & dota](https://media.giphy.com/media/xjIGtCFhMofGWtMlTA/giphy-downsized-large.gif)
happy anniversary
it's been 84 years...
return of the king
It's been a year GabeN, I really really miss you
See ya next year.
See you guys in Rayman 4
you still owe me 16$
!remindme 1 year
See you guys next year.
How long can this man keep it up!
Happy anniversary!
Have Been waiting for you
*Aaaannnyyyyyy second now*
Can’t wait for the 10th anniversary
I cannot believe this game is still around. I played the hell out of it for a long time and that was like a decade ago.
This is a half-decade long *oof* right here.
It's always a little mindblowing how long these updates can take to come out considering the game was already a decade old when we started waiting for it. 

The last time we waited a long time for an update, that was 2 whole years.
Ah nice to see this again. See y’all next year!
C'mon guys let's make it up to ten
Since my gitlfriend left me
What exactly is there to patch for the heavy? More tank or firepower?
I haven't played this game since the orange box, what is this referring to?
Can I be featured in the year 6 post?
Idk what tf2 is, or what the original post is about, but i respect the dedication
Wasn't Heavy Update released like 14 years ago? You know, when we got Sandwich and stuff.
Valve, it's been five years. You still owe me a have update.


Fuck off
Ok everyone, I have a feeling that the major update will come soon
I often find people calling posters like this “Karma whore” or something 

Does Karma on Reddit matter that much?
the fact that you made the same meme at the exact same moment every year... idk if that's just impressive or also makes you a bit of a madlad
I know that the most important thing is the main update,but we also dont have a MVM update for 9 years!
https://www.reddit.com/r/SpamtonCbt/
I remember the four years one like it was yesterday and thought this might have been that one until I looked closer! (Also, this one is a discussion apparently)
RemindMe! 1 year "It's now been 6 years"
what sucks is i know most people playing the game have likely sunk a decent chunk of money into it, more than enough overall that a small dev team could still be operating, but valve just arent willing to even give us 1 new weapon a year for fun.
and Im overe here  still waiting for Half Life 3
Woah woah woah, guys. This time it’s a discussion
!remindme 1 year
after 5 years a meme graduates to becoming a discussion - this must be an extension to poe's law
You still owe me fifteen dollars
Well men, synchronize your [its been six years]
watches!
It won't be 6!!
My guy is consistent, always doing the same meme since the last 5 years
Next year, I shall post "it's been six years", with all of u/sweetenersss posts screenshotted... **in light mode.**

There is only one way to stop me. Valve must release the Heavy update. 

RemindMe! 1 year
!remindme 1 year
Repost Rule.
Did you do the first 4 years in the same year 💀
What a legend
How tf do you get 7 awards in 20 minutes
 🦑
I’m tired robbie
There will be. Just not yet (:
Heavy Update will never drop as hard as these beats.
:(
Well let’s get back to work lads
Can i get a feature next year?
any second now
Any second now.. see update! No wait.. improved fire safety (the fuck is that even supposed to mean, explain valve)
It's been 84 years
The meme flair is gone 😔
Stop
See you guys around this time next year
It’s been five years, daddy
In 500 hours on the game, Ive never seen a major update
!remindme 1 year
remind me in 2 years
was going to make the meme lol
Im fucking old
!remindMe 1 Year
its been five years and 2 hours
Where’s the Lightweight update?
April 14th 2032 update will add 2 new miniguns, a new fist reskin and a new voiceline
o7
!remind me 1 year
Any second now!
The nest of realization
My face when there is litteraly one developer at the game:
l was here... yay...
I hope there’s a climactic post when the update does come out (if it ever does)
!remindme 1 year
Insane that TF2 had ten years of updates and now we’ve gone half that time (five years) without one.
!remindme 1 year
Nice post fellas, same time next year?
You still owe 16 dollars
Consistency is the key to success.
!RemindMe 1 year
!remindme 1 year
"VALVe, it's been 5 years. You still owe us the Heavy update"
See you all next year
!remindme 1 year
I'm like a Stockholm Syndrome victim, I don't want the game to change now because change is scary.
!remindme 1 year
alright I’m done with this game
!remindme 1 year
Tf2 fans going through temporary depression on this specific day (they will get over it tomorrow)
Don't worry guys, it's coming any day now!
See you guys next year
Dead game
"You still owe me $16 dollars"
!remindme 1 year
God I fucking hate this game (this is my favorite game and I fear the day the last server shuts off)
They're waiting 9 years for 9MERCS, it's all SYMBOLISM
I'm just here to be part of history. Hello.
TF3 in october 2025
Any minute now
!RemindMe in 355 days
remindme! one year
The upvotes peaked at 3years
!remindme 1 year
I am going to comment
That's some real dedication!
Damn, i'm old
RemindMe! 1 year
The voice of heavy died so I really doubt they're going to have an update.
I feel like we may need to start a similar thread about the Daft Punk reunion.
It’s never going to drop
Anyyyy second now
5 years, 5 years, still you, still me, still here
Here's to the the sixth!
(they don't know the heavy update already happened)
This will for decades i believe
Even splatoon 2 died in that time....
It’s even funnier the ~~second~~ ~~third~~ ~~fourth~~ fifth time!
!remindme 1year
Huh

So the original post was made a day after I made my Reddit account
!RemindMe! 1 year
The update will drop within 2 months of Bloodborne coming to PC and/or MGS4 being in another platform
See? Red! No wait that's blood
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Aaaaaanyyy minute now
[Five Years](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ObjtVdsV3I)
There's that word again; "heavy".  Why are things so heavy in the future?  Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull?
How has it been 5 years since jungle inferno?
What
Why they are not updating game i didnt get it
!remindme 1 year
!remindme 1 year
It’s been 5 years you still owe me 16 dollars
remindMe! 1 year
!remindme 365 days
o7
Why did you tag it as discussion
#DEDICATION
It's been 5 hours for this post
💀
read this with it's just a burn memory playing
Never ending loop
I'm convinced that if TF2 hadn't turned into such a shit show of toxic gamers and racist homophobes then Valve would have kept working on it.
This really blew up in year 3
Why’s it tagged discussion today?
You’re a fucking legend
!remindme 1 year
RemindMe! 11 months
Wow, this things already in the top of all time
remindme! 1 year
It’s been 5 years daddy, I really really miss you
!Remindme 1 year
It' only gonna take 4 years more.
Don't worry lads.
It's it's
It has been five years and I still don’t have that 16 refined my friend owes me
“Valve, it’s been five years, you still owe me one heavy update.”
I didn't even realize it was all from the same guy
Why didn't you tag it with the meme tag?
I like how the flair has changed from "meme" to "discussion"
Any second now...
A time honoured tradition.
and you still owe me 16 dollars
!remindme 1 year
5 years of what if I may know
See you next year!
Y’all really ought to just accept the game’s very old and has reached the point where Valve isn’t gonna do any more major content updates. If you’re still holding out for one after this long…I dunno what to tell you. You should be grateful Valve still supports it as much as it does and the game still has a lot of active players
Tf2 most consistent karma farm confirmed
Infinite karma glitch
Fucking hell. 5 years. My entire life has changed in that time, externally and internally. I have a lot of improvements to make, but I'm proud of myself. Hope the same can be said for you all. I still think we'll get that heavy update at some point. One day I'll lose hope in tf2, but today is not that day. See you around.
!remindme 1 year
Bro has been doing this for years
You are gonna make a whole lot of these in the future pal
It’s been five years and eight hours
It's been so long
I love how the first 4 years it was tagged as a meme, but now it's a discussion.
remindme! 1 year
!remindme 1 year
Why Are They Not Dropping It Yet?
Jesus has been gone for 2000 years, and people are still waiting for him.

Valve, we are just as strong. 

You WILL give us the heavy update, even if it's given to our children's children's children. 

Heavy WILL get new weapons.
We counting by odd years or primes?
Aaaaaaany second now
Gosh darn it valve!
It's been five years daddy
So we're fine, as long as he lists this post as a meme
Can we get much higher?
We had an entire war with robots since they promised it
Still you, still me, still here…
I love how by Year 5 it transitioned from a meme to a discussion.
Me who started playing when jungle inferno droped:

I was there Gandalf, I was there 3000 years ago
"Valve! It's been five years, you still owe me a Heavy Update!"

*"Fuck off."*
# THE RETURN OF THE KING
Ah shit here we go again
RemindME! 1 year
it's back...
dude you're such a legend for hoping for a heavy update for so long that you're on [hot](https://www.reddit.com/r/madlads/comments/y5ote9/madlad_posts_every_year_waiting_for_the_heavy/) in r/madlads
this isnt even a meme anymore this is a cry for help
See? Update! Oh wait it’s just patch notes…
OP is yet still alive
See you next year!
Look! An update! Oh, just more localization files.
agony
!remindme 1 year
You still owe me 16 dollars
See you next year 🤙
I remember last year's post
Its gonna be next year for sure
!remindme 1year
Bruce, it's been 5 years, you still owe me 16 dollars
The prophecy continues.
And you still owe me $16
It's both an impressive yet sad accomplishment at the same time
I just love how it's all one guy
5 years too long...
give it up for year five, can we get a year six? (please no)
I'm glad I was here for this.
Gentlemen, Synchronise your death watches
Team Fortress 2
Sadness
How long until the first image is unseeable
You still owe me 16 dollars.
This is getting out of hand, now there are five of them
Aaaaany second now...
Soldier he respawned what are you waiting for
Well I have no more hope
!remindme 1 year
don't mean to shit on everyones party but the heavy update was never guaranteed, they said that the losing class of the mym update MIGHT get an update but there were no promises
Who's ready to raid Valve Headquarters to help the Janitor?
It's been five years Valve...
We really, really miss you...
The bots say you are at the Milk store...
I'm a bit late, but at least I can say I was here within its first month. Here's to hoping we will get the Heavy update within the following year.
8 years for me, I feel fucking ancient
bro i went from being in 7th grade to graduating highschool and this update is still no where to be seen 😭😭😭😭
!RemindMe 1 year
Every year this man posts it
it's been so long
The Undead

Serious Saturday has ended and **Shitpost Sunday** has begun - Our [rules about memes](/r/tf2/wiki/subreddit_rules#wiki_rule_six) have been greatly relaxed for the day.

####[See here for details](https://redd.it/fblj57)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/tf2) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Go to hell! And tell the devil that i'm coming for him next!"
the fact that TF2 is mostly community ran at this point is the sole reason its still alive
Can't detonate while taunting. Rip TF2.
[Slurred] "And then I'll grow yer arse's arse and I'm the grass man, punk yeah heaven's heathen..."
- Demoman Tf2
Absolutely true. Where other games wither and die, Team Fortress shakes it off and goes on! 

"...We are not dying! We are going to live forever!"
The reaper keeps respawning and falling for the same trap.
im a grim bloodeh fable that has an unhappy
bloodeh ending!
They're gonna have to put you back together!

IN HELL!
Wher engineer nest and medic ready to Uber heavy ?
Wtf even are those other games?
Behind the door: 24 Krit Stickies ready to detonate, A giant Engie nest with 10 lvl 3 Sentries, 3 medics ready to Krit and Uber Heavies with the Brass Beast, and 10 Snipers with the Jarate to really stick it to death.
I guess this is that grim bloody fable he keeps talking about.
why put the stickies where the door will block them put all of them on the left side
Next time with the Scottish Resistance
Where’s Soldier sniffing glue getting ready to spam the trigger with the Beggar’s Bazooka?
somehow Team Fortress 2 manages to persevere any time it was basically meant to die, like it almost feels like it will just adapt with every attempt at exterminating it
„Couldnt ya see the bloody bombs?“
oh yeah what happened to their card game
OH NO DEMOMAN YOU CANT DETONATE WHILE TAUNTING, TF2 IS DOOMED!
with servers being doxxed and being unable to play TF2 (unless you play on community servers) i think the game weill very easily die soon

&#x200B;

thanks valve for caring about your creations
GOOD NEWS! WE'RE NOT DYING!

WE ARE GOING TO LIVE FOREVER!
Shut up! Alien Swarm still lives in my heart!
TF2 is immortal, no matter what game dies, tf2 will never die.
“I'm a black Scottish cyclops. They got more fecking sea monsters in the great Lochett Ness than they got the likes of me. So! T'all you fine dandies, so proud, so cocksure, prancin' about with your heads full of eyeballs... come and get me, I say! I'll be waitin' on you with a whiff of the old brimstone! I'm a Grimm bloody fable with an unhappy bloody end! Oh, they're going to have to glue you back together...IN HELL!”
Oh they're gonna have to glue back together

IN HELL
I cannot believe how great the game still is. I mean even with no new content it’s so fucking fun to play still.
I'm downloading this and spreading this all over the internet, this meme is gold
Ohh, they're gonna have to glue you back together... IN HELL!!!
That is one magical door
“Oh they’re gonna havta glue you back togetha’ *IN HELL!”*
TF2s never die
"LEEEEEEEEEAAAATS DOO IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAT
OH, THEY'RE GONNA HAVE TO GLUE YOU BACK TOGETHTER. IN a soup can!
That reaper is a spy!
Ohhh they are gonna have to glue back the the grim reaper... IN HELL
Is it just me or is the matchmaking thinggy broken?
Team fortress is absolutely dead, but people can still play and like it.
Game's already dead, just doesn't know it yet.
"The virginal brides file past his tomb  
Strewn with time's dead flowers  
Bereft in deathly bloom  
Alone in a darkened room"

The demoman!
This legit made me chuckle.
Hold up demo cannot detonate stickies while taunting. This demo is screwed
Fucking love the stickies on the door lmao
They're gonna have glue you back together, IN HELL
The "murder" is amazing. Huge pickup!
Demo is always ready
Oh they gonna have to glue you back together… IN HELL!
KA*BOOM!*
"Somebady gonna glue you back  in hell"
Ka-BOOM! *schadenfreude taunts*
What makes me a good demo man?
What happened to alien swarm?
"There gunna haf to gluuee you back together IN HELL!!!"
Then there's a second door with a medic and heavy with 2 engines and a pyro.
Oh they're going to have to glue you back together! IN HELL!
So, t'all you fine dandies so proud, so cocksure! Prancin' aboot with your head full of eyeballs! Come and get me I say!

I'll be waiting on ya with a whiff of the ol' brimstone. I'm a grim bloody fable...with an unhappy bloody end!

Oh, they're goingto have to glue you back together...in hell!
Demo was too drunk to remember to die.
ohoho, they're gonna have to glue ya back together...IN HELL
Genius
The kids need to be really aggressively armored.
doesn't stock sticky launcher only have 6 stickes?
"I'll be waitin' on ye'!"
Bahaha
Cherrs mate
Son, always remember.

Dying is gay.
Team fortress wont die
" HAHA I guess they'll have to glue u back togetha, IN HELL!"
What game is the first door for?
Technically if the comics are cannon to the game, they technically none of them have souls other than medic, who has 8
This is no game, it's a religion, a drunken religion
The mercs when only 1,999,999,999 tho
The problem is that you can’t det while taunting
Well, off to visit your mother!
“Come in!”
i would love to play this game, but i just get kicked from by both teams, even though they are teaming
YES SIR
The mercs when only 1,999,999,999 tho
The memes are taking over
"Ooohhh they are going to have to glu you back together. IN HELL!"
“Oh they’re gonna have to glue you back together, IN HELL!”
I got a manky eye. I'm a black, Scottish cyclops.
Hey can I kill you now?
#N O
Why?
#THE DOOR IS A DEADLY WEAPON
*And now there’s explosives*
Took a break from tf2, came back and arena had bee removed. Sad arena is the only thing I played a lot
the reason he says "if i were a bad demoman, i wouldnt be sittin here talkin to ya"
What are the other 2 symbols on the doors?
Nice
It just doesn’t die.
TF2 will never die!
not to mention teh scottish resistance stickies modified with quike bomb charge damage bonus
Oh! They have to glue you back together, in hell!
Valfe: Ok, you have no developers. You must die! Why you still alife?!    
Team Fortress 2: because I have the most amazing and powerfull comunity! I will life forever!   
Valfe: nope)
"Ooooh they're gointo have to glü yü bakk together... IN HELL!!"
"...T'all you fine dandies so proud, so cocksure. Prancin' aboot with your heads full of eyeballs! Come and get me I say! I'll be waiting on ya with a whiff of the 'ol brimstone. I'm a grim bloody fable... with an unhappy bloody end!"

I love this dude.
what is the blue logo game?
I just wish the old "Science and Industry" mod would get remade.
What are the first two games?
So what is it about tf2 (besides being the first popular team shooter) that gave it such staying power?

Hard mode: No mentioning Steam
*DEAD* Death: Fucking sticky spammer
team forever 2
The pee goes the other way..
As I scrolled down you had me at the first half not gonna lie M8!
oooo they gonna have to glue yoou béck together IN HELL
So this is how it’s still kicking
Kabloee!
And in the next door, Death goes for the console versions included in The Orange Box.
The one thing that makes it so hard
The mercs when only 1,999,999,999 tho
Lesss fucking goooo
\*Tf2 has escaped the underworld\*
LETS PLAY A GAME
Yalalalada it is good day to be not dead!
He will get more damage on his right side than on his left side i assume
*Cheers mate*
What are the other two games?
Haven’t played TF2 in like 5 years, jump back on cause I’ve been itching to play some Medic, takes 2 seconds to find a match, pyro immediately throws me off a ledge. 

TF2...TF2 never changes
Whats the first one.

								https://rollercoin.com/?r=ksg752dd
There’s a reason why the last one alive locks the door.
IM A GRIM BLOODY FABLE, WITH A BLOODY UNHAPPY ENDING
Oh, they're gonna have to put *you* back together, IN HELL
This looks like something that would happen in the comics
“Aw, there’s a new angel in heaven…

**IN HELL.”**
Tf2 is perfected chaos. Flawless multiplayer fun. It will never die.
THEYRE GONNA HAVE TO BURY WHATS LEFT OF YOU IN A SOUP CAN!
Tf2 is not dying as long there comunity server.
No wonder tf2 never dies
**"KA-PEEW... Whoahah, they will have to glue you back... IN HELL!"**
Oh I’ll be waiting, and they’ll have to put you back together… in a SOUP CAN.
They're going to have to glue you back together. IN HELL!!!
Revenge
No one uses that character
The fact it’s honestly disgusting
I don't even know what the other two games are lmao, they really must be dead
Demo wait you can't detonate stickies when you're taunting!
S I X T Y T W O
And that what ya get for touchin' that!
Tf2 community servers be like:
Oh alien swarm...
"Come and get me, I say! I'll be WAITIN' on ya with a whiff of the ol' brimstone! I'M A GRIM BLOODY FABLE! WITH AN **UNHAPPY** BLOODY END!"
What is dead may never die
COME IN YOU C**T, I DARE YOU!!! I DUBLE DARE YOU!!!!
I'M A GRIMM BLOODY FABLE WITH AN UNHAPPY BLOODY ENDING. OH THEY'RE GONNA HAVE TO GLUE YOU BACK TOGETHER IN HELL
What game does the symbol on the left represent?
Spawncamping death
KABOOM!
This game simply refuses, it's honestly insane
“Anyone uh’ll a ya you uh’ll BOOM!!”
So! T'all ya find dandies so proud, so cocksure, prancin' aboot with yer heads full of eyeballs! Come and get me, I say! I'll be waitin' on ya with a whiff of the ol' brimstone! I'm a grim bloody fable... with an unhappy bloody end!
a stock sticky trap???? wtf nobody that uses stock setup traps only scottish ressistence
What even is the first door lol
"I'M A GRIM BLOODY FABLE WITH AN UNHAPPY BLOODY END!"
the death is dead!
BEWM!
Ah, the alien swarm logo. I miss that game.
And I did it LIEK THIS!
"They're going to have to glue you back together, IN HELL!"
Dead for 4 years

5th most played game on steam
•scottish music plays•
Looks like they'll have to glue you back together... in hell!
KA-BOOOOoooooOOOOOOOM
This is the way
Secret to longevity and success as a first party Valve game... Never start the name with the letter 'A'
"G"

#KABLOOOOOOOOHHEEEEEEHHHHH
This makes me so inexplicably happy
Death >|\_|< Demoman
"Ooh, it seems like they're gonna have to glue you back together, IN HELL!"
Oh theere gonna have to glue you back together, IN HELLL!
KABLOOEY!!
I dubbed the Meet the Demoman in Turkish and I thought I'd browse the internet a little bit and this is what I came up with.
https://youtu.be/hbVSIl2MGfY

The correct response
"They're gonna have to bury whats left of you in a soup can"
Genuinely amazed this game still has a solid player base
They are gonna have to berry whats left of you in a tin can
What are the other 2 games?
fun fact, you can't detonate stickies while taunting
Never been more alive.
LMAO; also professionals have standards, be lazy, be untalented, have a plan to steal every post you see.
"Didn't you see the bloody bombs?"
Kabooooooooooooooom
“Aw, there's a new angel in heaven... IN HELL!”
Oh they're going to have to glue you back together... IN HELL!
The mercs when only 1,999,999 tho
What r those 2 games before?
The mercs when only 1,999,999,999 tho
Ohhh they are gonna have to glue you back togethet, IN HELL.
Is it undead I thought it died forever ago
Open source the TF2 source code!
The mercs when only 1,999,999 wasn't enough
Love tf2 game, but community is toxic af, someone once told me I'm shit because I don't have any hats and I'm probably f2p, i got tf2 from orange box when it wasn't free yet. 
I'm not great but people like that make me sick
Ik the second door is Artifact, but what game is on the first door?
“They’re gonna have to glue you back together…in HELL!”
Ohhhh I'm gon' ta blast ya inta thin glue!
Go to heaven! And kill the devil! I'm DRUNK!!!
Needs a crit sticky in there just to be sure
The mercs when only 1,999,999 wasn't enough
"I ain't going down whiteout a fight!"
What’re the first two doors
I wish valve let the community update the game
You also forgot about the sentry
As a glorious man once said "We are going to live forever!"
tf2 after years long constant bot crisis, several DDOS attacks, 4 years of close to no support from Valve fueled by the power of scream fortress every year: Tis' but scratch
I have only 1 slover but God damn u deserve it
Thanks for making me laugh
That’s a demo for ya
Glad it was a sticky trap and not dead ringer
Your ass is grass and I'm the grassman
OCH, THEY'RE GONNA HAVE FUN PUTTING YOU BACK TOGETHER, IN HELL!
"Oh? Every single one of you ...not you"
Don't forget about the engine nest right out of the screen frame ready to fucking light the man up
This post is epicco

However, I'm only commenting to make this post have 500 comments.
Alien swarm was a tech demo, and you can't change my mind.
if you huntin for trouble lad

you found it
As a demo main, I approve of this post.
Posts Awarded The Most Coins Today:

1 - The price is wrong!🔥🚀... [(+56.9K)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Superstonk/comments/qpafuo/the_price_is_wrong/)

2 - I’m back with a few water bear... [(+51.8K)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsOnReddit/comments/qpgrje/im_back_with_a_few_water_bears/)

3 - Finally divorced!!... [(+46.9K)](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/qp7oqu/finally_divorced/)

[**View More**](https://www.upvotestats.com/trends)

This post ranks #37 out of the top 865 with +12.1K reddit coins from +91 awards.
yyyeerrraarrsessarseandimthgrassmannpunkyeeyahhavin
Bat outa hell
I knew Valorent would die to explain when overwatch copied TF2 but futuristic the failed Valorent copied CSGO and made it futuristic… see a patern
WHO THE FUCK?

You know by this point I can understand. People are getting desperate.
Incoming TF2 Patch notes:
- updated localization files for the dude holding the sign
- Removed Casual matchmaking.
that guy was holding facts in his hands
Imagine if someone does that in the superbowl.
He is a legend some might say a... madlad

(edit: holy shit you guys blew this up, thanks a lot!)
People should do this more often
I've been away from tf2 for a few years. Do people cheat? Does the steam anti cheat system not work well?
some valve employee is going insane as he’s just trying to watch some wrestling
Team Fortress Squared
They can't ignore is forever
we gotta get shit poppin
There is no way
Add Wardlow to Tf2
https://kotaku.com/wrestling-fans-are-waging-a-silent-rpg-war-on-live-tv-1847257412
It's a meme at these shows to post signs about nostalgic games
-Added 10th class, Administrator
set up signs outsde valve hq like those guys did 10 years ago for half life 3
Granted. Team Fortress 1 is going to get updated now
This is almost like the sabaton bot. Through the gates of hell is where we will be going through soon if this doesn't get answered
Legend
Ima give that guy a high five
https://www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/sdmaud/tf2_sign_on_aew_dynamite_tonight/
it could be you it could be me
The hero we don't deserve.
You know that some people remember the OC image from 2 days ago, right?

Mirroring it doesn’t help
Can't blame him
TF2 is the GOAT
#AYO LETS GOOOOO
Cody Rhodes is sapping my Sammy Guevara’s TNT Championship reign.
Play MvM , kindof ironic but have to play with bots to avoid bots. Than get harassed by tacobots
An update to Team Fortress 2 has been released. The update will be applied automatically when you restart Team Fortress 2. The major changes include:  


\>added sex  


\> updated localisation files
I nominate this man to be the voice of the tf,2 community who else
Is this SmackDown?
Real
Actually thats a pretty damn good idea
If I ever go to College Gameday again I want this to be my sign
Reminds me of Dan Ryckert asking for a Waluigi amiibo this way  in like 2015 lmao
The only reason to watch pro wrestling
What an absolute king
Am putting this one in my 1800 image screenshot folder
A hero for sure
this guy is a legend
valve: "I cant see the 'T' or the 'R' so idk what they're talking about"
Just doing his part, and you?
The best way to get Valve's attention is to spam a different company's social media. That's what happened with Diretide.
It would be nice to have an update for Team Fortress squared but i think team fortress 2 needs it more
i want an update to dota underlords. i've always preferred it over TFT, but i'm afraid that the lack of effort to that game has made it obsolete
This man joins the ranks of the kid recording on a chromebook the man just asking for money so he could get a beer and the guy who held up a sign saying "I don't wanna be here"
The hand even looks like a 2, this is how you know they're dedicated
This is fucking hilarious.
Oh man y’all would love the signs the AEW fans have been bringing to shows. 

To my recollection, it’s been mostly fans trash talking RPGs, but this one is so goddamn good.
What a chad
Tf2 gonna get mentioned on botchamania
They didn't mention which Team Fortress, they update Team Fortress Classic instead.
Next week be like : a man break into whitehouse to ask president for team fortress update.
No, no. He’s got a point.
The lengths we go to...
I wouldn't be surprise if someone go as far as to become a president just to amend a law on Valve to update the game.
Shit they know that valve watches this shit XD
THE DEMOMAN IS ALL ELITE
Get this man a update.
If I win the lottery and they ask what I’d do with the money… 1000% buy tf2 just to fix it
[DoomSquirrel](https://youtu.be/7QRnxC7RkLQ)
What a chad, Doing gods work!
A man of focus commitment and sheer fucking will
I thought theres a 2 at the end but it's just the legend's hand
That’s actually kinda cool 😂
He could be anyone one of us. He could be you! He could be Me! He could even be—
Thoughts on making this a common thing at sporting events now?
I showed this to my friend, and even showed him a clip of the sign being shown, and he still think it's  fake. Help.
You can’t escape us
One of the top posts on r/tf2
Wardon:He really did it…
wait a min wasnt this posted yesterday too ?, i remember wardlow in that same position too
Blursed
AGREED
Can I get some context?
Now we need someone to do the same in the super bowl
ConnorEatsPants moment
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA I HAVE IDEAS NOW
When you want to relax and get exposure for your cause.
That's a slap on the knee
Saw this on the front page and I'm a big AEW fan. 

This is part of a, I guess it's considered a meme, but fans have been in droves putting their hot takes on signs at AEW shows. (I assume they're doing the same at WWE shows) This is on a long list of signs that say things like "x-game > y-game" or "z-game needs a remaster."
It’s worth a shot
Seems like the typical AEW crowd, dunno what you mean
bro POST THIS GUY ON 4/madlads
Legend.
Stopped playing TF2 once overwatch came out. I was into it. I played a lot of on tf2center and followed the comp scene. Is the game dead now? How’s tf2 life?
Whoever they are I like them.

I'm  heavy main. Was sad when we lost to pyro but still we got a banana AND we were in line for the next update, right? RIGHT?

I no longer believe. Somewhere over the years my faith has evaporated.
FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
The AEW jrpg wars are expanding.
Hey that's me on the right side of screen (between the top and middle rope), wearing the Seattle Mariners hat. 
We had a few people around us with video game signs and one across the ring saying Persona 5 was better than Chrono Trigger.
WAAAAARRRRRRDLOWWWWWWW
I used to be addicted, had 2500 hours into competitive, I dipped out in 2013, and didn't fire it back up until summer 2021, I honestly couldn't believe it. I tried for about an hour and a half to try and find a casual match without bots, every single game I joined I was insta-killed by sniper bots and you couldn't votekick them, because as soon as the option was presented, a fraction of a second later it would be declined by the bots. I haven't fired it up since. I couldn't believe it.
THIS GUY GETS IT!
WHO IS'T IS THIS MAD LAD ? I SHAN'T SLEEP UNTIL I KNOWETH HIS NAMETH, TIS A FUCKIN CHAD
Someone get this man a hat. An UNUSUAL HAT!!!
There's been a trend in the past few years of wrestling fans holding signs that have nothing to do with wrestling.
LMAOOOOOOOOO
Doin gods work out there in the streets.
Can we make this a new campaign?
They have to update the game after this
Let it go. Valve has.
It was the ones who stole the valve or somthin, i don’t know, I lost track of this shit
Best board I’ve seen this year
We are everywhere you can't escape
Wish granted 

*TF1 gets updated for some reason*
Pootis spencer here!
There are way too many adults in that picture
BOTCHAMANIA!
I feel old... I used to play this game religiously, have logged over 1500 hours in this game. I can't believe it's still going.
Not sure if u/maffewgregg saw this or not
it spreads
I only just realized that there was an opportunity to put a sign up during the White House riot.

That would've been hilarious.
Heavy is all elite
Real
ABSOLUTE CHAD
I’m just here to point out the Mystic Rick shirt
AMEN
Ha. I'm in this picture. I was at this show last night. I'm to the upper left of the sign.
It WAs Meh - I Did it LiKE This
I mean, They’re not wrong I guess…
please let this be real
Pretty sure we’re gonna wait 9 years for tf3
No no, he's got a point
YES
We won’t continue this show until you UPDATE TEAM FORTRESS!
He made his point loud and clear
Whoever did this. The world hears you. And we agree
Always fun when video game subreddits learn about the AEW nerd sign trends!
Fun fact, this wrestling show in particular has developed a reputation for fans showing signs with their video game hot takes. Check out the Botchamania series on YouTube, they’ve gotten their own segments on the videos lately!
Does Valve even make games anymore? Honestly I would be happy with 4k Orange Box on PS5/Xbox4.
Lmao! Nice post!
holy fucking shit
TO THE FUCKIN MOON LADS GET THE WORD OUT
We must spread to other mediums for the answer, I'm already writing my email to the McDonalds corporation to update tf2.
A god damn legend
TEAM FORTRESS²
Lol
Tf2 reddit on it's way to embarass the entire community
That’s so awesome
The next subscribe to PewDiePie?
I swear every fandom I'm in has this. Always some guy in a random wrestling match with a sign referencing them.
probably Gaben
lmao, didn't laugh this hard in a while
is team fortress even being worked on?
The sign was also on AEW Rampage Friday night.
He’s pulling his cock out!!
What the fuck? How the fuck? Where da fuck?
Perfection
I'm a new player, heavy's minigun seems inaccurate at first, but then goes on full aimbot mode. So yeah.
TF2 or TF3 whichever needs to have some better anti-spy items OR eliminate the class altogeather. the fact that a backstab can kill a 450 health heavy in one shot is ridiculous.

Another poster mentioned female models, i agree

Some MAJOR updates for anti-bot tech
You know someone at valve is watching that like "damnit even my favorite sport is telling me to work!"
Priorities.
Priorities.
lol
Hi
mostly curios if valve forgot about tf2 since it has been a while since they updated the game
They know gabe could be watching
UPDATE TF2 NOW
Welcome to the All Elite Sign War, gentlemen.
Yes
Wow props to them dude holy shit that's funny
Who doesn’t go to a wrestling match just to promote tf2
A hero!
Thats gotta be jerma
a man of culture
When valve invests one penny to something
Based.
based giga chad🗿🍷
Damn mans still stuck in tf1
If tf2 was made by Bethesda

*You are now enemies with the Engineer Legion*
[Source](https://twitter.com/VERTX2000/status/1329432923444027399?s=19)
That hitsound is very much appreciated
Forgot the part where engineer head turns around 360 and the sentry is nowere to be seen.
That Jerma sound effect when the heavy punches the sentry lmao
you forgot the part where your leg fall off even tho he shot your chest
This is perfect
Not pictured: interact and attack are the same button
This captures the janky animations so well.
**The Big Book of Bethesda tropes:**

-All books, notes and other written stories end with a "surprise" twist where the main character dies, or the story seems heavily influenced by H.P. Lovecraft

-All major characters that are no longer plot essential or are returning characters from previous games will die, again because someone has a boner for H. P. Lovecraft and obviously nothing is more metal than everyone dying a brutal death and obviously this won't get painfully predictable or boring at all!

-Something major from the last game in the series has been retconned.

-At least one quest or faction contains more plot holes than plot and seems packed to the brim with fridge logic

-Todd Howard will lie about it's features

-The glitches are charming and hilarious despite being relentless

-The main villain kicks puppies in his free time because Bethesda doesn't know how to make villains that aren't moustache twirling psychopaths that tie women to railroad tracks "because reasons."

-A plot hole from the previous game is acknowledged and explained with "a wizard did it."

-Regardless of the actual size of the voice cast, somehow 90% of the NPCs and 90% of the recorded lines are done by the same guy

-For some god damned reason, the most beloved voice actor from the previous game (raspy Dark Elf voice for Morrowind, Wes Johnson for Oblivion, Three Dog from FO3) is just completely gone or has been given an extremely minor role

-Balance doesn't exist and one weapon/armor type is clearly the best

-What's that? You're experienced now and the Mudcrab with 50 health that does 6 damage is no longer a threat? Ok well now you'll face *Veteran* Mudcrab, who has 50,000 health and does 6 damage.

-At least ONE game sequence where you have to do a "puzzle" where you put the square-shaped block in the square-shaped hole, upon which doing so, any nearby NPCs will start blowing you and saying you're greater than Jesus Christ

-"We've removed that major game mechanic that was a cornerstone of the last game's design, because reasons."

-This time it's built on an entirely new engine that's completely different from our other engine and definitely not the same one we've been using since 2000. It's called the uhhh...Gamebryation Engine.

-DLC where you can get a pet dog for 15$

-Still gets called Game of The Year somehow

**EDIT:**

-Somehow the game has given the impression it has multiple large city hubs. In reality, it has one and the others are all disappointing

-Some convenient plot excuse leads to the destruction of the other major settlement that, lore-wise, would've been really fun and interesting to visit
I  like the little walking glitch that OP made, nice detail, and accuracy.
seems inaccurate, you can actually read your dialogue choices
You died to a lvl 3 engi lol noob
Funny how NPC pathing being beaten by chairs has become a staple of Bethesda parody type videos
team fortress: new Vegas was so much better
It looks way to polished, no one clipped to the floor, the game didn't crash. But good stuff.
engineer is hacking he has fire friendly on
I didn't hear the Jerma "oooooooooooh" until the third playback. Nice touch.
Where’s all the glitches tho
Sorry, more than 4 dialogue options!? This isn't Bathesda.
Fake. The heavy's corpse didn't spiral out of control, and fly into the nearest building
THE HEAVY IS DEAD!
Incredible
This is fucking great
You forgot the part where you start a dialogue with a random person to freeze time and the mini nuke that was aiming for you stops and stays in the air.
you mean obsidian
The absolutely horrific FOV is what really sells it for me.
Next should be if fallout was made by valve
It even has the shitty correction for the zoom in that went too far, I love it
My god, i know this is done in SFM, but it looks like the real deal.

Whoever created that, he did an amazing job at emulating the animations of the Fallout games.
Link to original?
Tf2 mobile version
Currently in the middle of my first run of Skyrim ever and this is awesome lol.
The guy who made this is gonna regret not putting a watermark on it
I love the little touch the animator did of it zooming in too much and snapping to a fixed location
It would be cool if Valve made still made TF2.
\*Obsidian. Bethesda didn't develop Fallout New Vegas, which the music is sourced from
This is closer to Obsidian though; Toddthesda is literal shit.
Engineer gaming
I love fallout and tf2
I didn't even notice the detail at first that it shows prompt to sit in the chair for a split second when heavy turns to engi. 0:20
This couldn't have been made by Bethesda, the lip syncing is too good
pootrim
I like how the pistol behaves like the original TF2 pistol.

I do miss it sometimes...
It even has the 70 FOV
I think you need a bit more motion blur
lol this is amazing
*obsidian
I think I’d actually enjoy a TF2 based open world RPG. They could flesh out the characters and give life to the world we only got glimpses of during killing matches. Or I’d just mod the hell out of it and 1v1 Thomas the Tank Engine.
Looks like heavy did not use his skill points
Still one of my favorite tropes of Bethesda games are how an NPC goes from zero to homicidal if you touch their stuff
It’s scary how accurate that is. Just make the graphics muddier and more overall brown and there you go.
I would play the fuck out of this
Patrolling the Badlands almost makes you wish for a new update
*You have earned infamy from the Engineer's Guild*
## T H E H E A V Y I S D E A D
FallFortess 2
Pure genius, but did you forget about the pip boy 3000 for engineer?
This is the best thing on this subreddit
The new vegas music made me happy, thank you
I hate how accurate it
Ironically if tf2 was made by any other company than valve it probably wouldn't be a around today
Russian screaming
Heavy punches sentry THEN FUCKING DIES
u/savethisvideo
The physical representation of perfection
Dear God this looks terrible, but it captures the Bethesda tropes so well

*(Edit: I should re-word that to say the video looks like it would make a terrible game, not that OP's animation in itself is bad. He's done a good job with this - it's just that the theoretical Bethesda TF2 game doesn't look like one I would want to play)*
No, you're workin it all spycrabbed.

Bethesda's signature move is that the head turns to the character, the body (with the head) turns to the character, and then the head adjusts to turn to the character again. [Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ximxe4XtU)
Fallout, yes?
Pog
Seems about right
u/savevideo
As a fallout and skyrim player i can fully agree
If you get a new replacement part.
This is gold
Nah
Not enough glitches
fake news, a real bethesda game should have crashed halfway through
Red Engineers rule. We're the Red Engineers .. AND WE RULE!
*you take a sip from your trust mad milk
This made my day
8/10 not enough game-breaking bugs
Top 10 anime deaths
Never fuck with engie and his cute lil gun
Vote kick engineer
this reminds me of most Soul's game npc interaction where I accidentally agro them.
This is fucking art.
Bethesda? Really?
I like how at the end he becomes chewy from Star wars
I’d play it
Where's the micro-stutter?
You forgot the microtansactions
The Engineers of steel
Positive: We would get an end to the comic story that the comunity has waited for quiteva long time. Plus we could mod the game quite a lot

Negative: The game would be a huge amount of bugs and unstability (that the comunity would probably patch). And we might not have the comunity market the game actually has.
This is perfect. These games do look like shit even for their time.
Why tho
The Heavy is dead?
What's the original?
Heavy talks like when you play with 1 point in intelligence lmao
u/savethisvideo
Surprisingly on point.
U/savethisvideo
Is this just a modded skyrim?
u/vredditdownloader
Thanks
Team fallout 2
0/10 not enough ragdoll launch
0/10 not enough big titty mods
Its scary how accurate it is
Eewww
Holy balls this is good
If tf2 was made by bethesda, the conversation would be if tf2 was made by valve
Not enough bugs
The hoovies are the synths and the tryhards are the BOS,
Jerma "ooooooooooh" hitsound from one of STAR_'s videos. Nice. I thought that might've just been the mini-sentry "revving" but no that's definitely Jerma.
Needs more falling through the floor.
Holy FUCK THIS IS ACTUALLY AMAZING. WELL DONE
#ENGINEER GAMING
“You never should have come here”
u/redditdownloader
Do if id software made tf2
u/uwuwizard
*ain’t that a kick in the head?*
[deleted]
Alot of videos trying to emulate how a game is actually played never quite capture it well. you, sir, managed to do it very well.
u/savevideo
Maybe we’d actually get updates
because you’re fat boi
Spy is your friend now
Funny, I'm playing skyrim and looking through reddit while I wait for the dialouge to end
I just have to say it...

*If tf2 was made by Obsidian*
This is gold
when the heavy died my reddit crashed
He does have spurs that jingle jangle jingle
... isnt NV made by obsydian?
New Vegas was liscenced by Bethesda but made by Obsidian
u/SaveThisVideo
Team Fallouts 76
Unironically, this is one of the best things I've ever seen
u/vreddit_bot
I would play the shit out of this game. I NEEEEEED this fallout mod NOW
This man got to 6th place on best od all time in two days i admire him.
(Unrelated to post) what do i do with 1 ref
Gurgle lol
Yeah i was there, it wasnt pretty
wow the eight most upvoted post on the sub in seven days. Crazy
Engiineer gaming nooooo! Now we can no longer get a hoovy update
this is gold whoever made it
Reminds me of Fallout 4
I've fought spycrabs more fierce than you!
This is so good
wait, that's illegal, their both on red team.
Sentry guns in TF2>Sentry Guns in Fallout
This is well made but also cursed
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
Heavy is dead!
this is very awesome good stuff
He’s the engineer
You have lost karma!
So Funny!
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
u/savevideo
This is just too accurate.
fall fortress 2
Id play that
music?
Lol
u/save_video
u/savevideo
I’m glad it wasn’t made by Bethesda
As an engineer main I approve of this message
God Speed

He already could Rocket Jump to the heavens, he’s seen them and their beauty. Now, he finally get to call those heavens home.

RIP Mr. May
EVERY ONE OF YOU DESERVES A MEDAL!

#SCREAMIN’ EAGLESSSSSSS
 The body may be dead, but his memory lays manifested in the form of red or blue pixels wearing a metal helmet with a shovel and grenades in hand. His body may die, but his voice will soldier on, as long as we choose to keep this community alive. He did everything for us, and earned the right to a peaceful rest. Godspeed you magnificent bastard, we’ll be right behind you... one day soon.
I’m still unable to process he fact that he’s dead. It just seems like he shouldn’t be. SOLDIER CANT DIE ;-;
Of all the deaths caused by Corona, this hit me the hardest. IF there will ever be an update that would add new Soldier lines then we no longer have Rick May for it and I can't think of anyone else able to voice act Soldier just like he did.

Fuck this year
Fuck this year man
Artist -  [https://twitter.com/kiku070](https://twitter.com/kiku070)   u/kiku070
I hope someday Valve gives Soldier a happy ending in the comics. Probably ending up Heavy's brother-in-law.
(Inarticulate screaming)
Godspeed you magnificent bastard
I'm not crying you're crying
A TRUE ROCKETMAN
*rocket jump waltz intensifies*
No matter what class, no matter if you don’t like to play with against or as soldier, we lost a hero and if you don’t at least feel a bit of remorse than you are loud and ugly and now you’re DEAD! Amen.
I may suck at rocket jumping, but that doesn't mean I don't like soldier. I love him for his personality and humour, and the line "You did good son real good, maybe even the best" is my absolute favourite line from him.

Rest easy soldier, I salute you.
Medic i'm serious revive solder.
Rest in Peace, Rick May! Soldier will keep rocket jumping and pierce the heavens! Man, 2020 is a crappy year...

Soldier cannot be replaced and is irreplaceable, may he always be remembered.
*SCREAMING EAGLES*
I hope you're rocket-jumping in a better place, Rick.

Keep teleporting bread too.
WAR IS HELL, FREEDOM ISNT FREE, I AM IN A TANK ON MY WAY TO HEAVEN!
This is just amazing. It’s so great to see so many of my fellow gamer and non-gamer fans alike come together, not as internet strangers, but as friends, to commemorate and respect someone we all cared for dearly. RIP Rick May. Though Rick has left us, Soldier will live on forever, as will the rest of his voiced characters, to remind us of the good times, memories, and laughs that Rick gave to us all. Godspeed, you magnificent bastard. You didn’t have permission to die.
He went up to meet the SCREAMING EAGLE flyin in the sky.
Things right now is happening fast and wasnt expecting his death :/
Can we just think for a sec of how Rick May actually shaped Soldiers personality?

Also give the man who drew this a award
Now I need eagle wings cosmetic for soldier
2020 has officially taken it too far
God speed you magnificent bastard 💧, god speed.
"You were good son, real good; maybe even the best." Rest in peace Rick May.
*market gardens an angel*
I’m not a soldier main, but for him I will be today.
Men, a 21 gun salute is required.
hi, the artist here. i made a reddit account just to thank those who commented such nice things about my work. i am really glad you all liked this and i hope we can all get through this tough time together. this comic meant a lot to me since tf2 has changed my life in countless ways. i love and appreciate all of u, stay safe everyone <3
you were good son, real good, maybe even the best...
"Forward!"

\- Rick May
He's rocket jumping through heaven, and market gardening demons and nazi's down in hell.

And he'll be waiting for us when we finally get there too. His only response: "attention! We have a new mission men!"
He’s doing barrel rolls in heaven now
I said it on YouTube and I'll say it here the soldiers requim should be changed from scout to Rick may to honor him with the character he helped make
what happened???
You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best!
The Rocketjumper (lvl5)
You were good son, real good. Maybe even the best
[deleted]
This year is so fucked up
How are they gonna make new soldier voicelines now?
Soldier : this is my Earth 
God : it sure is pal
This is terrible. I wish they didn’t die.
you were good son, real good. maybe even the best
See you....Space Rocketman....
Rest In Piece Rick May...Hope to see you soon
"That's speed you magnificent bastard" Jane doe.
Rest in peace you beautiful bastard.

I wonder who will take up the mantle, they've used Nolan back in Expiration Date but I dunno...
YOU DESERVE A MEDAL,RICK MAY! 🏅
He’s now teleporting bread in the afterlife. Godspeed, Soldier!
Soldier was right. They ARE going to live forever, because someone will always remember them and the men behind their voices. Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
Wearing the cheaters lament I’m assuming
Only a fool would use wing to fly

Rocket Jump your way to the heavens Rick May. We will miss you 🚀🇺🇸🍯🦝
Press E to medic
How is this found content? Also Rest In Peace Son.
Im never gonna hear his voice the same way again
GODBLESS MOTHER OF JOSEPH! MAY YOU REST
Remember Rick, if you use the beggars bazooka you can airjump and get higher than God himself
Can I have the bucket?
He has recieved permission to die :(
I bet soldier would actually prefer being in hell.
stop it i'm gonna cry
I say he knows a little more about fighting than you do pal, because he invented it!
Speed it up, mate!
Godspeed you magnificent bastard
You did good son, you did real good, maybe even the best
Next he will do a barrel roll (Rick May also voiced Peppy Hare in Star Fox 64)
r/wholesome
You were good son, real good
Oh my God, who touched Harambe?
Rest in peace :(
RIP Rick.
Thank God for being able to weather this.
We will miss him
May he rest in peace. We will all miss him.
Speed has everything to do with Tayla Parx?
*Godspeed
R.I.P Rick May
A AAAAAA
So long, you magnificent screamer.
:(
o7
He was too good for this world, this magnificent bastard
He does not have permission to die !
Solute \*tear runs down my face\*
Damn. Now I wanna play TF2 again. Been ages.
Im not crying youre crying
I’m so scared for heavy’s voice actor now
Thats the real soldier I know.
God speed you magnificent bastard..
God dam

Take my upvote you savage.
GODSPEED YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD
Covid-19 is temporary but Rick is eternal
Who needs stairs to heaven?


**WE HAVE ROCKETS!**
Godspeed you magnificent bastard
God forbid they have to pay.”
Godspeed rick may,godspeed
God speed my man
I'm actually crying right now
Honestly, as someone who prioritizes movement in games, after learning to rocket jump, I’ve never played any other class
I miss the year where we were worried about killer Clowns
Medic wasn't fast enough... F
“I DID NOT GIVE YOU PERMISSION TO DIE”
He's market gardening angels now
Just adding in, bless this man
rocket jumping with the greats
Now Kitty will get the Soldier himself to record custom dialogue ;_;
Godspeed, you magnificent bastard.
This reminds me of fly high sky king u know richard
godspeedyoumagnificentbastard.mp4
Bruh, why did you steal this from Twitter? https://twitter.com/kiku070/status/1249871032724246529?s=19
I wonder what Valve thinks about this...
He's happily living up there with Kitty0706. Rest In Peace, Soldier.
“Nooo! You brave bastard!”

-Lazypurple
I hope he is market gardening angles in heaven
Now men, we all have a mission to eradicate the sick bastered that killed a fellow soldier.
He’s out there rocket jumping in heaven with Jesus
He’s out there rocket jumping with Jesus in heaven
Il miss him
Our boi can rocket fly smh (rip rick may ;-;)
But we can all hear text in our head??
God speed soldier, god speed
You're right man who needs stupid wings to fly?
Poot
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
I know I’m really late, but this is a super sweet comic whilst also being funny. Many props to you!
Beautiful just beautiful
Rick May = Bad
Fly high, real rocket man
Something really wants the TF2 community dead..
