TIL During an interview with Stephen Hawking, the camera operator yanked a cable causing an alarm and Hawking to slump forward. Worried they had killed him, everyone rushed over to find Hawking giggling at his own joke. The alarm was from an office computer losing power.

I swear, ALS robs you of a lot, but never your sense of humor. My aunt used to call her ALS-related tremors “the ALS shimmies” and she would start dancing with it.
If it counts for anything, I got to meet him at a dinner party once in the 90s, and the first thing he said to me was to apologize for his American accent. That guy had an amazing sense of humor.
>*Following Hawking's death in March 2018, BBC science correspondent Pallab Ghosh shared an anecdote of his first interview with the physics luminary at Cambridge University in 2004.*

>*Seeking to adjust his lighting, the camera operator yanked a cable from a socket, at which point an alarm sounded and Hawking slumped forward as if unplugged from his life support. The anxious visitors rushed over to find Hawking very much alive and giddy at his joke – the alarm was simply over the office computer losing its power supply.*

I can imagine for a moment, that camera man saw his life flash before his eyes.
If you can't find a reason to laugh about what life has handed to you, it is hard to be happy.
Steven Hawking was notorious for his sense of humor and pranks. The guy thought it was funny to drive his wheelchair at high speed and run over the toes of people at the university he worked for.

part of me wonders if there is an alternate reality out there where he lived a normal life without sickness and became a quick witted comedian.
I mean you can't be one of the smartest people in the world without being able to think on your feet
His interview with John Oliver was hilarious.

“You once stated that there could be an infinite number of parallel universes, so theoretically there could be a universe where I’m smarter than you.”

“Yes. And also a universe where you’re funny.” 

Edit: Because people keep asking for the link, [here's the video] (https://youtu.be/T8y5EXFMD4s).
Stephen Hawking on contact with alien life:
>”If aliens visit us, the outcome would be much as when Columbus landed in America, which didn’t turn out well for the Native Americans.     
We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn’t want to meet.”
I love this....  Hawking offered a compelling argument against the notion of destiny: "I have noticed that even people who claim everything is predetermined and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road."
If you can openly and so grandly make fun of your own death then you can do anything
Wouldve been legendary if he also did the windows log off sound

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqQk-XuyvRw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqQk-XuyvRw)
Couldn't we wirelessly charge Stephan Hawking? A dude so smart you think he woulda figured it out smh.
Did his speaker just say:

`Ha Ha Ha. Ha Ha Ha. I am laughing`
He could barely move his eyelids and cheek near the end of his life, but when he really laughed at something it actually showed on his face. The laughter, even though brief, brought back some control of the muscles. Laughter is very strong indeed, it seems.
The same man that would absolutely deny the rumor that he ran over the toes of people he didn't like. He would then go on to say that if you dared repeat that rumor he'd run you over.
How has noone mentioned the rumour that he would intentionally run over the feet of people he didn't like.
When asked about it he said that is was... "A malicious rumour, I'll run over anyone who repeats it."
There’s a universe where that crew guy DID kill Hawking
ha. ha. ha. ha. ha. ha.
Imagine being Stephen Hawking and getting the chance to do some good ol physical comedy. Brings a tear to me eye.
Holy fucking shit can you imagine the awkward laughter after they realized he ain't dead
This dude was so smart, even his pranks involve like three phases. Lol
I once saw someone in ESO with the name Walking Talking Stephen Hawking and almost spit my drink on my monitor. Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
Classic
That cheeky bastard
That’s so cool. I’ve gotten a brief crick in a joint and bemoaned my situation. It’s so cool that he can do that.
He was a jokester and he came up with his own dialogue for parts that he was on in the world of TV.
Pallab(Cameraman):
I shouldn't have done that...
"Alarm ringing"
I SHOULD NOT HAVE DONE THAT....
"Sees Steve giggling"
Well listen here you little shit....
Hawking was savage AF lmfao
In a interview once I don’t remember who but it was a comedian.He asked Hawking if there is a alternative world where he was smarter than Hawking and he replied yes,also one where you are a funny.
ALS may rob you of your mobility, but it doesn't rob you of who you are. My Grandma, who had ALS, made my mom cry the last time we visited her before she passed. Gosh, now I'm going to cry trying to recount it. 

We were heading out after our visit when my Grandma alerted my Grandpa that she had something to say. Grandpa pulled out the see through spelling sheet and Grandma stared at the letters slowly spelling out "H-A-T  B-E-H-I-N-D  C-O-U-C-H". My youngest sister had taken her hat off near the beginning of the visit and we were about to forget it on our way out.

My mom sobbed on the way to the van. Grandma may not have been able to move or speak, but she was still the same Grandma who used to bustle around the house taking care of everything and everyone.

I miss my Grandma. Now I want an icecream sandwich.
"HA. HA. HA. HA."
my love for this man just increased by 200%
He loved partying too, when he was younger and more mobile.
I mean Stephen Hawking, while an insurmountable genius, also had a really well documented sense of humor. I mean in a situation like his you probably develop that pretty quick.
This dude is one of my all time heroes. Absolute legend.
So is there really no footage of the prank?
“Neener-neener” - Stephen Hawking
The one thing as good as Hawking's mind, was his ability to find so much humour even at his own expense. It's wonderful.
I'm high af, and haven't stopped laughing at this for 5 min.... what a legend!
One thing I always loved about Hawking was his sense of humor.  He was such a funny guy.  

He also was very respectful of the fact that the average person would fail to understand a lot of the co tent of his papers... and so he would, in a very polite way, explain it in the simplest of terms, being careful not to make anyone feel inferior or stupid. 

He truly was one of our best humans.
Fun fact- he was one of the people who turned up on the flight logs of Jeff Epstein’s flights to his Lolita island
Guys dont froget he made a dick joke with popup blockers
I find that most people I've met with disabilities are the first ones to crack jokes about it. My deaf ASL teacher in college was like that. She had a pile of anecdotes about her own deafness that she loved to share with her students.
Note that since Hawking was not able to support his own weight, he would not have slumped forward if he had actually died. I'm actually curious about how he was able to do this. I guess maybe his wheelchair had a function that caused the chair to tip forwards.
Camerman quoted as screaming "PLUG HIM BACK IN PLUG HIM BACK IN"
It made me giggle.
Cheeky bastard!
He was a notorious troll and loved roasting people
Stephen Hawking once told me I was the smartest man he had ever met. Then he told me Soul Plane was the best movie he's ever seen.

Stephen Hawking was a dick.
I hope to learn how to be as grateful as Stephen Hawking. Although he was given the gift of being a genius, he was also given one of the hardest obstacles of life and yet he didn’t just live in sorrow, he continued being the same person and living with happiness and accepted his position in life. It is really admirable and I really hope I can teach myself that no matter what happens, I’ll always be the same person and have a role in the world.
So what did he say when they got to him? 

Would it have been something like " HA HA HA YOU'VE BEEN HAD" in tts?

This dude has been trolling us for years....
Gosh he was such a treaure!
(LAUGHS IN ROBOTIC TONE)  "HA. HA. HA. HA."
This is exactly on-brand Hawking and, while I did not know this, I am not *remotely* surprised. This guy regularly sat in on the Simpsons writing room and exchanged barbs with comedians for fun.

Plus, when it comes to comedy in general, disability is a *potent* superpower. It combines all the diplomatic immunity of old age with the classic minority move of pulling the rug out from under your audience whenever you damn well please. All you need then is a sharp mind and, well, y'know... **He's Stephen Hawking**.
In Star Trek the Next Generation there was a scene where Data was playing poker with various great minds on the holodeck. Hawking was one of them and he played himself for the role. In the scene Hawking won the hand being played. Afterwards Hawking would occasionally run into Brent Spiner and tell him that he is still waiting on his money for winning that hand.
He always had a great (yet morbid) sense of humor.. even was on the simpsons..
Hawking was so fucking cool. He adored being featured on Futurama numerous times. He was apparently a well-known prankster on Cambridge. 

OK, leaving his 1st wife wasn't that cool. But still...
I remember when I was learning to drive (stick) I had stopped at the lights and rather than put the gear in neutral I had simply held the clutch down. I saw professor hawking crossing the road and excitedly pointed out to my instructor “holy shit thats Ste-“ and took my foot off the clutch. 

Luckily the handbrake was applied, otherwise I might well have run over him.
I would have a panic attack and try to move to Istanbul.
I’m a suger mummy looking for a sugar baby dm me on snap.... Kimberly_ab4725
Stephen Hawking was [crazy as fuck!](https://youtu.be/BPT83YG2R4E)
Is there a video of this happening?
Ya been hawked!
TIL Genghis Khan would marry off a daughter to the king of an allied nation. Then he would assign his new son in law to military duty in the Mongol wars, while his daughter took over the rule. Most sons in law died in combat, giving his daughters complete control of these nations

Man had no shortages of daughters, too.
Founders of big Japanese companies preferred having daughters because they could choose their son in law that will take over their company.
***EXPAND YOUR EMPIRE TO COVER 16% OF THE WORLD WITH THIS ONE SIMPLE HACK!***

Edit: Wow! My first sliver! Thanks, guys!
The man wasn't stupid.
Definition of a win-fucking win scenario

The son in law is an able commander, you get multiple victories and a good heir to the throne

Son in law is an idiot, you get his kingdom and the daughter can just be married off to the next target
[deleted]
[deleted]
Brutal, but clever, the man was a master of the long Khan.
You know who has more descendants than Genghis Khan?  >!Genghis Khan’s dad!<
Lol Kind of reminds me of that Roman lawyer, Varus, who married a powerful woman and thusly became a general, and led the 16, 17 and 18th Legions to their death East of the river Rhine in Germany around 6 A.D.

He had no business being in command of any army, let alone 3 legions. But they probably figured he couldn’t fuck it up. They didn’t count on the cunning of Arminius, or Arminius’s ability to succeed where all other had failed before him: in uniting the barbaric Germanic tribes together against a common enemy. 

[Awesome, awesome short dramatic documentary on the above happenings here.](https://youtu.be/93Wb9aa0-6Q)

Seriously can not recommend that video or that Youtube channel enough. Have watched three of their videos so far, the one on Hannibal is freaking awesome too.
This is my chosen crusader kings 3 playstyle.

Honestly the more I play, the less sense patriarchal inheritance makes tbh.
Genghis Khan been playing CK2
**Uriah has entered the chat*
now this guy knows how to play crusader kings
If he had the influence to just tell the allied king to join his army, it sounds like already had the power there.
Now that's Genghsta
Anytime I see a mongol thread, I must mention Wrath of the Khans series.  
Dan Carlin’s Hardcore History podcast.  Wrath of the Khans.  

It’s so fucking good.
Damn that's fucking cold
r/CrusaderKings called, they want their TIL back
And that, people, is the kind of things you think of when you're Genghis Khan and your whole life is basically non-stop post-nut clarity.
Machiavellian before Machiavelli was a twinkle in his father's eye.  
"The Khan" instead of "The Prince".
This dude killed so many people, he lowered the temperature of the earth
Ancient problems required ancient solutions
"Congratulations on marrying my daughter, if you would please accept this humble gift of die"
Weird as hell seeing all these comments romanticizing Genghis.  His brutality and genocidal nature put Hitler and Stalin to shame when talking about Eastern and Central Asia.  He was by no means a good person, and he was by no means a honorable fighter.  I dare any of you guys to go to China or Korea or even Japan and say that Genghis Khan was a great ruler and tactician.


Edit: wanted to clarify that he definitely does have the right to be called a great tactician, I just meant to say that there's a lot of people who don't really agree he is someone worthy of reverence.  His actions united Mongolia for the better and established a long line of relative peace and stability, but the man himself was at best a power hungry general and at worst a genocidal emperor.
I wonder how long it will be before people talk about Hitler like we are talking about Genghis Khan.
I mean... if he can order the king of a nation to go fight and die on the front lines, I think he already has complete control.
How does a father in law hold more sway than a king?!
I get a little bit Geghis Khan,
I want you getting it on
With rulers of these countries
Those are the pros and Khan’s
Imagine thinking a guy who had fucking countless rape victims left in his wake was a feminist
So Genghis Khan was a political genius and a fearless warrior
That’s what’s known as a pro gamer move.
Don't hate the player, hate the game
How Kahnvenient.
He also totally wrecked sporting goods store in San Dimas with an aluminum bat when he time traveled to 1989.
Genghis Khan, the famous feminist, known for raping thousands of women and leaving them to raise his children. If thats the standard you want to raise for men to be feminists I'm not sure you're right in the head.
I’ve been learning a lot about Genghis Khan and shocked how vilified he is in the western world. He wasn’t worse or even the same as many of the conquerors we tend to idealize (i.e. Alexander). All of Genghis Khans wars were all retaliations. He never took the first step for war and didn’t even care for wealth or money. He utilized it only as a tool and used only what was necessary.
He was a smart motherfucker.
Dan Carlin’s hardcore history podcast on the Mongols is so fucking fantastic. I HIGHLY recommend it.
Khaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!
that's very smart
So he basically played real life Crusader Kings 3?
A Khanning strategist, indeed.
TIL the FBI has struggled to hire hackers because of the FBI hiring rule that the applicant must not have used marijuana during the last 3 years.

"Marijuana? MARIJUANA!?" throws hat
"I used to suck dick for coke"
So, I don't have to worry about any of my stoner buds being undercover.  What a relief, was getting paranoid.
FBI: “Do you smoke Marijuana?”

Hacker: “No, just cocaine”

FBI: “He’s clean”
They came to speak to the CS department at my college my freshman year. They begged everyone to stop smoking weed now so they could hire us when we graduated. And proceeded to say how many great CS people they had to let go for smoking.
We have had a few unofficial conversations at my work among middle management. 

They had talked about random testing and it was decided that was a really bad idea. We would lose 90% of the programmers and 75% of the field.
I know I guy who is about as straight edge as anyone you could meet. He wanted to join the RCMP. He worked toward this goal for years, volunteering at the police department, getting in shape, never doing anything remotely illegal.

When they did his security check they found out his sister had a record for dealing a little weed ( this was before legalization). They told him if he ever wanted to be a mountie he had to cut her out of his life. His sister.

So they lost an applicant who would have been one of the good ones.
As a federal employee, I constantly hear how the FBI has the most archaic standards. A lot of federal law enforcement agencies have become too insular.
Be a lot cooler if they did.
Also they make them put their real names on their name badges instead of their awesome hacker names like Zero Cool, Crash Override, and Acid Burn.
I was stationed at Fort Gordon for 3 years. I made friends with a lady that worked at "honey pot" down in the NSA dungeon. I had a TS clearance so she could at times give me some hints as to the problems they were encountering. Well, hiring was one of them. They wanted to conduct more "offensive" OPS and work on better tools to exploit zero-days they had discovered in popular apps being used overseas. I think their primary function was nation-state cyber shit. She told me that 70-90% of the people they wanted to hire could not qualify because they either smoked pot or had done it in the past few years. They also didn't like the antiquated and conservative dress codes, etc.

I told her the story of the Russian dude that was able to garner NSA secrets a few years prior. I can't remember his name today, but the dude was a 400-pound pound pot-smoking, energy drinking gamer. Smart as hell though. He could breach systems like no other without being detected and was able to take advantage of 3-4 zero-days whole teams at the NSA could not figure out. So Russia hired him. He was actually Ukrainian if I remember. I think this same guy did some damage to Israeli and Saudi intelligence and had others inside of Russia helping him. I told her these are the guys/gals they want. If you tell them they have to work 9-5, dress up and go into work, not smoke pot--you're are 100% fucked.  This puts us at a huge disadvantage.

I work in tech. And after I retired from the Army and started working for a large firm. My mind was blown how many smoked some pot on a Friday or over the weekend instead of drinking. It really changed my views on using it recreationally. Even the CEO smoked it and this motherfucker was worth almost a billion dollars at the time. And here my dad is telling me he's a "loser" for smoking pot. I'm like, "that motherfucker is worth almost a billion dollars and has smoked pot his whole life. And he's a "loser"??? You kidding me dad?"  It's people like my dad and old conservative views on the workforce that are slowly widdling away at any advantage we ever have. I know for a fact we are way behind in the cyber realm.
Free your mind and the hacks will follow
I got interviewed by the FBI because a high school friend was getting a job with them.  He can't tell us exactly what he does but his education is unimpressive (decent college, no honors) and when we jokingly asked him to look into the JFK assasination for us he said he has "the lowest level of access to classified info of anyone in the place".

We're not particularly close, we didn't invite each other to our weddings.  The FBI must have spent hundreds and hundreds of hours looking into this very, very straight laced dude who, by the looks of things, earns like $80k.

Edit: 80k is a very nice salary, but it means he’s probably pretty low level as fbi employees go.  I can’t imagine the clearance process for folks at the top of the bureau.
TIL I cannot work at the FBI until May 14th 2023
[deleted]
Most likely a security clearance issue. I've heard stories about GS-15's (the high end of the civilian federal service pay scale) losing their clearance for a shitload of unpaid parking fines because it shows a "flagrant disregard for the law". Marijuana is still federally illegal, so there's no grey area officially. I think a lot of managers have a "don't ask, don't tell" policy about this in legal states. Don't ask questions you don't want answers to.
Reminds me of something said by cybersecurity pioneer and insane person John McAfee. The FBI wanted apple to help them break into the iPhone of a terrorist who committed the attack in San Bernardio in 2015. Some news outlet asked McAfee why the FBI couldn't break into the phone themselves, and he said: “Why do the best hackers on the planet not work for the FBI? Because the FBI will not hire anyone with a 24-inch purple mohawk, 10-gauge ear piercings, and a tattooed face who demands to smoke weed while working and won't work for less than a half-million dollars a year"
Yeah, that's a very minor part of why they struggle. The majority of their problem is pay and the hard degree requirements. They just don't pay competitively and the FBI unlike other three letter agencies has hard degree requirements. Another issue is the mission. When I worked in the public sector I avoided the FBI after learning what the majority of the work was. Its Copyright enforcement and child porn, the latter is the only noble (imo) part but its not something I personally want to do because I know people who have done it and it was scarring on them.
the **vast** majority of tech savvy folks smoke pot, from my experience in the industry. Civilian tech jobs have all but ceased drug testing because of it. 

Source: am Java developer, am stoner
Most of the software people I know divide somewhat evenly between psychedelics and weed. With a little mixing in the middle.

Plus a sprinkling of cocaine and a near universal appreciation of Adderall.

But that's my personal take. YMMV.
That's ironic, seeing as how the government has the highest percentage of opioid abuse out of any other workforce demographic. That's just rich.
I can confidently say that we would lose at least 50% of my office up here in Seattle if they drug tested people for pot. It’s just not worth it. Who the fuck cares if employees get stoned and play video games in their off time? I can’t wait until boomers get themselves and their antiquated ideas the fuck out of the way.
I work in the background check industry, most large companies are backing away from the standard 5 panel drug screening and are using a 4 panel (minus marijuana).  For larger companies it is becoming harder and harder to keep up with marijuana legalization.
It's almost like the government believes their own lies about pot.
*"With marijuana legalized in eight states and the District of Columbia and medical marijuana legal in 30 states plus D.C., you'd think some of these arcane techniques would fall by the wayside, but no. And, it seems, especially not in the FBI. Nothing, not a puff for three years? Good luck, FBI, and good luck to us all."*
As a person who hired/fired many programmers/software people, I did not care if they used marijuana in their spare time. BUT this was a very professional atmosphere and there’s no way I’m hiring Jeff Spicoli who comes into the interview with a pot leaf t-shirt no matter how good he is at his job. Do what you want in your spare time, but don’t bring that culture into the office.
Still true to this day. The Boston department has been looking for people for the past 10 years (they send high up recruiters to large conferences too), yet they still want to turn me away (I cant help but approach them at every conference, its hilarious to string them along, just to make them send you away from some silly rule.

Its their loss. I have many friends with successful cybersecurity careers (in the private sector) who need marijuana to control other issues they may have (whether physical or mental). And the FBI doesn't give 2 flying fucks if you are on opioids...you can really tell how in touch (sarcasm) with society and technology the FBI are.
I hear that’s how they weed out the applicants.
>Apr 23, 2018

I remember this
Perhaps they should update their rules together with the CIA and NSA. Make a 'joint' effort so to speak.
I work for a consulting firm that writes software for a lot of fortune 1000 companies. Many have started excluding marijuana from their list of disqualifying substances. They still test for it because the tests are not customizable - they look for a set list of 5 or 9 or 11 substances. But if you test positive they don't disqualify you. 

It's not about them being ok with weed. It's about how few tech professionals they would be able to work with given the states where weed is legal. They'd lose CA, WA, IL, NY, and many more.

The federal government is fucking itself with the sticks up their asses, hobbling our technical capabilities as a country. Smoking weed is like coffee for many people in tech.
CIA recruitment is even stricter. I think you can’t have had more than 3 instances ever. Lots of Mormons at the CIA.
The real reason is that the GS scale is laughably low for this profession.
The reduced pay, long hours, being forced to wear a suit, and rigid hierarchy where some political guy with no technical skills is your boss probably got rid of the rest of the applicants.
When your prime newhire candidates are people who are demonstrably smarter than you and smoke weed without issue, it's a pretty big ass indicator that criminalization has always been a giant crock of shit.
Im sure they have a private contracting firm they can use to get around some of these rules.
lol reminds me that I was going to go to school for accounting and become an FBI agent but they required that you sign an affidavit that you have never smoked marijuana.  It was around the time of Enron.
[deleted]
This will get lost in the lot, but I still want to share it.



Friend: hey, I didn't tell you? I applied to the FBI.


Me: oh cool


Friend: Yeah, so they called me about a month ago and asked me if I had smoked marijuana recently and I said yes.


Me: Why didn't you just say no?


Friend: Nah, they'd catch me in the lie. Anyway so they told to stop smoking and call them in a year if I was still interested.


Me: ok, so you've got 11 months to go then.


Friend: No, still a year.


Me: Maybe the FBI is not for you.


Friend: Yeah, I'm really bummed though.


Me: Stop smoking then.


Friend: Nah, I'll just do something else.



She went into anthropology.
Happened to me, though not for a CS job but Special Agent. Went to Amsterdam, had a brownie, no longer eligible. I haven’t read through the other comments, but this policy feels very “throwing the baby out with the bath water”-ish.
I work in IT, and I can confirm I smoke a bunch of weed. Whenever I have to work on a programming project I smoke up, put on some music and go to it. It's a hell of a lot easier since I've been working from home for the past 2 months, it's a lot harder to smoke when I'm at work haha
What a ridiculous rule. A friend from law school framed his rejection letter from the RCMP (Canadian FBI) which stated his refusal to give up marijuana disqualified him. They didn't care that he smoked previously, but he had to agree to quit once hired.

I believe they have now reversed their policy because they found it disqualified to many candidates.

&#x200B;

Edit: u/after_burner corrected me.  RCMP policy is now no use unless it is 28 days before your next duty/shift. So it's essentially still prohibited for members to use
How would they know?

Would it be more accurate to say they require that applicants were *not caught* with marijuana during the last 3 years, or is that wrong? I’m assuming they drug test when hiring, but a urine test will only tell you if they’ve smoked in the last month or so, at most, in most cases.
They still make enough hackers "work" for the FBI through threats so I guess they don't really need to change that hiring rule.
Why don't they just create a back door then used a worm hole to breech the firewall? Then they could edit the data base.
Here is food for thought.

Many years ago I conducted an interview for the U.S. Navy, specifically the nuke program.  I knew of many people who had made it through the officer and warrant officer program.  When asked about pot, I was fully honest and it pretty much ended my chances of getting in.   

The kicker, every one of those other folks I knew had smoked as well.  So you know that the ranks are filled with people who believe lying to achieve your goal is OK.
Edit: Good thing I'm not a cop, pinned the wrong three letter agency.

Weird rule for coke dealers to have.
I bet hoover was wearing a dress and makeup when he came up with that rule.
Make stupid rules, win stupid prices.
TIL After Col. Shaw died in battle, Confederates buried him in a mass grave as an insult for leading black soldiers. Union troops tried to recover his body, but his father sent a letter saying "We would not have his body removed from where it lies surrounded by his brave and devoted soldiers."

Col. Shaw carried a famous sword when he led his men into his final battle and this was depicted in the film Glory (1989). Upon his death the extremely valuable sword was thought to have been stolen by a Confederate soldier and likely sold. However, it was discovered just last summer that one of his black soldiers was able to retrieve and return the sword to the Shaw family where it was placed in an attic for over 150 years.  The sword is now on display at the Massachusetts Historical Society.

[Story](http://www.wbur.org/hereandnow/2017/07/18/robert-gould-shaw-sword)
Gen Patton wished to be buried with his men. He was buried in a Luxembourg American cemetery with several thousand soldiers. His grave is plain and relatively undistinguished. Here is a photo of [Patton's headstone shortly after his burial](https://www.skylighters.org/potd/images/10032003lg.jpg). 

It has since been replaced with a stone headstone and moved a bit off to the side to accommodate all of the visitors.
Glory is a great movie about this.
[Give 'em hell, 54!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQjUHR8j7tg)
[deleted]
Man, that was a hard one to fit inside 300 characters.

For a more verbose account: Colonel Robert Gould Shaw was the commanding officer of the 54th Massachusetts, the first all-black regiment in US history. On July 18, 1863, the regiment was ordered to spearhead an assault on Fort Wagner. Shaw was killed during the initial charge as he led his men into battle.

While the assault was initially successful, Union forces were eventually pushed back and Confederate troops held on to the fort. Common practice at the time was for fallen officers to be given an honorable burial, regardless of the side they were on. However, as Shaw led the first all-black regiment, commanding Confederate General Johnson Hagood did not deem him worthy of that honor, stating

>Had he been in command of white troops, I should have given him an honorable burial; as it is, I shall bury him in the common trench with the niggers that fell with him.

Union troops tried to recover his body and give him a proper burial, but were unsuccessful. Hearing of this, Shaw's father sent a letter to the regimental surgeon, stating:

>We would not have his body removed from where it lies surrounded by his brave and devoted soldiers....We can imagine no holier place than that in which he lies, among his brave and devoted followers, nor wish for him better company. – what a body-guard he has!

And so, the act considered by General Hagood to be an insult, came to be seen as the greatest honor that could have been bestowed upon Shaw.

----

The story of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw and the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment is memorialized in the film "Glory", starring Matthew Broderick as Shaw.
The Confederates thought it was an insult for Col. Shaw to be buried with black soldiers. 

Shaw’s family were hardcore abolitionist; leaving Col. Shaw with his men was his parents way of honoring him and his soldiers. 

I am 30; Col. Shaw was 25 years old when he died. Leading a direct,suicidal assult on a Confederate Fort, which was never captured during the war. I cannot imagine leading a regiment into battle at that age. His papers are in a university somewhere in Massachusetts. (I believe). The papers are worth the read. 

Very interesting guy. 
[deleted]
Glory was a great movie, which depicted this act at the very end. 
Honestly, it's weirdly satisfying he was buried with his soldiers- he'd have an insane family bond with them, and isn't that what we all want!? 
But we’ll never be truly free

Until those in bondage have the same rights as you and me

You and I. Do or die. Wait till I sally in

On a stallion with the first black battalion!
Witness him.
200,000 black soldiers joined the Union Army.   

Around one out of six of Grant’s men in the Eastern Theatre was black.

Most of them were born into slavery, experienced all the cruelties of slavery, were freed by the war, then immediately joined the Union army to finish off slavery.  

We can glorify Shaw but remember that most of his men didn’t have a childhood.   They had barely lived a day in real peace and freedom.   
Give em hell 54th!
I think they did him a service by burying him with his men. He probably would have liked that
I actually already knew this because I had to do a report in sixth grade on a real person (from the movie) after watching Glory and I had a crush on Matthew Broderick’s character and other kids made fun of me for how old he was (27 at the time of the movie, I mean yeah I was like 11 but who HASN’T had a crush on him at some point?).
The original site washed away sometime after the bodies (or what they could find of them) were moved by the Military. The whole fort is gone now.
Johnson Hagood was the Confederate general that was tasked with returning Union general's bodies so they could be 'properly' buried but didn't do so for Shaw because he led black soldiers.

Hagood said:

>Had he been in command of white troops, I should have given him an honorable burial; as it is, I shall bury him in the common trench with the niggers that fell with him."

Hagood was honoured after his death by having a town in South Carolina named after him, the Johnson Hagood Stadium in Raleigh and many streets in South Carolina...good job South Carolina.
i love how people try to say the confederate is not about white supremacy
And he was also only 25 when he died. That’s a young man with so much responsibility and with so much to lose. Much respect to the young Colonial. A true American treasure and patriot. 
"Let's insult somebody by putting them to rest with their comrades"

-racist logic
This guy needs a memorial in every state.
Sometimes I really hate being from the south. I don’t doubt that there were good hearted, virtuous southerners back in the day, but dammit stuff like this just makes me sad to know how backward and wrong the south was back then (and still is in many parts)
TI Already Knew: Confederates were racist assholes. 
And the Confederate leader who led the defense of Fort Wagner where Shaw was killed became the Governor of South Carolina after the war. No punishment for being on the losing side of the war, instead a promotion. 

Good old reconstruction. The Union wins the war but the South wins the peace. One of the most important time periods in the history of the United States, specifically for it's failures to ensure equal rights for all after the Civil War. 
He's actually a great great great uncle of mine... 
Just to be clear the Confederate officer who made the decision that Shaw should be buried with "the niggers that fell with him", Johnson Hagood, [has an entire stadium named after him](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson_Hagood_Stadium).
Glory is a fantastic film.

It’s always a good reminder that racists lost then and have continued to lose throughout history. When we turn on the news and see all of the awful people making us think otherwise we have to remember that they have done nothing but lose since the civil war. 
The fact that people still proudly wave that flag makes me sick.
Glory. Worth a look. 
Kinda wish we'd get a game of thrones styled show that was about our civil war.

Show the complexity and morally muddled Characters on both sides.

Show the pre war free state slave state politics, the siege of Atlanta. Show the totality and brutality of war, racism.

All while trying to be firm and level unbiased and true to the history. With an overall tone that war never changes, that people never change.

I can picture a horrifying image of black corpses and a single white corpse stretched out on top as the camera slowly pulls out as Confederates drop more black bodies in all while the sounds of horses Canon fire drown out the screams and yelling.
When your father who was born in the 1800 is not even a little racist but in 2018 we give the excuse “oh but he grew up in a different time”
[deleted]
For all these people who seem to think that the civil war was not fought on the basis of keeping black people enslaved I encourage you to take a look at the [Cornerstone speech ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech)by, Alexander Stephens, the Vice President of the confederacy.

"The new Constitution has put at rest forever all the agitating questions relating to our peculiar institutions—African slavery as it exists among us—the proper status of the negro in our form of civilization. This was the immediate cause of the late rupture and present revolution. Jefferson, in his forecast, had anticipated this, as the "rock upon which the old Union would split." He was right. What was conjecture with him, is now a realized fact. But whether he fully comprehended the great truth upon which that rock stood and stands, may be doubted. The prevailing ideas entertained by him and most of the leading statesmen at the time of the formation of the old Constitution were, that the enslavement of the African was in violation of the laws of nature; that it was wrong in principle, socially, morally and politically. It was an evil they knew not well how to deal with; but the general opinion of the men of that day was, that, somehow or other, in the order of Providence, the institution would be evanescent and pass away... Those ideas, however, were fundamentally wrong. They rested upon the assumption of the equality of races. This was an error. It was a sandy foundation, and the idea of a Government built upon it—when the "storm came and the wind blew, it fell." 

"Our new government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based upon this great physical, philosophical, and moral truth. This truth has been slow in the process of its development, like all other truths in the various departments of science."

Reminder: The Confederates were the Bad Guys of the American Civil War.
American ~~Union~~ troops tried to recover his body but his Father sent a letter saying “We would not have his body removed from where it lies surrounded by his brave and devoted soldiers.”

Let’s not forget who was what here. 
Fucking beautiful! ❤️❤️ 
Fuck the Confederacy and its modern day apologists. 
Get killed leading troops in battle.

Confederates bury you with your black soldiers because they think it's an *insult*.

"Civil War was totally about states rights lol!"

...bull. fucking. shit.
"But the Civil War wasn't fought over slavery or skin colour"
A damn admirable man. The moment people stop dividing by races, a LOT of things will work it self out. 
TL:DR - Ferris Beuller was put in a mass grave w/ God and that asshole from training day, as well as the rest of his soldiers.
"Had he been in command of white troops, I should have given him an honorable burial; as it is, I shall bury him in the common trench with the niggers that fell with him."

Sadly an attitude that persists.
Such classy people, the Confederates.   (*spit*)
I'm a simple man. I see Col. Shaw, I upvote. 
This is why people who say that they're proud of their Confederate heritage probably don't know anything about it. Who would be proud of this?
You're just now learning this. Glory should be a mandatory film for all Americans. 
Humans are cunts.
TIL a fan drove three hours to deliver rapper, Boozie Badazz, a much needed dosage of insulin. She refused to accept payment and instead asked for just a photo. On her way home she stopped at a store, bought a scratch off ticket, and won $10,000.

The only time a shot of insulin will *ADD* 10k to your bank account
What an awesome coincidence. It's nice when people do things without expectation of reward.
I’m old enough to still call him Lil Boosie
“I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.”

- Rabindranath Tagore
[Why ya'll calling him Boozie, its Boosie](https://i.imgur.com/L7efAs4.gif)
What I don't understand is why would he have to wait (more than?) three hours to get some insulin. Couldn't someone have gone to a pharmacy and bought some in much less time?
Nice. He raps about selling drugs on my street. He also buys a crap ton of toys every year for the children of Baton Rouge.
My name is Earl
Damn that's beautiful
Before Walmart came out with the (lower quality) generic insulin, it could be frustratingly hard to get your hands on insulin. Once your script is out, you're out of luck. As if you have to prove you haven't lost diabetes somehow.   

While the Walmart insulin is harder on your system and shouldn't be used long term if you can avoid it, it's s nice safety net. Better than just letting yourself end up in the ER while you try to sort out issues with your doctor, pharmacy, or insurance (I've had several problems with all 3 over the years leading to delays.)
This was during the start of covid-19 when everybody ran out of everything he couldn't get his insulin just cause your rich dont mean u can go without
welcome to the mind of a maniac
There’s no reason insulin needs to be remotely expensive in the United States. I’m a biochemist, but it shouldn’t even take a scientist to figure out that there’s no rational basis for hiking insulin prices. It can be produced for near literally dirt cheap.
this should be in /r/instantkarma
I don’t understand why he didn’t call an ambulance.

EDIT: Some of you aren’t grasping my point here. According to the article, he claimed an emergency and waited 3 hours for a stranger to give him something *he injected.* If I were to tell any of you I’ll be there in 3 hours so you can put this in your body *because I’m a fan of your work* would you take it? Or argue about the health care systems as a whole. Jesus Reddit, some of you guys just argue for sport.
See? We don't need better healthcare in the US. Everyone just needs to buy scratch tickets and release a totally fire mixtape every 6 months to a year.
Person: I don't want to be paid for saving your life, only a photo. 
*Wins 10k from lotto on the way home*
Machine Overlord: YOU SHALL ACCEPT PAYMENT TINY HUMAN. 

Edit: autocorrect typos
Boozie's blessing and the Based God's curse, two powerful forces in hip hop
[deleted]
Isn't this the guy that paid a hooker to molest his 13 year old son and nephews?

How is this dude not in jail?
As an Australian diabetic this makes me so, so sad. 
Firstly- my insulin costs $80 for a 6 month supply, I can buy it at any pharmacy and it’s free to see my dr for a script. 

If I can’t make it to the dr, I can do a phone appointment and the will send my script straight to the pharmacy, also for free. The pharmacy will also deliver the insulin to my house if need be, for free. 


Lastly, I can walk into any pharmacy, anywhere, and explain I need insulin, haven’t been able to see my dr and have no script, and they will supply me with 1 box (15 mls) of insulin, and will give me the remaining 4 boxes when I take my script to them (once I get it- no rush!).

ETA- I live in rural Australia.
She can buy one more shot of insulin with that kind of money.
You might say that she is a Badazz
This has strong my name is earl vibes
Now she can buy another dosage! Yay America!
Karma
So, this one is weird, and I don't believe in karma but...

&#x200B;

I was walking across campus.  I looked down and saw a 5 dollar bill on the ground.  I picked it up, and knew I had to do the right thing.  I turned it in to campus security.  They sort of looked at me weird, but took the details down and took the money to put in the safe.

&#x200B;

Iget in my car to drive home, and I hear on the radio "call now for the 1000 dollar prize" so on a lark, I hit my handsfree and said "OK google, call WCBS FM"  My phone connected and was silent for like 30 seconds, and then someone said "Hello?' I said hello back and they told me I was the 101st caller and had won 1000 dollars.

&#x200B;

It was a nice surprise.
Is no one going to talk about the fact that Boosie is a terrible person?
Reminds me of the time i gave Scratchy Winkerbean my last dose of penicillin and found a half of a pack of menthols
r/instantkarma but in a good way
This is called instant Karma, love it. Her selfless act helped a man in need and she was rewarded by the cosmos.
In my third world country, a dosage of insulin costs you less than $1. It's mind boggling how much it cost in USA. it wasn't even invented there. Two canadian guy invented insulin and basically gave up the patent for almost free. That tells you about the unchecked greed engrained in their culture.
It’s even more heart warming when you find out this guy was indicted on a federal murder charge, was suspected to be involved in a half dozen other murders, and supposedly ran a major drug operation from inside prison when he was doing 8 years for trafficking. 

He also claims to have paid a sex worker to statutory rape his 12 year old son
So he had no other way to get some insulin in less than three hours?
Isn't this the guy that was shaming that basketball player about his son being gay/Trans?
Pretty sure he gave her 10k and told her to say it was a scratcher for tax purposes.
Boosie has a 20,000 square foot house. Why couldn't he pay for it?
Boozie can grant wishes apparently.
She invoked law of surprise
Does this qualify as r/instantkarma?
As a diabetic, I can tell you that any act of mercy in the US when it comes to medicine, feels amazing.
Oh I remember him........ Not. But I am glad he got his insulin. I happy now that insulin is going to be easy to get for everyone. No big pharma van overcharge anymore. I am going to have to look up his digs , I may be a new fan
For real tho, I need a boosie fade
Some say coincidence, I say karma.
Karma is real
TIL that in 1916 there was a proposed Amendment to the US Constitution that would put all acts of war to a national vote, and anyone voting yes would have to register as a volunteer for service in the United States Army.

Tis merely a skirmish. No vote needed. 
The thing is there's been over 11,000 proposed changes to the Constitution since it's been around.  Only 17 of these have been passed, not including the original 10.  Plus if this did pass Congress it would still have a long way for it to become law, either 2/3 or 3/4 of states need to pass it as well (don't remember the number off the top of my head).  The way the Constitution is set up is so that there can be no radical changes to our country.  I don't believe that if this did pass it would have meet the other requirements as well.
This became known as the Ludlow Amendment after Representative Louis Ludlow (D-Indiana) introduced the amendment several times around WWII, the proposal did not apply if the US was attacked first. Congressman Ludlow stated:

*The amendment would do more to keep American boys out of slaughter pens in foreign countries than any other measure that could be passed. It is based on the philosophy that those who have to suffer and, if need be, to die and to bear the awful burdens and griefs of war shall have something to say as to whether war shall be declared.*

*If the United States had such an anti-war provision in its Constitution, other countries would follow our example, and I believe wars would be brought to an end.*

[Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludlow_Amendment)
"Forward he cried, from the rear, as the front rank died." Us and Them-*Pink Floyd*
Does this mean older people would have no say?
As Otto Von Bismark pointed out, the U.S. was a blessed nation... surrounded by weak neighbors to the North and South, and surrounded to the East and West by fish.
There’s a lot of proposed amendments and most of them fail. Fun fact, there has been 11,327 proposed amendments and only 27 have been approved by congress and ratified by states since 1789. Ten of those being the Bill of Rights in one shot.
US has secret ballots.  How would they know who voted yes?
>While the proposal was supported by around 75 percent of Americans at the time, according to polling, it failed in a congressional vote.

Democracy at its finest 
I'm sure many people in the 40's didn't want to fight the Nazi's or Imperial Japanese
No one declares war anymore anyways, thats sooooo early 20th century.
And then they realized their war club sucked and no one would actually volunteer, so they just made it a requirement for ~~everyone~~ men aged 21-30 to sign up for potential selection. 
Sure would make things interesting. I come from an area that was always very much for conflict "Murica!!" But I was also one of 5 people to graduate HS and join the military and the only one in my family (of age in late 90s) to join. Yet for the past 20 odd years I go back and I see all this support for war in Syria, Korea, Iran... Nobody seem to want to go through basic and make the trip to do it...
They should do this for abortion restrictions. You want to ban abortions? Vote yes and you are put on a national registry to adopt the child a woman is forced to have. 
What are some other interesting proposed Amendments?
The biggest issue is that we'd end up like the Romans. They were not allowed to wage offensive wars so they made up bs reasons to go conquer more territory. This is only for offensive wars. This would just further cement our defensive wars in name only problem. Think of all the conflicts we had misguidedly entered to defend ourselves. Vietnam (Gulf of Tonkin was faked), Spanish-American War (Ship blew up in Spain's harbor, but it really wasn't Spain attacking us), Mexican American War (Same situation as the Gulf of Tonkin where a military leader provoked the enemy without attacking). Point is, we have plenty of historical examples that this wouldn't really do all that much. I'd still love to see this in legislation because there would have to be at least 1 situation where we don't go to war because it was unpopular. This could also trim back the President's ability to get out foot in the door with a war we don't want.
[deleted]
[deleted]
If this were a thing, one could imagine that the allies would have lost WWII.  A situation where declaring war is unpopular doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do it (WWII) and the those where declaring war IS popular doesn’t mean we should (Iraq).
So what would stop those who would benefit from war just voting "No" to exempt themselves from service, but run a media campaign to persuade a bunch of others to vote "Yes"?

Rich people stay home and get richer, the common people get the shaft.  Nothing really changes.
For everyone circle jerking about how awesome this idea would be, look at our politicians. Now you mean to tell me the average American voter is smart enough to know when to vote for a war or not?
That would only work if every country did that
I imagine something like this would tend to strengthen the notion that democracies seldom go to war against one another. 
Would that mean that only military aged men without any disabilities would be able to vote?
I would fight and die for my right to party. 
Meh.  I understand the vitriol behind the idea I still don’t agree.  That would flood the military with incompetent people.   Which would make military forces far weaker and put personnel at risk.  IMHO 
    
Edit: for those discussing the draft.  My thoughts On that viewpoint are this is nothing like the draft really.  You didn’t get drafted because you thought going to war was a good idea.  While both are forms of forcing civilians to serve.  The scope of why you are forced to serve is nothing similar.   

Wow reddit hates rich people
"I'm sorry grandma.. seems like you gotta go oversea to fight Hitler. Should've voted no you old bastard." 
I'm anti-war to the max.  That said, during the Korean War when men in college were taken out of college and drafted to combat, an exception was made for those ranked in the top 10% of their class. I was so ranked but felt that exception to be unfair to those who had to go to combat that I dropped out of school and enlisted for military service.  I feel that if one American is made to go to combat without a say so in the matter, then ALL Americans should be placed in that same position with the only exceptions being for the infirm (which doesn't include bone spurs). 
Did you also know steve Buscemi was a part time 9/11
Glad this atrocious idea failed. Grandstanding nonsense. 
I believe that in WW2, approximately 2/3 of American soldiers were drafted. Many who volunteered did so because they would have been drafted anyway and wanted to choose where they ended up.

That means, even in the one war that the vast majority of people think is a justified, necessary war, we couldn't even get half of our soldiers through volunteers alone.

That's why this idea is silly. Very few people volunteer for war, even if they truly believe it to be necessary. It's just not something that's in our nature. And imagine if Americans had stayed out of the war. Imagine if we had stayed neutral, not supplied the Allies with massive amounts of ammunition and arms. Imagine if we had not occupied the Japanese who could then finalize their stranglehold on Asia and move into Russia with Germany. 

It's not a pretty picture.

Sometimes a war needs to be fought. And you'll probably never get a majority vote for it. If you think we get engaged in too much shit around the world, vote for other politicians. Americans, by and large, are quite okay with our excursions. That's why they happen.
Leaving us essentially without a functioning Congress in a time of war? Sounds great for the enemy.

This is a good example of the sort of feel-good pacifism that sounds pretty good at first glance but falls apart when you give it a moment's thought.
This idea is just as stupid as the last time it was posted.
Absolutely genius idea. Not many idiots around to scream baby killers at Vietnam vets if that happened.
For all you people who support this:

Would you be okay with the US not joining in on WW2? Would you be fine with the Nazis and Soviets committing mass genocide? Cause there was a lot of people who opposed joining the war   and if we didn't join, the world would be a completely different place and not for the better.

Hell, I'm sure a lot of you had grandparents who fought in world War 2 who risked everything to make sure you and your families could be free.
There is a running assumption that if people had to fight in a war they would find themselves shutting up and not so fast to vote for a war. I think I'm seeing a lot of that in these comments and yet...

...Don't be so quick to assume this wouldn't be met with a tremendous number happy to go fight. 

Here's something to consider: Vietnam, and it was NOT a nice easy anything, but most of the soldiers in actual combat positions were there by choice - they voluntarily joined the army. 

In modern times - this is where there is active fighting, Iraq, Afghanistan etc - the US Military *rejects up to 80% of applicants* wow!

Consider this.. World War two and around 40% of the forces were actually volunteers! And they even dubbed them 'Americans citizen army' because the vast majority had no history, experience, no family history, nothing related to soldiers or military worlds. I mean, that's amazing really. 

I see comments in here smirking about 'bone spurs' and a lot of that goes under some belief that the US really needed people so desperately that it was obviously a scam to be rejected for little things like that except...

..in fact, they had so many volunteers and so many draftees to keep choosing from they actually could reject people for such all sorts of reasons including 'buck teeth' and seriously, for dental issues that *we* think sound like 'fake excuses' but in fact, to the recruiters they see a problem with communicating silently or using the phones etc. They don't see 'bone spurs' but they see a kid who already has x-degree of bone spurs and calculate that if he has basic training, boots and 50lbs of gear then he will end up being a liability, a big financial burden, even a safety hazard and..

...they do not need that kid. Not at all. They weren't drawing straws to see what remaining 5 guys were going to face death. They were getting thousands upon thousands of applicants and could afford to choose only the best of the best. 

and then keeping in mind, even the kid with bone spurs or bad teeth or any of them probably aren't going to be sent to the front lines. My grandfather recalled how he did everything to get into WW2, he made it, he was super excited only to learn that they didn't actually hand them rifles and send them to actually shoot at Nazis. He recalls trying everything to get front-line combat action and at the time they refused to give him any promises and made it clear it wasn't his decision. 

But ya, its funny how so many people today assume some sort of 'Ha-Ha comeuppance' would occur if anyone who voted had to fight themselves or send their kids to fight... because, in fact, a LOT of people DO try and volunteer to fight, want to fight and/or definitely send their own children to apply, happily, proudly and all the time in large large numbers. 

I'd be all for fighting ISIS myself but I'm also very much aware that I'd be a liability. I'd be a danger, a drag, a problem, I'd be more harm than good. They don't need some crunchy old sports-injury out-of-shape dude who's knee pops out at the exact moment I'm supposed to help. This is true for probably 80% of our *younger* population and not 'disabled' but just our normal population who simply won't be physically helpful and more harmful. 
As a former soldier I believe all of our leaders should have some military experience.  Not because of war, but because the behavior and morality that soldiers have.  The war experience is a bonus since they will know the cost of actually fighting in a war.  It’s easy to send troops on paper.  If it was up to me, Trump (any president actually) would have to fight a world leader and lose before declaring war.  Kings went to war with their soldiers because they were real leaders.  
TIL that the Animal Planet reality series ‘River Monsters’ ended because star Jeremy Wade was able to catch essentially every exceptionally large freshwater fish species on earth, leaving no remaining content for the show

I’m not surprised lol. The dude went out with a plan every every episode and executed that plan.
Dude that Alaska crab show just catches the same thing over and over and over for 15yrs...
I met Jeremy Wade about a decade ago. He was giving a lecture at the National Aquarium in Baltimore. I was a huge fan of the show, so of course I went. Afterwards he had a book signing, so I bought a copy. I was last in line, and he was chitchatting with each person who got an autograph. 

In the quick conversation, I mentioned where I was originally from. Turns out, he’d literally just been there to film about invasive carp on the river. I was due for a refill on my wine, and no one else was in line. He grabbed a water, and we just stood there shooting the breeze for a while before he had to go. 

Really cool dude
He wept, for there were no more fish to conquer
He's had two different series after River Monster, Dark Waters and the name of the other escapes me.
> every exceptionally large freshwater species **on earth**

Time to send him to other planets then. He's caught all the river monsters here, now he's got the rest of the galaxy to conquer.
I saw every episode.  One of the true authentic tv shows. Exactly what we want. A goal. A process. And a result.
70% of the show could be summarized as "but it was a catfish!"


Man I miss it
Every time he hurt himself "I've permanently reduced the rotation of my shoulder"

His arm should have fallen off.
They're not kidding. The guy straight up discovered a new species on that show once. He's really done it all.

EDIT: For all the people curious as to what episode this was in, I can't remember. I saw the episode on TV back in like 2015. All I remember was that Wade was looking for some sort of mythological fish in South America (I think it was South America but I may be wrong). The episode ended with Jeremy Wade catching the fish and text appearing on the screen saying it was a completely unknown species.
I'm Jeremy Wade.


That line, in his voice, is so iconic.
Jeremy Wade is like the real "most interesting man in the world".

What I loved about River Monsters was that it was essentially an Indiana Jones anthrophological show in the most old school way.

British gentleman goes to the ends of the world to solve a mystery and in return learns of the ways of the exotic people that live there.

Just genius and the way Jeremy writes everything down in his notebook. 

Jeremy should just go on and do a search for mythological animals in general. No one cares if he actually catches any
Dude, I love that show! It's why the arapaima is my favorite fish.
Be good, but never too good. Just ask The Curse of Oak Island guys, they have been milking that for 9 seasons now.
Except loch Ness monster
"And now I am become death, destroyer of fish"
They did the thing and they ended it. I respect that.

I'm sure there somme other networks ^cough ^cough ^history who would have then upped the stakes. Try to catch more and more toward the cryptid side till 13 seassons and 2 movies later hes fishing for Oggo Poggo and Alien space craft.
Till this day we still say "FISH ON! FISH ON!" Just for fun.
But the real river monster was the friends he met along the way
My wife loves me dearly, but I’m pretty sure if she had the chance she’d cheat on me with Jeremy Wade.
Jeremy Wade is on my top 5 people I'm most jealous of. He got to go places you just didn't get to go doing what he loved it's insane.
I adore that show so much. He has also written a few books and they're good reads.
It's one of my favourite shows for comfort watching. Just get some snacks, a blanket and put on River Monsters. What I always loved about it was that despite it being a bit overdramatic and suffering from "American documentary syndrome", Jeremy Wade always made an effort to de-mystify the fish and portray them as such. Fish just doing their thing to survive, not monsters. We humans just have the tendency to invade their territory, so accidents happen eventually. And he always emphasised the importance of conservation and sustainability, when it would have been very easy to advocate for fish genocide. His other series, Dark Waters, is also really great and scratches that River Monsters itch just fine.
Savage, loved that show and always wondered why it got canceled. Thank you for this.
Wade could catch a tarpon in a rain puddle. One of the greatest anglers of all time in my humble opinion.
This show kicks fuckin ass
Legend
A guy named Wade is the best fisherman ever? Ha.
That show and Jeremy Wade delivered every single time. He never missed
I work in the fly fishing industry and Jeremy fished with a guide buddy of mine years back filming a show on Lake Champlain.  I had him sign my hat.  Cool down to earth guy.
God I love that show, and I hate fishing. Just a fantastic show. Hosted by an expert with a real passion, traveling the world, showing enormous respect for the animals he captures.
Guy is 100% legit in my book, which is hard to be these days on a TV show
I bet he has his fish portion of the museum finished in animal crossing
Surely there's bigger versions out there to catch? What about Shinys?
I love this show, what a legend
My favourite episode was the one with the nuclear reactor. It just felt eerily scary to watch as a kid
The episode order of that show is so fucking weird. I just checked it out.

57 episodes, 44 specials that for some reason aren't counted as a regular episode even though they were released within the seasons and were parts of the season, two additional episodes (the lost reels) that were released IN THE MIDDLE of season 3, not before or sometime after, are for some reason NOT COUNTED as a part of season 3, and then there's season 10, that was released exactly THE NEXT DAY season 9 ended, and it only consisted of 1 episode that sums up his journey. Nah, it couldn't be a part of season 9, it couldn't even be considered a special episode, nah man, next season immediately begins after another but it's only one episode.

There's probably more weird cases like this on Animal planet since I didn't follow much, but seriously what kinda release format is this??? I loved River Monsters btw.
Coolest part for me was probably when he caught the massive stingray after a multi-hour battle and then it _gave birth_ in the net to live young. Was amazing since a large part of the reason he was after them was for tagging and research purposes with a local group.
Gotta Catch em all!

Mf actually did it
Jeremy Wade is the man. I remember one episode where the fish was accidentally killed in the catch process and he was crushed. The body of the fish was then given to a nearby indigenous tribe, which likely fed them for a week at least. Jeremy respected the fish that he caught.
I thought it was because he was caught in a compromising position with a Large Mouth Bass.
The mighty goonch!
I never understood why the theme song wasn't "Wade in the water"
Jeremy Wade is a badass. His voice is perfect.
He's like the real life Ash Ketchum but with river monsters instead of pocket monsters
I was so addicted to this show. One time at a family reunion, I made a bet w/ one of my older cousins I could catch a fish in the local fishing hole, cause I watched it so much, I thought I could do it. I taped a trash bag liner to a stick, made a small hole in the liner & looped a string around it & tied a worm to the ens of it. I caught a fish after like, 35, 40 minutes. Idk what species it was, it was rather small, but I did it, & I did it cause I had been binge-watching River Monsters.
And thus ended the last good show on Animal Planet.
Jeremy Wade is a certified badass.  He was helping hold a large fish once and the tail slammed him in the chest.  It did minor but permanent damage to his heart.  Doctors told him he shouldn't fish for monster fish any more.  This was either before River Monsters or in the first season.  He also survived a plane crash.
Busted his bicep muscle to catch a 14ft ray. Loved that show.
And yet still no Lochness monster, Kraken, Cthulhu, mermaid, or Megalodon, what’s he think he’s doing retiring?
He lives in my town.  My friend cuts his hair, and didn’t know who he was. She thought he was just a nice dude who knew A LOT about fish.
Remember when He saved that guy who was stranded on an Australian island?
Imagine being so good at fishing that you have to cancel your own show because you caught EVERYTHING
Why didn't he go for saltwater?
I need to watch that show again, I really enjoyed watching him. He was fun
I’ve worked with several TV shows like his. He was by far the kindest, realest fisherman. It was clear this man could’ve been sponsored by any fishing company on the planet but he refused - he didn’t want to have to exclusively use the gear by whatever brand he would’ve been sponsored by, but rather use whatever was the best pole for the job.  
He was visiting the small island I worked on during a big fishing tournament - unfortunately for him, we had already convinced him to go to the island’s only bar with us when filming wrapped. When he walked into this bar, every fishing bro in a visor, polarized sunglasses and a hulk fishing gear shirt turned and their jaws hit the floor. Jeremy not only signed everything for them but he also sang multiple songs and bought us all beer. 10/10 experience.
They came back and did a few additional seasons that ended up being ocean related as well and were pretty terrible. Also a lot of repeat fish in the show. But overall i liked it. A fellow Wade.
This show was one of the last great things on Animal Planet.

It actually did have that human element in the way “surprisingly human” should mean, with how it so perfectly showed how we as people interact with the planet. From invasive species, to the ways that peoples from all over the world have come to know their environment.

It also was like a comment above says basically a naturalist Indiana Jones. A mystery being explored in far off lands, with exotic things to be found along the way explained to us back home.

And, like what we want archeology to do, a big focus is about preservation. Keeping the great things that might be lost

As someone who has had a love for fishing and for the mysteries of our world. . . This is one of my favorite shows of all time.

On a side note:

What Jeremy has gone through to fish is really amazing.

Man has been struck by lighting, been in a plane crash, gotten malaria, been hurt permanently by the fish he has caught, even arrested as a spy.

It’s no wonder he’s caught them all, he’ll do whatever it takes
I loved that show, I still catch reruns every so often when Animal Planet airs them. 

The episode where he caught a Goliath Tiger Fish made me tear up a little when Jeremy said he knew the fish wouldn’t make it.
Show was dope. I usually hate reality type garbage tv, but this was akin to croc hunter
TIL actor Robert Pattinson dealt with an obsessed fan who had been camping outside his apartment by taking her out on a dinner date. "I just complained about everything in my life and she never came back."

Mark Hamill did this on an episode of JUst Shoot Me

David Spade/Finch was a super fan/stalker until Hamill turned it around and started following Finch and being annoying/complaining 

Finch stopped following Hamill
Every time I hear something about Robert Pattinson I end up liking him more and more.
Imagine how she feels reading this. Lol
[deleted]
Nothing is more attractive than who you **imagine** someone is.
You've got a stalker?

Normal brain: file a police report 

Big brain: fake suicide, move away 

Galaxy brain: take them on a date
“I hate that I am attracted to goats. Why can’t I just be normal?”
The way he [frames it here](https://www.ctvnews.ca/robert-pattinson-took-devoted-fan-to-dinner-1.724416) makes the whole thing seem pretty sad:

>"There was one day when I was just so chronically bored I said to her, 'Do you want to just go to dinner or something? No one else wants to hang out with me.' Her parents had a restaurant; she took me there. I complained about everything in my life for about two hours, then she gave me the bill to pay and was never back outside my apartment ever again."
Reminds me of when Daniel Radcliffe wore the same outfit for 6 months to avoid the paparazzi. 

All new photos were “unusable” because it looked like everything was taken on the same day.
TIL I date like Robert Pattinson.
[deleted]
When i was like 19 or 20 I worked in a factory, and there was this much older woman who was low key obsessed with me to the point people teased me about it. Foreman thought it would be funny to make me work in close quarters with her for a whole 8 hour shift one night. It was a sit down job where we were both at the same small production table, and I decided the best course of action was just to rack off farts through the whole shift. You can't hear much in that setting but there's no hiding the odor. It worked like a charm, but I do feel kinda bad about now that I'm older.
Wait you mean women DON'T find it attractive when you're tired and depressed and complain about your life? 

Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck
Obviously the better outcome... but 50/50 she wears your skin as a suit, dude.  So, good for you, I guess?
I was prejudiced against Robert Pattinson because of twilight but every now and then I see quotes or stories about him that makes me think he is more interesting than I imagined. 

I really liked his take on method acting: 
"I always say about people doing method acting, you only ever see people doing method when they’re playing an asshole. You never see someone just being lovely to everyone going, ‘I’m really deep in character’,”
[Butterfly in the sky...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhOG3XwX9Yw)
I'm genuinely surprised by the outcome: that she left him with the restaurant bill and stopped bothering him.  I feel like most people's fantasies don't immediately vanish at the first sign of contradictory reality.  For example, years ago someone kept trying to set me up on a blind date with this girl who wanted to meet me.  Eventually, I was kind of forced into it.  I wouldn't say I was rude or mean on the date, yet I wasn't interested and I didn't fake interest.  Next day. she texted saying she had a good time and wanted to go out again soon.
If you don’t want to click:

>“I had a stalker while filming a movie in Spain last year,” Pattinson told Crème Magazine, as reported by England’s Press Association. “She stood outside of my apartment every day for weeks — all day every day. I was so bored and lonely that I went out and had dinner with her.”

>Unfortunately for the obsessed fan, Pattinson did not have the fairytale first date in store that the woman might have been hoping for.

>“I just complained about everything in my life and she never came back,” the 22-year-old said. “People get bored of me in, like, two minutes.”
Still a better love story than Twilight.
Never meet your heros
I remember the ones where crazy fans would spray him with their own blood.
On her way out she asked him "Why'd you spill yer beans?"
It always amazes me when someone complains about a repost on a "TIL" post.


The "I" portion of that should probably tip you off that  99% of these would BE reposts...
Brilliant
I mean. To be honest that’s an amazing way to shake a stalker. They got exactly what they asked for and realized what they were getting into. You may not like Robert’s career choices, but as a person this was an intelligent play.
I think the easiest way for him to get rid of fans would be to go out and talk mad shit about the characters they’re obsessed with. 

“Seriously, sparkles?? So I’m the herpes of art supplies and a vampire? But *only* in the sun?? Wtf is that shit fam?”
Alright but like...Robert Pattinson has been my only celeb crush since Cedric Diggory and I would be humbly honoured to support him emotionally ngl he’s just such a cool guy, I even forgave him for doing Twilight
Robert Pattison is cool af actually. He's friends with Death Grips even.
Classic Schmosby
"Like there's this one girl who just fucking sits outside my apartment, holy FUCK is that annoying"
That’s genius. I’ve always said, “Just let me disappoint you and get this over with.”
David Mitchell's autobiography has a great bit about this. He talks about how, as a celebrity, as soon as you show any interest in a person the glamour comes off and you're less appealing to the person. People don't want the regular person, and being attainable for them lessens you in their eyes.
lol if a dude camped outside a female actors house they would have been arrested and charged and in jail for 6 months. Girls get a dinner!
Like....this obsessed fan?   https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/robert-pattinson-donald-trump-kristen-stewart-tweets-acting-relationships-us-president-twitter-a7897726.html
Sometimes it's better to play hard to want than hard to get!
TIL Twilight is a better love story than Robert Pattinson’s love life.
I've used this tactic to get out of a horrible first date - the guy was hideous and smelled. So I kept complaining about everything, to the point of crying, then I said I wasn't in the mood for anything and left.
No. Regrets.
I did this one time. Some chick kept hitting me up to go out and I wasn't really attracted to her. So eventually one day I was like "I'm not in a good mood today" and she was like "I don't care" so I went out with her and spent the whole time venting and just dumping shit on her. She totally sat there and took it, but by the end she was kindof moping and acting depressed, and she never bothered me again.
According to another post I just saw on reddit he took her out because he was lonely and bored. I would have heard him out and then invited him to boardgames and if the timing suited roleplaying games.

Sure, he would suffer about 5 min of mocking, but really that's all part of the deal.
When she realized he really wasn't a vampire.
TIL that millennial dads are spending 3 times as much times with their kids than their fathers spent with them. Back in 1982, 43% of fathers admitted they'd never changed a diaper. Today, that number is down to about 3%.

Haha! I made it a point to change my kids' very first diapers at the hospital. Kinda symbolic thing, but I was like "I can do this!!" (Had no idea they poop road tar the first couple days though). 

Funny/sad story: when my oldest was about 5, we got recruited to join Indian Guides at her school. IN the US, it's a program started in the 50's to get dads spending more time with their kids (and really probably a way to monetize the camp sites in the winter). So three campouts a year, the dads got waaaaay into it - food, good cocktails around the fire when the kiddos crashed, horseback riding, canoes, hiking. Those campouts were bigger than christmas for our kids. So with 2 girls and a boy, and one "graduating" to the more hardcore camping group, I ended up doing 9 campouts every school year. 

So we put flyers in the school papers, wanted to give every dad a shot at it. I got a call from a mom, "PLEASE call my husband, he HAS to do this!" I call the dude, explain what we're doing, love you to join us, your kids will love it.

"That's ridiculous! You think I can pack in a whole weekend fooling around camping with my kids??" I basically thought (A) we probably don't want ya anyway, and (B) let's see what kind of nursing home your kids put you in some day.

My kids are now 27, 28 and 31 - they were all home for christmas and it was awesome, we spent so much time together, they had lists of the meals I needed to cook, invited kids I've known for decades, I finally built a legit stone fire pit and we spent hours at night around the fire. You get that from really loving your kids and making them a priority; you really can't fake it or phone it in. But I still feel like the luckiest bastard on earth.
Millennial dads wish their fathers spent more time with them.  That's why I spend time with my kids.  My dad just left for work every day and came  home tired every night to watch the weather channel.  He was a great dad, but not a very attentive one.
[deleted]
After moving and discussing with my wife how much I hated my new job.  We decided I could quit and watch the kids instead of them going to daycare. It has been some of the best time in my life getting to play with my kids every day instead of being burnt out from work when I get home.  It's an opportunity I thank my wife for as often as I can because my father was always on business trips and always tired.
My FIL is a great guy but would often call me 'mr mom' when he saw me giving our first kid (his first grand kid) a bottle. Despite having three kids he had never changed a diaper either. He would never admit it but I think he feels a little embarassed by his lack of baby knowledge to be honest, he just done what was the norm when he was younger but I think after seeing me with my kids he kinda thought 'oh I could have done that too'
I recently thought about this from a bit of an "observer" perspective. I was raised by a single mother and other kids would often ask me if i'm not "sad" about not having a dad. Which I wasn't since he was never in the picture. How would I even know what I'm missing? The answer to which should be "because I saw other kids interact with their dads". But I didn't really. I would spend a fair amount of time hanging out at the places of my friends and I didn't even meet some of their fathers ever and when I did it was usually just a short greeting followed by them watching TV and us kids not being allowed to "disturb dad because he is tired from work".
This backs up a lot of what I've observed anectdotally. Ever since people my age (Gen X) and younger have started having kids, dads have noted that people from older generations want to give them some kind of medal just for spending time with their kids -- "Are you on babysitting duty?" (No, they're my own kids.) "Helping out mom today, are we?" (Why would I ever not be?)  TV and movies haven't caught up to the new reality, either -- see the still-common cliche of "oh no, Dad's been left alone with the kids!!" with ensuing wackiness/disaster.
I’m a first generation Asian-American (Japanese) and never really interacted with my parents like how my friends interact with their parents. I think being a daughter doesn’t help since girls are lower on the totem pole in our culture.

I’ve never said or heard “I love you” to my parents. Even saying “Thank You” to each other isn’t something we ever say. I honestly think all I am is a baby maker in my parents eyes.

I didn’t spend a lot of time with my dad or mom growing up. I think I confided in my hobbies and online strangers than my parents.
Are millennials killing the shitty dad industry?
No amount of dollars can buy an hour of time with your father, and that is reflecting in the up and coming generation of dads.
This could also be partly attributed to the number of people who feel empowered not to have kids. I feel a lot of people who didn’t want kids went ahead and had them because it’s the societal norm. Therefore you had more parents who, well, not to sugar coat it, didn’t want to be parents.
My dad never asked me "how's your day" or "how do you feel". Not once in my life. He doesn't know my ambitions or what my passions are apart from the obvious ones that everybody around me know. He is not a bad person but he is clueless about the emotional needs a father should provide.
Goddamn millennials and their...attentive parenting.
Can confirm. My husband did all of bathing, changing, nail trimming duties the first few months while I was being a delirious milk factory. Two years later he is the one who reads to our kid every night for 20-30 minutes, cooks her favorite meals, and takes her to playground on weekends. He can do everything if I were to leave house for any amount of time. 
This is also cultural. 
I have a friend in her 40s, who is also a Russian immigrant in the US. 
The other day she asked me to tell my husband to babysit our kid, so her and I can hang out. I didn’t even try to explain it to her that dads don’t babysit their kids.
Being a millennial with kids, I can attest to this. I'm super involved with my kids and love spending time with them. My parents had very little to do with my upbringing. During my early years it was my grandpa, and once I was in school, my brother and I had to fend for ourselves. Both parents were there, but absent.
Incidentally,  3% of fathers do not have hands or arms
That's great! Now if only we could get that 4-day work week so we can spend extra time with the kids AND clean out the gutters.


Fucking gutters...
I work 11 minutes from home and try to spend as much time with my 2 and 4 year old daughters as possible.  I’ve skipped promotions so I don’t live in an airplane but we do fine. Changed thousands of diapers, some of them spectacularly explosive, pretty much do everything my wife does except some of the more complex hair styles- though I’m learning.  I just figured it was part of being a good partner and I’m biased but my princesses are both awesome little girls like their mom. 

My dad spent most of his time at the office away from my brother and I when we grew up in the 90s. He passed suddenly in 2018... I realized then that a job will never hug you to sleep, and **nobody** gets to their death bed saying “I wish I spent more time at work!”
Yup. I am a much better dad than my dad ever was in the 80s and 90s, not to mention the affair and subsequent divorce when I was around 10. 

Granted, my wife and I both have to work and growing up my mom stayed at home while dad worked. But, I have to assume he spent a lot more time working late and networking than he really needed to. To him, networking probably meant getting drunk with other businessmen in town, and perhaps doing blow as well (it was the 80s).

He was loving and *kind of* around. But, he was also absent in a big way.

Edit: How the fuck can any dad getaway with never changing a diaper?
Wow, 43% of fathers never changed a diaper in 1982. I guess this is why there's a lack of baby changing stations in men's rooms in a bunch of places.

There was a news story a few years ago where one male celebrity went out to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and had to enter the ladies room to change his baby's diaper, because there wasn't a changing station in the men's room, and he didn't want his wife to always be the one changing the diaper. Given that 43% number it suddenly makes a lot more sense why there wouldn't be changing stations in a lot of places.
Being an active father is cool.
I just checked with my mum (my dad died in the early 90s) and she doesn't think he ever changed a nappy, despite being a very involved dad (I was born in 81, my sister in 83). She tried to excuse this by saying that she used the old-fashioned reusable nappies which are more complicated than disposables. I countered by saying he was an engineer, I think he could have worked out how to put on a nappy if he'd wanted to. 

I'm so glad things are changing.
[deleted]
I try to be very fair to my much older father and the generations above him. My father is a pre-boomer. Like most people of his generation didn't have a college degree. Worked in heavy manufacturing. 7 days a week. Half day on Sunday. He was exhausted. Many men from older generations were sole breadwinners and worked in much more physically taxing jobs than we have today. It's easy for me to say I'm a better dad. I have a white collar business and no commute. And I don't work weekends. Am I really a better person?  Or just more fortunate?
this is kinda sa what a freind of mine said   


'i see all the new generations of fathers, being there for their kids. playing with them, talking to them, etc. My father was always at home but was a drunken mess and wouldnt spend any quality time with him as i was distracting him from whatever poverty porn (think jeremy kyle, cant pay we'll take away shows) he'd watch on telly. As soon as my mum came home, she'd ask how my day was and so on. I see the newer generations of kids who are happy to be around their father, and as an adult, it feels like i have no father with how distant he was'  


  


its depressing as fuck but i do hope this changes for the nwer generations tbh
A few months ago, my dad(60) came over and started  bawling. He said he has been watching me(33) be a dad to my two boys the past 5 years and made him realize how shitty and non existent he was. For reference,  I grew up in a very normal family. My dad worked hard, but in terms of my milestones and life events, was not there much besides sports. 

He sees me, who has never missed a doctor's appointment,  a haircut, a first or last day of school, a class trip, etc. For either of my children and it put things in perspective for him.

I assured him that we are all a product of our surroundings and the majority of dads were how he was when I was growing up. And that he was more involved with me than his dad was with him and so on. I think as parents our goal SHOULD be to improve on things. 

Anyways, wall of text. I loved my dad and my childhood because that's just how things were at the time, but it is definitely way different today.
I grew up in the 70s. My Boomer father only paid attention to me when he was bullying me, humiliating me, making me feel small, or putting his hands on me in anger. 

I don't know how many Gen Xers also had fathers like mine, but a lot of us are parents of Millennials, and I know how important it was to me that I love and nurture and care for my children the way the man who was my father never cared for me.
I was just talking with my dad the other day about how my husband's company works him too hard (70-80 hours a week) and that I wish he would get a job that respects family time. He is going to start applying elsewhere soon. My dad just said, "Well, that's just the way it is. I wasn't around much when you were younger because I had long work hours but I put in my time and it passed."
I just thought to myself, that doesn't HAVE to be the way. And he almost acted as though my husband spending that much time at work was a badge of honor. Like, I think my husband is the hardest working man I know and I am very proud of all he does, but he misses out on a lot of our kids' lives and it makes us both sad.
Some of this probably has to do with the fact that the divorce rate among millennials is lower than the divorce rate was among boomers. Fortunately society is more accepting of people waiting to start a family, rather than pressuring people to start a family with the first person they are mildly compatible with in their early 20's.
I'm a boomer (one of the youngest, as I was born 10 days before the era ended with the Assassination of JFK)... and I did most of the diapers. We started very late, and had Sproutlet in our 40s... it's not the age of the parents, but the era.  


We play a lot of minecraft together... I'm hoping to get her into 3d printing.. once I figure out blender, which we both have installed.  


But, yes... I'm damned tired when I get home... 1 1/2 hours commute each way. 8(  I hope to change that this year.
I also think that the typical gender roles of the past are gone. With most families needing both parents to work this statistically makes sense. 

I also think men are more compassionate to their partners now. Even though I worked when my wife was on maternity leave we split all the feedings and rotated staying up with the baby because I honestly felt bad that she would have to do it herself. After about a month I always wondered how some women do it alone or with no help.
I never got why some dads brag about not changing a diaper. Great, so you’re useless. Your wife must be so proud.
I am in the same industry as my dad (software). My career in software was, I think, less influenced by him and more by my appreciation for video games and math (sadly I don't make video games). I only saw bits and pieces of what he did while I grew up and was never really invited to check it out until I was older.

My son and I play games, maybe a little too much, and he loves to watch me program either work or random things. He often wants me to teach him how to program so I try to find little tutorials and Scratch IDEs to guide him.

I found a game that makes you develop your own AI for your characters. He loves to watch me work on it and can't wait to get his own computer so he can make it too.

Edit: the game I play is called AdventureLand on Steam. It's JavaScript so still too advanced for him right now.
Truth. I change 2 diapers a day
[deleted]
My husband is 43. Our older kids are 15 and 11 year old twins. Our youngest is 8 weeks old and we just noticed the other day that he has changed more of his diapers than the older 3 combined. A lot of that is because he is more established in career now and has more time available at home, and a part of it is just the maturity of seeing how fast that precious time passes that came with the experience of raising the older boys.
[deleted]
I would argue this is due to both parents having to work now. 

Aka middle class erosion and massive debts. 

I guess this is a positive, but if my wife could stay home she would...then again so would I.
I suspect feminism has played a large role in this. More equality for women has translated into them not being solely viewed as the primary caregiver for children. This has, in turn, resulted in more expectations for men in the household and now marriage/cohabitation is seen as a team effort. It’s overall good for everyone.
This makes me appreciate my boomer dad even more.  I know he was swimming way against the current when it came to his involvement with my older siblings and me.  My dad's  parents basically shipped him off to boarding school as soon as they could, and he vowed to raise his kids differently.  I saw the differences with my dad and my friends' dads.  

Today, I'm a millennial dad and I look to my own father as a role model of how to be an involved and available dad.  I'm glad the tide is changing so that this style of fatherhood becoming the standard.

Edit: boomer dad, not boner dad, lol
TIL The cast of FRIENDS each made $1M per episode in the final two seasons and now make $20M per year per cast member for reruns. The show still generates $1B/year for Warner Bros. All thanks to David Schwimmer encouraging the cast to negotiate as a team.

$54,795 per day for acting you did 20 years ago. That’s gotta feel nice.
Imagine making $20 mil a year for something you finished doing almost 20 years ago, damn
The second they signed the syndication deal, they were all worth $60 million.

Just like when Jerry Seinfeld signed his syndication deal in the mid-90s, they handed him a check for $25 million dollars.
Damn. David Schwimmer is a union hero and I didn't even know it
Is it true that the cast of Fraiser were paid even more than that per episode?
Between this and Seinfeld basically becoming a billionaire, I'd say they're some of the luckiest people on earth.
It makes me feel old when things that were commonly known at the time become a TIL now
The salary demands of the cast caused the studio and network to look for ways to make more money off the show.  And one way they did this was to eliminate the opening title montage and song. 

Early seasons had one. But by the end of the show's run, it was reduced to a cast shot and title card.  The resulting free time was sold as additional commercial space and earned substantial money.

This was then imitated by many other series and was one of the major causes of the demise of opening credit sequences on American TV.
This also applies to corporate America. I read an article recently where a VP of a larger bank stated that today more than ever, the younger generation is more inclined to speak to one another about their salaries. This didn’t used to be the case. 

Knowing what those around you make only helps you in negotiation. Corporations would prefer you keep this a secret which tells you everything you need to know. Collective bargaining lifts everybody up.
Wow, I apparently like David Schwimmer a lot more than Ross...
Collective bargaining works, that's why they dont want you to have the option.
Everyone thinks David Schwimmer is a dick since he has no interest in a reunion and has generally avoided all talk about Friends since it ended but if I was getting 20M a year for doing absolutely nothing why in the hell would I ever want to work again unless I had a role I’d been dying to play. Wealth outside of the public eye is much different than wealth with fame.
Gunther makes $500,000 a year from royalties. All because he knew how to operate a cappuccino machine.
Way to go Red Ross
I love how in the 30 Rock reunion for quarantine, Liz asks Jack if NBC’s “Peacock” will have Friends. Jack slaps her through the phone screen.
Well of course they negotiated as a team—they were friends afterall...
Can we talk about this picture. They have many desserts. Why all drink from two milkshakes?
Such is the way of the unagi.
Every time the execs would ask them to film it for less money David Schwimmer would say, "No, we are on a break."
I believe it was Courtney Cox who suggested they stick together after she appeared on Seinfeld.
I don't even know what I would do with 20 million dollars every year.
“You need to work as a team, and if you can’t work as a team, I’ll find a new team who can work as a team.”
For some reason I can only fall asleep with friends or Parks and Rec in the background. Maybe it just reminds me of a time that I felt safe and didn’t wanna jump off a bridge lol.
Why does Ross, the largest friend, not simply eat the other five?
The lesson here is do talk about your wages with your coworkers and unionize.
[removed]
So Jennifer Aniston just works..for shits and giggles pretty much?
I’ll never pity Matthew Perry again
thats the opposite of Seinfeld. George or Jason Alexander stated when Larry and Jerry had a big licensing deal it didn't involve him. George and Kramer tried to negotiate together in the final season for a cut of future royalties but Jerry and Larry wouldn't budge and instead paid them $1 mill each for the last season.

Jerry and Larry have made about $400 million a year from their cut. Jerry is almost a billionaire and George and Kramer are worth about $50 million.

https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/what-the-seinfeld-cast-makes-for-reruns.html/
Did the crew get in on the action?
Yes, our monthly reminder of how much the cast of Friends is paid
it was David *and* Jennifer. they were the 2 that got the payraises because Ross and Rachel blew up (god knows why). Neither of them felt it was fair and they both had a hand, not really sure why she was left out lol
This is called *collective bargaining* and is what labor unions exist to do. If you think unions are unnecessary, outdated, corrupt, or a waste of your resources, realize that this is what they do and they succeed.
That’s such a Ross thing to do.
I didn't like David Schwimmer for a solid two years but I couldn't remember why. Turned out it was because of how good he was in Band of Brothers as an asshole captian. Go figure. lol
