My oldest brother lost his two year battle against cancer yesterday. I relayed his final goodbye to his guild, and I took the first screenshot before logging him out for the last time. I ask the community to remember the life of Edelweiss, the Paladin.

Lok’Tar Ogar, brave champion. I find some comfort in Alicia’s poem from a quest in the game. 


“Do not stand at my grave and weep, 
I am not there, I do not sleep.

I am in a thousand winds that blow, 
across Northrend's bright and shining snow.

I am the gentle showers of rain, 
on Westfall's fields of golden grain. 

I am in the morning hush, 
of Stranglethorn's jungle, green and lush.

I am in the drums loud and grand,
the thunderous hooves across Nagrand.

I am the stars warmly gleaming,
over Darnassus softly dreaming.

I am in the birds that sing,
I am in each lovely thing.

Do not stand at my grave and cry, 
I am not there. I do not die.”
"What do we do now?" 

"We bring him home."
Words from a stranger on the internet is probably cold comfort, but I am reminded of this quote from the game we all love.

"Fear not, young one, for this crusader shall not taste death. In life, he was the bearer of great deeds. Now, in passing, he shall taste only paradise. The light does not abandon its champions."

May your brother's rest be peaceful, and may your own heart find peace in time.
From an alliance player to a horde player, may Elune bask him in her moonlight
Lok'Tar Ogar Brother. May you rest well.
Rest now brother, we will carry the banner from here. 

Lok'Tar Ogar.
May the light shine on your brother. Lok’Tar Ogar.
Lok'Tar Ogar.
[Here is his armory link.](https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/us/moon-guard/Ed%C3%A9lweiss) In case someone tried to look his character up.
Not Wow-related, but I really like how ESPN Anchor Stewart Scott put it: "When you die, that does not mean that you lose to cancer. You beat cancer by how you live, why you live and in the manner in which you live."

Wishing you the best in this difficult time.

Also, FOR THE HORDE.
The light never abandons its champions. 

I’m sorry for your loss. You’re brother sounds like a really well loved guy.
I'm so sorry for your loss, man. It's the hardest thing to go through, but they are always with us. I lost my brother two years ago. Much love and condolences to your family, friends, and guildmates.
May he find peace, and my sincere condolences to you and your family. 

Lok'tar Ogar!
I don't know if this will help or not, but The song Edelweiss from the sound of music is one of my favorite songs ever written and it also happened to be Rodgers and Hammerstein's last song they wrote together. Great way to remember him.
The light never abandons its champions ❤️
Lok’tar Ogar
Fuck cancer
I am a member of that guild,  he was a good dude. Lok'tar Ogar.
Sorry for you lose..  For the horde and may his soul rest easy.
Lok'tar Ogar, brother, and may the Earth Mother grant you rest.
My sincere condolences.

&#x200B;

Fuck cancer.
The light does not abandon its champions, Faction or no, may the light bask him in eternal glory, and his pain be over in the eternal dawn...

I can only hope he is in a better place now, a paradise fit for someone who has gone through so much.

So let it be known, Edelweiss, champion of the horde, champion of Azeroth, let them be known as the one who brought laughter and joy to your heart when they were there, and brings fond thoughts even when they are gone.
I'm sorry to hear of Ed's passing I saw him around from time to time on MG. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Even though I'm Alliance, I'm still a Paladin. He walks in the Light, he knows peace now. Heroes will never be forgotten. I grieve for you and your family.
He sounded like one of the good guys. Sorry for your loss.
We lost two heroes in a short time. Edelweiss and Saurfang. Forever peace be with his soul.
Often, with great games...I think about those who shared my experiences..saw the same sights, heard the same sounds, did the same quests...who are no longer of this earth. Who maybe logged off for the last time without knowing. Closed a game thinking they would continue that grand adventure. This happened with my best friend and Skyrim. I think how we are connected in that way..through the games we shared in common. I will remember this post when I play and ponder. Thank you for sharing. As a fellow Paladin...I pray many blessings upon you and your brothers lives.
*”Edelweiss, Edelweiss, every morning you greet me. Small and bright, clean and white, you look happy to me, to me...”*

*”Blossom of snow may you bloom and grow, bloom and grow forever!”*

*”Edelweiss, Edelweiss, bless my home-land forever...”* 

RIP bro. Anyone with a Sound of Music reference as their character name is cool in my book
Lok’tar my friend. Sorry for your loss.
I know it might be in vain, but have you tried reaching out to Blizz? They like to throw in memorials to people sometimes and they just might be able to do something special to remember him. Worth a shot anywho.
It sounds like he was more than just a player. But a part of the community. Sorry for your loss and may your brother rest in peace.
FOR THE HORDE!
May he Rest In Peace. Lok’tar.
Cancer really sucks. Lost my best friend to complications from his chemo and radiation just recently, and his cancer was *years* ago.

Hit me up if you need to talk about it. That's all I've found that helps me.
I’m so sorry man :( Lok’tar Ogar
His physical form may be gone but he lives on as long as you remember him. Not just the good memories but the bitter ones aswell. Remember him for who he was, not a watered down fantasy.
Sorry for your loss. My brother passed almost 10 years ago, he was huge into wow and got me into it. It still brings me a sort of peace when I log into his toon every now and then. Keep your head up.
Really sorry man.  Always remember that the impact he had on peoples' lives will live on forever.
Our condolences
see u in our next adventure friend \*salute\*
May he rest between the champions of the horde.

Lok’Tar Ogar, brother.
Lok’Tar Ogar brother.

Until you meet again.
Much respect to your brother. I’m sorry for you loss. 

“When you die it does not mean that you lose to cancer. You beat cancer how you live, why you live, and in the manner in which you live”. - Stuart Scott
Sorry for your loss man.

Lok'tar Ogar
That’s so fucking horrible man. I’m sorry.
I didn’t expect to cry opening reddit just now. Sorry for your loss brother
I'm sorry for your loss.

That was a nice thing to do for your friends.
I’m sorry for your loss.
Lok’tar Ogar.
His name is Edelweiss. Witnessed.
Lok'tar Ogar brother
Lok'Tar Ogar!
*Ding ding*
As a fellow Paladin, may the light guide him on his eternal journey, and comfort you in the hard times.
I'm very sorry for your loss.  I've known the pain of losing a sibling twice.  It's a very difficult thing to bear, at times it will drive you mad.  Try your best to carry on and be happy, it's what your brother would have wanted.  My best wishes to you and your family in this trying time.
Man, I just lost my mom and dad to a kid on meth. This hits home, I'm sorry man.
Sadly lost my father to stage 4 pancreatic cancer in 2015. Time does help. Every once in awhile I see something on tv and think “dad would love it”. It’s bittersweet. 

Try to remember their face, their voice and their laughter.
King’s honor, friend.
I thank you for letting his guild know. Too many times we see a player log off, expecting them to be there tomorrow but never to hear from them again. We are left wondering what happened. You have brought closure to so many people and I thank you greatly on their behalf.
I know this post is super old but bless the heart of your brother and you. I will remember Edelweiss the Paladin.
Rip.
May he walk with the Earth Mother.
I'm really sorry to hear man.  I know it's tough, VERY tough. I actually lost my dog today which meant the world to me. We'll get through it. God bless you man.
o7
F
God speed.
For the Horde brother!
RIP, remember all those great times you had with that guy and be happy you had those moments. And go back to them from time to time and remember the impact he had on you. Life’s crazy, I wish you and your family the best.
What a special game that we can mean so much to one another. That people who have never met your brother line up to send him off.

A girl I met in wow passed away last year after fighting with cancer for many years. It feels like it’s not fair and that’s because it isn’t.

Light bless you and your family, and remember when the darkness feels like it’s closing in the smallest ray of light can hold it back.

Don’t be afraid to reach out if you need someone to talk to.

I’m sorry for your loss.
My dad lost his battle to cancer last year. I took over his account after he passed. I never thought an account on an online game would ever mean so much or carry this much sentimental value. Cancer sucks
My son has cancer now so I feel some of your pain.   Nothing like going into your kids room just to make sure he is breathing. Sometimes I wake him up at night just to  make sure he is fine then tell him  " just covering you up buddy sorry to wake you". 


It just sucks so bad for anyone going through this mess....
I lost my boyfriend of almost 6 years to cancer last year. He introduced me to wow, and I miss him everyday. I bought him BoA, and he never even got a chance to play.
Lok'Tar Ogar.
FOR THE HORDE
In the light, we are one.

Condolences.
Lok'Tar Ogar.
Lok'tar Ogar, Paladin.
Sorry for your loss
So very sorry for your loss. Stay strong x
In the light, we are one
me and my best friend logged out at the exact same spot when we shipped off to boot camp. 

&#x200B;

Im sorry for your loss.
Lok'tar Ogar.
Im truly sorry for your loss friend. 

LOK'TAR OGAR!
Sorry for your loss.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Mein Beileid :<
Lok'tar Ogar! Your brother was a stable of the Horde! My condolences for you and your family. He goes with honor.
Death is only another beginning..
Sincere condolences to you and your family.  
He returned to the Light and I'm sure he got welcomed as the champion he has always been.
My condolences. I hope you and your family find peace. Lok’tar Ogar. Rest In Peace.
you know, that's nice but sad too, my condolences.....
Strength and honor.
Life really sucks :((
I am so sorry for yours and your families loss ❤ stay strong friend.
I’m sorry for your loss.
Al diel shala
I think its a lil corny in a way. But death really sucks even when it happens to strangers on the internet. I am sorry to hear this, losing family is seriously the worst feeling imaginable. Heres to hoping the after life is great and i hope everything else for you is great and gets better for you and your family, stranger.
Rest within the Light.
His name.... was Edelweiss, the Paladin.
Sorry for your loss buddy. What a tough thing.
We shall never see his likes again, may he rest in power for all eternity.
I’m so very sorry for your loss.

Lok’tar Ogar, champion!
In the light we are one.


Rest in peace, Edelweiss. :(
I am so sorry. Lots of love to you and your family.
The light never abandons its champions.
From a Moon Guard player to your brother, Lok'tar Ogar! I am sorry for your loss.
Im truly sorry for your loss, though evidence found here that sometimes the gaming community are simply ... awesome.

Fly with the eagles, Edelweiss the paladin. Fly my brother, fly.

KIA KAHA.
Oh let hope Serenity Now doesn't catch wind of this...

Sarcasm aside I lost my little brother in 2015, it sucks. I hide in glib humor or it will eat me up.
I love how he thought to give his guild a final message. Really goes to show how connected we can be online
Edelweiss, edelweiss
Every morning you greet me

Small and white
Clean and bright
You look happy to meet me

Blossom of snow
May you bloom and grow
Bloom and grow forever

Edelweiss, edelweiss
Bless my home-land forever

Small and white
Clean and bright
You look happy to meet me

Blossom of snow
May you bloom and grow
Bloom and grow forever

Edelweiss, edelweiss
Bless my home-land forever

May your brother find peace.
OP, sorry for your loss.

The rest of you- I don't play, came here from r/all. I don't get your references, but I'm touched by the sense of community at the loss of a stranger, but one of your own.

Good on you all.
Sorry for your loss and what a lovely way to say goodbye to both him in real life and in game.  
Farewall to your brother, may he rest in peace.  
Shorel'aran to Edelweiss.
I’m sorry for your loss. I too know how hard death from cancer can be on the loved ones left behind. 

Lok’Tar Ogar Champion. You’ve earned your warrior’s death.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Know that he is with you always.
F
F
Rip to your brother. 

Can undead be paladins now?
Lok’Tar Ogar
Respect.
Lok'Tar Ogar, may his soul rest with the light and may you, your family, and all those with whom his life impacted find comfort in time.
His name is after a Lovely Swiss flower, my grandma used to make cake with it actually, I miss it. A friend of mines grandma passed away recently, and her favorite song was called also, Edelweiss. They played it at her funeral. Hope your brother is at peace dancing in fields of Edelweiss (;
Rest easy my horde brother.
For the Horde. May his spirit rest amongst the greatest heroes of Azeroth
Rest in peace 😭
I've never played the game. May your brother and friend rest in peace.
I’m so so sorry for your loss... I also had to tell our guild about the loss of my own brother because there was a freak accident one day that took him way too soon.

I wish you and your family all the best in finding peace in his passing with time. Patience and surrounding yourself with love and memories will get you there. May his soul rest peacefully.
I made a good choice joining the WoW community, sorry for your loss, but to see this beautiful behaviour brings a tear to my eye.
Lok'tar Ogar
Lok'Tar Ogar
May he raid in heaven
Long live the memory of your brother. I've created Edélweiss on Silvermoon-US as a tribute.
Although I may be alliance, he was a fellow wow player. May he rest in peace.

My condolences go out to you and your family.
fuck cancer
My condolences. This is a lovely tribute to your brother.
Fuck the mod who had to look at this and go, ugh this needs labeled... "Fluff"
Did he play any other games? I remember seeing this name in some other mmos I played and I am wondering if that was him. I believe I saw it on a tank class as well.
All the strength to you and your family, his memory will live on.
May they sing lok'vadnod about his life, /u/darth_rubberduck.

Aka'magosh!
I don't follow the WoW life much at all (here from /all) but, all the best to you buddy, this seems like it would be a very hard thing to do especially only a couple days post-funeral. You already said goodbye once to him but now you've taken the burden of saying goodbye for him to his personal acquaintances. Takes guts and I'm sure your brother would have been ecstatic to know you did that for him.
The light never abandons its’ champions.

Best wishes to you and your family.
A battle isn’t won with cancer by a good prognosis or by the diagnosis of remission, it’s won by the spirit and nature of the one who’s afflicted
Fuck cancer.
I don’t know jack shit about this game and I’m only here because I saw it on the front page but it’s absolutely beautiful
May he rest in peace and with the knowledge of the full love of his family. May you remember him as as a good brother forever.
The biggest of GGs to your brother. Sorry you have to go through this. I raise my glass.
**F**or the Horde
He might be not the strongest player 
,But he is our strongest friend forever.
Lok'Tar Ogar
He didn't lose his battle, he fought it long and valiantly enough that he was permitted to go home to Valhalla with other warriors who fought a battle in their very bodies.

May he rest easy in the halls of the after life with comfort and peace, and I offer condolences for your loss.
While I've only had a brief WoW experience and am not really part of the WoW community. I was and still am mainly a Runescape player, nonetheless I feel for your loss OP.

May his soul enternally rest in peace. He fought the good fight! Honor to him!
I don’t know what it means but Tink Tink 💖
World of Warcraft Classic Announcement

Hello /r/all!  Welcome and feel free to join in the discussion (and the community!) but *[please take a quick look at our rules first.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/wiki/rules#wowbtn)*

Some of you may be wondering why this is significant and so highly upvoted, and I'll try to briefly explain:

World of Warcraft is very old, by videogame standards.  It was released in 2004.  And about every two years, Blizzard releases a new expansion to update the game.  Typically expansions don't really *replace* content, but it does *displace* it, and changes to mechanics and player abilities are indeed permanent and "retroactive".  And in 2010, the *Cataclysm* expansion DID actually replace the old content from the release game.

So for almost a decade, players have been asking for Blizzard to re-release the original "Vanilla" server and re-release earlier pre-Cataclysm expansions.  This has been a fairly large point of contention in the community, with many, many players playing on ~~"illegal"~~ [*unauthorized*](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/7aljfu/world_of_warcraft_classic_announcement/dpb8umm/) private servers that tend to get shutdown from time to time by Blizzard.  Blizzard, for their part, said they'd look into rebuilding Classic servers about a year or so ago, and it looks like they're finally delivering, with this announcement that significant resources are being put into development.

There's obviously more to the history of this topic than that, but hopefully that gets you started.

EDIT: To address the person who deleted their comment but had a fair point:

>Why is illegal in quotes? It's not really a grey area.

-

>>I mean, it's *certainly* a TOS violation, and they've used Cease & Desist for IP violations to (arguably rightfully) shut down private servers, but also, we're dealing with international laws between countries here, so that complicates it.

>>'Illegal' is certainly a convenient word to describe it, but sorta lacks the nuance to convey the situation.  I didn't really want to take the time to find the right word that would placate everyone though, so I just threw quotes around it and got the post out to address the fact that *we're currently the number one post on Reddit.*
Amazing. I can now ruin my 30's in the exact same way as I ruined my teens.
Just when I thought I'm out, they pull me back in 
This is not good for my career prospects
THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN BLIZZARD ACTUALLY DID IT. STRAIGHT FROM THE GUY WHO GAVE US, "YOU THINK YOU DO BUT YOU DON'T".
FETCH ME MY SUBSCRIPTION STRETCHER
Barrens chat... again :)
It took me a few seconds to get the ice cream bit, but when I got it my jaw fucking dropped.
Finally a server with good ping, and no fear of all of your progress being wiped. 
I just hope this brings the community aspect back to the game. No LFG or instances group finders please. This game needs to bring players together again. 
Father... Is it... over?

No private server shitstorm rules forever my son...
Congrats from everyone at /r/2007scape
[deleted]
[deleted]
The rewind all the way to the original wow trailer brought tears to my eyes.  I remember watching that trailer when I was 13 years old and then getting the game for Christmas and immediately rolling a hunter.  This. Is. Awesome. 
Finally i can play Vanilla with more than 256mb of ram, no more DCing 500 times just trying to do stuff in IF
ITS FUCKING HAPPENING!
Time to farm fire res gear again, to gear up for mc :D
I love that they had J. Allen Brack come out to do the announcement!
finally a retro server that won't get randomly shut down.  
Does thotbot.com still exist??? :P
The best part about vanilla WoW in my opinion is how much more slower paced it is compared to modern games. You could call it grindy, and it is, but that's not what's good about it. What's good is that since everything just takes so much longer to do you suddenly feel like you have time to do all this other stuff, like seeing if you can climb that hill over there, or stand around talking to your healer for 15 minutes as you wait for the rest of your group, or help your lower level guild mates to clear out a dungeon, or just some time to think, take in the nice scenery and then try to kill that pesky horde/alliance over there. It's just a very relaxing game a lot of the time. 

In modern games you always have a goal in sight, they don't give you time to breath, always new challenges and always new rewards. In the long run you get sort of numb to the constant rewards and just get more and more bored. 

I guess it's a matter of taste, but weirdly enough to me vanilla WoW actually feels really well paced. (obviously with some exceptions)

"End game" is another question though, that's just plain old grindy. Imo at least. 
Um... HOLY SHIT!
You think you do, but you don't.

Just kidding.  You do.
YOU THINK YOU DO, AND SO DO WE 

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I'm out of cum.
[deleted]
This really is 'You think you do, but you don't' guy's redemption arc huh
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
This is the one guys.  Please stop posting threads about this.

Please...  [I'm the only mod currently in the modqueue and drowning in Classic posts.](https://imgur.com/h95CRDk)
I'm here from r/2007scape

I'd like to say that, although I don't play World of Warcraft at all, I'm proud of Blizzard for finally making the right decision, rather than attempting to claim they "know people don't want that".

And I am glad that those with nostalgia for the vanilla version of the game finally get to enjoy it again.
LF3UBRS
Man, as soon as he mentioned ice cream I was like 

"This has to be a reference to van.... VANILLA!"

That said, I fucking hope they do it right. They have to limit mounts, transmog, titles, gold, LFD all that stuff.
This is great! Not because I'll be playing vanilla but because it gives me hope for a WotLK one which I'd play the hell out of 
TARREN MILL IS UNDER ATTACK!
I've been playing Vanilla WoW private servers for over 5 years. It's my favorite game ever created. So this is by far the biggest and best announcement I could have ever imagined. Blizzard, you will have my money and my loyalty again.
You think you do, but you don't ;)

At least they can admit when they're wrong.
When I opened reddit and saw this on the frontpage, I thought it was some fan made video, like the AQ cinematic one. 10 seconds into the video I realized what was happening and almost fell off my chair. 
Gave up on WoW a long time ago. This 10000000% has me back as a player. Holy shit, so excited. I started playing right as vanilla ended so it's like new content for me.
Honestly makes too much sense for them not to do it. There’s a ton of old content for people to spend time on and I doubt making this happen comes close to the resources required for a whole expansion.

I assume there is still an expansion announcement to come? Regardless Classic will definitely ease any content drought in between.
Hold my Judgment set, I'm going in.
https://imgur.com/a/AjTkE

Pretty much how I'm feeling atm.
THANK GOD I DONT HAVE TO PLAY ON PRIVATE SHIT SERVERS ANYMORE!
I'm just posting so that my grandkids know I was here when it happened.

Who am I kidding, I'm not having grandkids because I'm too busy PLAYING THIS.
I don't care how they run it content wise and QoLwise outside of a few things, but the core things they need to bring back:

SLOW leveling. It took me 2.5 months of nolife play to get to 60.

Content/gear exclusivity. No more LFR, no more LFG, want to run something and see content? Find a group or guild manually. Also when you see a person in tier 1 or 2 or 3, you should be in awe.   
Also to expand on this, no more making the old content useless once new content arrives. If you want to run Naxx, you need to run AQ40, want to run that? You need to run BWL/AQ 20. Want to run that? You need to run MC. Want to run that? You need to run ZG. Want to run that? You need to run UBRS, etc etc.

Rekindle server communities. No more cross realm PvE or PvP. I should be able to recognize prominent players on my server. I remember in vanilla a tauren warrior, whos name is on the tip of my tongue, that whenever I saw that person on the opposing team I knew I was fucked. I was also aware of all the top guilds on my server and had respect whenever I saw their tags.

I am sure there is more, but I am hungry.
So we finally get our WoW killer.... and it's WoW.
Truly the dankest timeline
I choose this one. 

They actually did it, the madmen.

EDIT: Yay i chose correctly!
I'm actually more excited for this than the next expansion.
WoW stole my early 20s and now its back to steal my early 30s.......and im totally okay with it 
WHY WOULD BLIZZARD DO THIS TO ME I JUST GOT ENGAGED
All I need to know is, where is Mankrik's wife? 
Shockadin, here i come
Time to break out the crusty ["Joana'as 1-60 leveling guide"](http://www.joanasworld.com/azeroth.htm)
DADDY BLIZZARD HOLY SHIT
My dick has never been harder looking at a male dwarf. 
[deleted]
I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT! 
/r/2007scape sends its love and congratulations. We hope you have as enjoyable a run as we have so far. It's been a long road and you guys deserve this. 
OH MY FUCKING GOD YES! YES! YES!
This is fucking amazing.
Oh boy 3-day AV battles here I come...back.
Motherfucker, I *just* beat my addiction.
Posting here just so blizz sees how many people want this. This is the first time in years that I’ve paid any attention to WoW news.

Amazing - can not wait :)
Someone get Leroy on the phone!
This is too big... it's like the biggest news of my life, 25 years, not even really exaggerating. Fucking well played, Blizzard.
I AM SO. FUCKIN. READY.
ITT and others: People bitching that WoW Classic is a thing cause 'it takes away from the main game'. I don't know what to tell you, these are the same people who would bitch about pet battles being a thing cause 'its useless and takes away from the main game'. 

It's not a strict either and or situation. Blizzard is perfectly talented at recognizing and managing their time and resources as seen fit as they have *successfully managed WoW and its growing list of features over the past 10+ years*. I highly doubt they would remove an entire raid tier over a side offering.

Settle down. You'll get the same amount of Legion content in Battle for Azeroth and you won't even notice a difference. I swear all the opposition to legacy servers is just fueled from blind selfishness more than anything. 
I can't wait for people to cry that they had to grind yeti's in winterspring because they ran out of quests that give exp.
I AM TEARING UP IN CLASS. AND THERE IS TO MANY COMMENTS FOR ANYONE TO SEE THIS
Well they finally managed to bring me back. 
This can go very good for very bad.  They need to leave it hard like it was.  They need to leave all the nice features we have out of the classic.  Like take the final patch of Vanilla and leave it there.  People will complain it is too hard, but that is the vanilla they wanted.  No raid finder, or group finder for that matter.  40 people needing to be geared to the teeth and on at the same time in order to even think about downing a boss.  It needs to stay hard.

Please Blizzard, leave it as hard as it was back in Vanilla without any cushy things we have today.
* Tauren Mill is under attack.
* Tauren Mill is under attack.
* Tauren Mill is under attack.
[deleted]
HOLY WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT FUCK WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Blizzard-2015: we are losing subs... how about we give people what they asked for in a while? Hey, have some Demon Hunters and fight against legion!  

Blizzard-2017: hey that thing about listening to what people asking kinda of worked... so why not vanilla wow?  
Barrens chat is back on the menu boys 
It was as if thousands of voices suddenly died out, as the world or private servers fell by the way side.

And then millions of voices joined in celebration, as Blizzard finally gave the world what they ha been asking for. 
I'm so happy I'm going to comment saying so even though no one will ever read it.
I like how this thread has 3x times as many responses as the expansion

But what i like the most, is how the classic trailer just reverses all that *shit* for the past 10 some years, and you just see the classic Dwarf with his pet, in the mountains
I finally stopped MMO’s and got into real life sports. God damnit blizzard. Back to Mountain Dew and mountains of pasta. Goodbye sunlight. Goodbye friends. Hello darkness my old friend!
[deleted]
Y O U T H I N K Y O U D O B U T Y O U D O N T
KJFAJSFLKAHJFLSAKJFSA
I feel God in this sub tonight.
When World of Warcraft was originally released, I was 14 years old. I used to read every news about the game, reviews, opinions, my parents never wanted to pay for prepaid and considered playing video games "stupid". So I played justr a little on private realms and literally DREAMED about retail. I eventually bought WoW + TBC in 2008, when I was 18, but I always had a feeling that I missed something. I fucked around till WotLK and quit because Dungeon Finder and xrealm killed the feeling of unity on realms.  

Today my dreams come true, I will play World of Warcraft Classic as an adult, for my own money, nobody will tell me how I need to live my life. I am coming home. I will play this till the day I die.
IS THIS REAL LIFE???????????
Some folks in this thread missed the ice cream analogy. Some people like vanilla...you might not, what is so hard to understand about that? Why such negativity for more content?

I am hyped for this and the new expansion.
[deleted]
Wow, that was really unexpected. Extremely excited to see what they're working on precisely (just bog standard vanilla, or improvements like balancing for all the useless specs, etc.)
"You think you do, but you don't"
We need details!
MOOOOMMM, BATHROOM!
THE MADMEN ARE ACTUALLY DOING IT
Hahaha, all you Zerg the instance types are going to be in for a rude awakening 
[removed]
So back to sitting in Orgrimmar for 2 hours looking for a prot warrior? And fuck vanilla Barrens.
I haven't played a second of WoW, would this be a fun place to jump in?
As someone about to turn 50, now with a life and career, I may just resub to play what cost me so much time in my shiftless early adulthood. Vanilla WoW... how I have missed thee.
This news has me so happy, I loved WoW up until Cata, stuck around to end of MoP and have hardly played since. Community was so important to me and I hated all the cross realm, queuing things that have been added.

I just hope Blizz make it blizzlike and not have LFD or LFR etc

Now...what class to play?
There's so much butthurt on the WoW forums, how can people be against this?

The private community is massive because we have no real way of playing Vanilla or TBC or WOTLK.

That's a huge influx of players that will return to blizzard.
All these damn haters acting like this is the only version of the game that will be available. Heaven forbid people enjoy something you don't. Get a fucking grip.
SOUND THE ALARM THIS IS NOT A DRILL

Please for the love of fuck leave it exactly how it was and don't add a fucking ounce of the modern games mechanics or anything to the game. 
I have not played WoW in nearly 10 years.  This announcement has brought back some good memories.
I've watch this about 20 times now and I still get goosies ._.
HOLY FUCKIN SHIT
I never played WOW in my life. Is WOW classic a good time to start? 
Yesterday, after a long battle with cancer, one of the officer in my guild passed away. We paid homage to him. Because this isn't "just a game", we play with real people, and make real friends. Goodbye Attacus.

Sorry for your loss.

A member of my guild passed away earlier this year and we held a memorial for her at Elwynn Falls (The exploding sheep farm), which was her favorite in game area. I believe her main character is now eternally logged out there.
My lifelong real life friend and WoW brother unexpectedly passed away on Sept 10th. This expansion has been so hard for me because I know how much he would have enjoyed it and he was so excited about it. I feel your pain here :( I miss him in RL and in Azeroth
After my wife passed away in January my guildies gave me everything that dropped in my first raid back. The purples didn't ease the pain but knowing there were people out there who cared even though we had never met sure did. WoW friendships are real and sometimes an online connection can mean the world. 

I hope your friend is resting in peace and you guys are part of the light that carries their memory into the future.

Edit: Thank you guys for the kind words and the awards. I have never received one before and it means a lot. The wow community is truly one of the best ones out there even if it doesn't always look like it in the forums. It's been a hard year but I've met some wonderful people this year that help motivate me to keep going. Much love and thank you again.
Damn that really sucks. I hope you and your guild are doing alright. 

Also, don't let anyone tell you it's just a game, it's a wonderful thing that we live in a time where we can intimately connect to people we've never actually seen in real life. 

Sometimes, the friends we make in this game are better than the ones we make in real life.
Just started playing WoW again and I'm glad the community is as strong as it was before. May your officer rest in peace, but your friendship and love continue strong.
Thank you everyone from the deep bottom of our heart.

We all feel overwhelmed by the love this community is showing us, like an enormous azeroth hug.

Sharing those feelings and those moments with you all is an honor and we deeply appreciate every single comment, award, upvote and downvote.  
WoW is this, it is you, me, us, and will always be a second home to me.

For the Alliance, for the Horde, for all the people we love!

p.s. i tried my best to answer to every single comment but you are so many, and even if i'm reading every single of you this have been a long day and i must take a rest. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Best wishes to you and your guild. Sucks losing a guild mate because they are most definitely like another family when you get in the right guild.
My boy Granstiff of Alleria was murdered along with his pops, shit, almost a decade has gone by now.

It’s not just a game, I hadn’t talked to him or any of the gang we rolled with in a few years when I get a random Facebook message asking if I was <x> and then proceeded to inform me of what happened.

There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t think of him for real, he was a super talented and intelligent person and I was incredibly fortunate to have been able to share a piece of his life before it was cut short.

Peace and love.

Edit: also to add, I’m a stoner and I feel horrible for forgetting about her but you talk about a serious light in this world. I was in a guild on Alleria called <Worgenz in Teh Woodz> formerly <Lunar Chaos> - this guild absolutely shaped me and in a sense was like a guild of older siblings. They taught me life lessons, and one even inspired me to pursue a career in the Air Force. Along the way I met a very kind hearted person by the name of Sihar, a night-elf hunter, and she raised with her husband who I can’t remember rn because it’s been so long, but I just remember her having her daughter and constantly hearing her over ventrilo, Sihar unfortunately passed away a few years ago, but I will not EVER forget the time we got I think, server 2nd back in WoTLK dungeon achievement for the red-proto drake.
[removed]
I've been raiding with my current guild for nearly 5 years , I've known lots of the people I raid with longer than many people I know in person. People that say "it's just a game" are, in my opinion naive to how sociable playing games is. I think it was really nice of you all to get together to remember them. My condolences are with you and your guildies and I wish you all the best
May he rest in peace. I haven't played since the end of BFA and i miss my guild so much sometimes. The people, the conversation, they helped me trough my lonely days and depression. Keep him in your mind and hearts and cherish the memories.
In the Light, we are one.

I'm sorry for your loss.
Fuck cancer!
I am so sorry for your loss. You will all carry his memory, and in that way, he will live on. What is your favorite memory with them?
Good choice not telling Serenity Now.
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
I made a new friend in wow this year named Ruin and we played everyday together for a month. The last day I spoke with him he was sick with covid and could be heard coughing heavily. This was 2 weeks before Shadowlands came out. he was so excited for the new expansion but a month and a half have gone by and he hasnt logged on since. I dont know if he is dead. I havnt received any replys from discord messages either. It keeps me up at night cus I know I may never know what really happened. We were still newish friends and hadnt shared real names yet. I hope something else has just kept him away but I have awful knot in my stomach.
Hope y’all are doing well. May Attacus Rest In Peace.
This always reminds me of the first friend I made in WoW. He was a Death Knight back in wrath that helped run me through a bunch of instances and stuff. One day he told me that he had cancer. A few weeks later was the last time he was ever online. I’m always hoping that he just stopped playing the game, but knowing him I doubt that is what happened. RIP friend.
Back when I raided in The Burning Crusade, one of our officers had a terminal disease that had been hanging over her head for years. So one day we were raiding Serpentshrine... And the next day by invite time she had passed. Everyone showed up, and it was a somber raid.. wouldnt trade the memories for anything. May your guildie rest in peace
I stopped playing wow since 2012 but never in my life i thought of it as just a game , wow for me was the ultimate sanctuary and escape. This may upset some people but it used to be more than what it is now , it use to be about the people, rip attacus , rip reckfull
Fuck Cancer
RIP. Special guilds full of special people are hard to find. You're right, we play with real people and make real connections. Good luck to you and your guild moving forwards.
Thank you for this, I am grateful people can Create bonds even though we are miles apart. Thank you!
Our guilds become our families.  When one passes into the great beyond we all mourn in our ways. 

Some of the family memories I will always carry with me:

When my wife and I got married our guild members threw a WoW version of our norse wedding.

When the pandemic first hit and one of our family members couldn't get diapers in australia, alot of us sent him and his wife diapers Fedex. 

We've welcomed two new "raiders" into the world / guild on their birthdays.

We've laid one to rest and welcomed his son into the guild on his account.


To some we are wierd, to others their link to the world.  Go forth for the alliance or the horde and build your families :)
/salute
Elune be with you, thank you for sharing this beautiful moment and reminding us that the bonds of friendship will never be broken.
I had a hunter I wanted to faction transfer.  I hadn't played him since the start of legion. I logged in and he was in a pretty dead guild. By chance I saw the guild message and it was about the guild master battling cancer. He hadn't been logged in for some months. For the next week I logged in every day to see if the gm ever came back. Then I sent him some mail telling him I hope he gets better. I did this every so often. It was 1 year and 8 months that I logged in and seen him online. He had made it even though he thought he was going to die a couple times.

I told him I was glad to see he made it then I finally did that faction transfer.
Sorry for your loss. More reason for us to get the Shadowlands back in order, so that his toon may find peace there.
This is what people who don’t play video games can’t understand. The community. The people. The gameplay. I live for playing with my friends because i know the people i play my favorite games with are the people who show up time after time. I am sorry to hear about your friend :( but What y’all did for him is something i bet he would never forget
o7  rest easy and fight in the next battle brother
Rest in peace, brother
F
See you Atta!!! ♥️
I’m really sorry. This game keeps most of us alive in a time like this. I hope you all get through this.
Sorry for you loss. It's strange when an online friend passes.

I lost a friend to a random seizure one night in the late 90s. Of course the internet was far from what it is today. He was a friend from an online forum I frequented. Never met him or knew his family or anything but it was a tight community and we chatted about our lives and problems and passions and whatnot. One day someone realized he hadn't been on in a while but this was all before real social media and stuff. A little while later we saw a post from him and our hearts sunk. It was his sister. He was suffered a seizure one night and was gone. He had talked to her about the forum and she had thought to let us know. It was heartbreaking and weird. I had known the guys for a couple years but never met him or his family but the loss was real and hard to communicate to people. I still think about him sometimes. 

RIP Dickeye Dave
“The Light Never Abandons its Champions” 

My condolences
May his eternity in the Shadowlands be a fulfilling one!
Some of the coolest people and most memorable friendships I've ever had came from WoW. It's weird how you sometimes only ever know what someone looks like through their character, but still consider them some of your closest friends.
RIP my dude <3
Tink tink
I personally think it's beautiful. Hoping both yourself and your guildies will support each other during this time. It's really hard to lose a friend, no matter is that's a game friend, work friend or anything else.

I've just had a flashback, I can remember when a few months ago a famous streamer commited a suicide. I was still relatively new to WoW. My husband took me to the place (2 places actually, one for Alliance and one for Horde) when people just wanted to show the tribute to him. It was thousands and thousands of people gathering together in memory of this guy. I can remember I ended up crying. I googled his story afterwards and it was such an awful death. It's very sad, but beautiful at the same time when people do such things in memory of someone.
Rest in peace, Attacus.
Sorry for your loss.
I’m sorry for your loss friend. WoW is a magical place and magical friendships are made there.
Ugh I’m so sorry for your loss. Guildies feel like family. I lost a friend a few years ago to suicide and I still can’t bare to remove his name from RID.
[deleted]
My Condolences ! 
May he be up there enjoying the Game until the Day comes when the Guild is reunited again ❤
/kneel
/s Rest in Peace Attacus
I miss the wow community. Seems like whenever I come back recently it’s hard to mingle with people. Sorry for your guilds loss. Fuck Cancer!
F
F.
May he find rest and a better life in where he is now. RIP friend.
/hug
Rest easy brother
Our 2and tank died a bit over 2 years ago . He was only 18 at the time and he knew for years that he would die young .  I still miss him and even now writing this I can feel tears near the surface . He was a great guy and I am so glad I met him in rl before he passed away .

I love and care a lot for my guild member,  and I'm very glad that all of them got though 2020 



You have my deepest sympathy and condolences
A beautiful way to pay homage to a fallen warrior. (not class but a person). And to unite and congregate at the Lion's Rest like that to pay homage to your fallen officer , heightens the true meaning of friendship, both in-game and in the real world.

To the fallen guildie: May you rest in peace. And for the guild-mates: May you find peace and friendship in a world that is plagued from everything, and know that doing this will make our world a better place to live in.
Condolences on your friend passing. We had an officer in my guild on SWG that passed and we built statues and had a service that his mom and sister watched online.
I’m sorry for your loss. Playing for so many years I’ve seen a lot of people come and go as well. It’s amazing the characters you meet. Attacus must have been one of those amazing people.
[deleted]
:'( - rest in peace - a good time up there. <3
My condolences.

We lost a guildie earlier this year to suicide. I was new joiner at the time but, it hurt everyone for a while. Those that were close did their best to go to the wake. It's never easy,

We spend a lot of time together we get to know each other. We give a shit about each other. And some guilds are decades old at this point. Becoming literal family. Husband's and wives, children growing up besides their parents in a game they met other in.

Again, I'm sorry for your loss.
This is when gaming means more than hitting buttons behind a screen.
2020 Should be an end boss we all get to kill.
When in comes to player community, WoW is hands down one of the GOATs 🐐. My condolences to you and  your fellow guildies 🙏🏾.
I was playing another RPG on console . My son of 3 weeks old caught the flu and then got RSV. I was a mess. My wife took the little one to the ER/ IC unit and I had to take the oldest to school and pretend nothing was wrong. Didn’t want him to catch on that the youngest caught it from  the oldest son. My guildies kept me busy raiding and dungeoning, kept my mind of it while I was home holding it down. Bless the guilds that care like their own  are their own family. Thanks mmorpg families across all platforms.
I raise my controller and salute
My condolences to you, your guild and the family and friends of the deceased.  


Hopefully he will be looking down from whatever good place you believe in and help all of your guilds loot to be purple.
This is what guilds should be really about. Lots of respect to y'all and my condolences
I miss playing, my wife and I used to play we'd have WoW date nights haha but kids, lack of time and decent computers have stopped us. 2021 might be the year we get back on! I hope!
F
[deleted]
It's good that there is a place in-game to have these services. There is also a player graveyard in Eve, in the Molea system. Goons desecrated it once. Grr, goons. There's been a lot of funerals in MMOs since the plague, but also just as we all get older. Both WoW and Eve are over 16 years old now; players have got married and had kids who joined their guild/corp. Life happens. And then it ends.
I’m not crying your crying....
I think that’s the spirit that wow has done for a lot of us. Especially long time vanilla/BC gamers is we met people when MMOs were still “fairly” new. 

Now I think younger gamers take it for granted. (My opinion) I have friends that I’ve bonded with since I started in 2007, even saving one from suicide. I lived in Texas at that time and he in New Jersey. He may have died without me being a fellow guild member. 

Games bring us together, more than normies think.
We had a guild mate die of a brain tumour, when he didn't show up to raid his daughter told us the news. All of us bought Lil rag (he died during rag prog) and named it after him.
I wish they made a tomb for our lost players
I am so sorry for your loss. As someone who’s never played before- and I hope this doesn’t come across as insensitive -how are memorials possible in game? This set up is beautiful and genuinely touching. I’m just confused/glad that there is even a place to properly have one. Like the stone casket and everything. Is this commonplace in WoW?

Again, I cannot stress enough how sorry I am for what you’re going through. This tribute is beautiful.

Edits: spelling/grammar
How do u avoid people trolling
Sorry for your loss! It is important to remember your friends, both online and IRL.
[deleted]
Rest In Peace warrior of Azeroth
Sorry for your loss. Any person would be lucky to missed as much as you all have shown.
Wow has never been “just a game” I’m still running with guild mates from 15 years ago. People who I raided with when I was just in 6th grade and now hear their kids talking in discord. We were going to have our first guild meet up this year before COVID happened. 
My condolences for your loss. It’s more than friendship, it’s a guildmate.
This is beautiful
This happens much too often, 2 friends I had in games, friends that I never personally met have died.  One day you log on and they are just not there.  I feel your pain. 
Carry On My Wayward Son.
Your comment about WoW being more than a game is 100% correct. My two best friends, my groomsman and best man I met in WoW, my wife I met in WoW and she is my soul mate and the child we have whom I love more than anything on this earth I would not have if not for WoW. 

It IS more than a game, the respect and love your guild paid to your fallen comrade is another prime example. 

I’m sorry for your loss, but relieved his pain is ended. Y’all take care.
This is so awesome on many different levels. Yes, the world is virtual. But the people. The people are REAL. 

Rest In Peace brother
God bless your guild, rest easy Attacus.
Sorry for your loss.
Years ago I played. Someone on server took their own life and everyone, alliance and horde, took part in a memorial.

When you play as much as we all did you tend to spend a lot of time together and build those bonds.

Sorry for your loss.
Rest  in peace to a fallen brother.
The bonds we build and share in game can be unlike any other. Ive met some of my now best friends in this game. Im sorry for your loss. To Attacus! The struggle is no more, but the memory of joy lives on.
I'm sorry for your loss. The first guild I ever joined was a very small guild with all Belgian players. I made some friends there and we even met in real life. We sort of lost touch over the years though. We had an awesome guildleader at the time who just became a father. He died to cancer only half a year later orso.

I still think think about him from time to time eventhough it's been over a decade.
This hits me hard as myself, husband, and my guild leaders(B) husband(O) all are not doing well with out health. 

All of us are in our thirties, some closer to 40 now. 

O is in constant pain and we aren't sure how much longer he has. 

My condition recently worsened and I may die at any time from an attack. 

My husband has a medical issue we can't get looked at until insurance kicks in, but we know it'll require surgery(it's internal and so bad it's clearly changing the shape of his torso) 

We are family in this guild and have known each other for over a decade. I brought my firstborn across the US to meet B and O years ago.

I'm scared sad and this made me cry. I am happy there are other guilds as close as ours
My guild on Earthen Ring has an annual memorial ceremony at the Shrine of the Fallen Warrior.  It is a big event, we open the voice channels so that everyone who has something to say or someone to remember may speak up.  It has really helped me after losing 4 close friends in the last 5 years, all of whom I played WoW with at one point or another.
Very sorry for your loss.
This is heartbreaking. I used to have very tight knit group of friends that I played Destiny with, I haven't played with them in years and every once in a while I get a message from one of them saying hi, UGH I DON'T WANT TO GET OLD!
Sorry for your loss man, and you're absolutely right, the game may be fictional but our connections aren't. Two years ago our GL died and at the time of the in-game funeral I was traveling in Sweden. Because of the time difference the funeral was at 2am in Stockholm, but I still logged on tethered to some prepaid 3G to make sure I was there.
I gotta say, I see a lot of people gather around for when someone passes in their guild and it’s so cool to see the respect they people have for one another in this game.  RIP bud.
I don't play WoW, but I play other online games so I know what it's like to get attached to people you met on them. One thing I have learned is that friends are friends no matter where you make them.

Online friendships aren't any less meaningful or less real than in-person ones. In fact I think they're more genuine due to the fact that you get to know someone without the typical constraints and worries of social anxiety and self-consciousness. You get to spend time with someone and know their interests, their hobbies, their personalities, and their heart.

It's *not just a game*. And I think you should take pride and comfort knowing that he knew how much he meant to all of you. You all seem like an amazing guild. I'm sorry for your loss.
these stories kill me.   
these connections are much more grand then the medium we make them in. Im so sorry for your loss.   


To attacus
I’ve traveled across the country and met friends and made incredibly fond memories because of the way WoW social ecosystem works. When Pandaria and Cata hit and really nerf hammered the social dynamic I left. I still have my friends who’ve done the same but one day I know we will find ourselves within Azeroth again. Condolences to you and your community of friends. 

I want to share a feeling I reminisce on often. It’s this time of year, family is around for Christmas and I’m back and forth to my computer taking part in the IRL festivities and Winter Veil. Dueling with friends in front of Org, jumping tirelessly across Orgs bank in VoS. Popping vg queues and having a blast all while the warm sun beams through the window to warm my feet. I can hear family laughing in the background while I am at my desk, a cousin over my shoulder intrigued at the first sight of WoW and the vastness it offers/offered ((this memory is mid to late BC around the time of WoTLK launch if I remember right) it was shortly after singing 80 in Wrath that I met friends who would become IRL friends))

It’s because of the friendships like those between yourself and you guild ones and the handful who manage to become even closer that make the game so much more than one can describe to someone who hasn’t immersed in it before and I offer my sincerest thoughts of comfort for all of you. Here’s to a brighter future.

Cheers.
I have never met thee, and neither have I ever played WoW, but as a long time gamer, I know that the people you meet online can become more than just strangers.  They can become good friends and family.

Rest in Piece Attacus.  May you have many glorious adventures and experiences in whatever awaits us beyond this life.
my favorite experience is meeting up with 3 wow friends in zion national park to go hiking for a weekend.  we had played for 6 hours a night running m+ for months and finally things worked out and it was like we had met in rl before because we knew eachother so well

one flew from Canada, another from Vegas, one from California and another from ohio
Damn. My condolences. 
I hope we can continue to break the stigma of online friends and gaming.
Friendship regardless of how it became is still a friendship thats very real. I have made many friends online that I'm still friends with many years later.
Damnit. I want my free award back for this post. RIP attacus!
I met my boyfriend on WoW and moved half way across the country to be with him. Because of WoW I have met so many cool people all over the world
16 years on this game; made a lot of friends and lost a few on the way too but somehow WoW brings us back together at least for a little while every xpac.  All that to say cherish your friends and loved ones during our time in Azeroth and until we meet again in the Shadowlands.
Aw man, this warms and saddens my heart at the same time, is every one taking a knee? Powerful. Man, sorry for your lost . God bless y’all for doing this :}
Dear OP, 
I hope this doesnt get lost in the reddit sea. I absolutely love that your guild chose to honor your guildie. I completely agree with you that it isnt "just a game". you build real friendships which means you lost a real friend. i hope time helps you heal like it has for many of us in this long life journey.
Don’t play WOW but always respected this part of the community. RIP
May he rest in peace. What a wonderful tribute.
I have never played WoW, but over at Destiny, we Guardians form similar bonds with each other.  So we know how awful this can feel.

Respect and condolences from allies from another world.  May we all walk in the light again.
This is a nice day for a funeral.
My deepest condolences to you and your guild.
I'm sorry for your loss. Im newer to my guild, only been with them for a couple years, but most of them have been together since vanilla and the whole guild is super tight. It would hit us hard if we lost someone like this.
Beautiful
My condolences. RIP.
I need to stop cutting onions while scrolling reddit. Sorry for your loss fellow wow player <3
Wait, what server is this? I think I played with Attacus back in WotLK.
I've been playing wow pretty much constantly (couple of burn out breaks) since vanilla. Made loads of friends, had irl guild meets with people coming to Britain from Sweden, Norway and Greece. I'm still in contact with people who stopped playing wow, including my first friend therag who played a pally alongside me from verigans fist class q right up to raiding bwl back in the days where I had no clue what I was doing.

We also lost a guild leader (rip fearne, gone but always remembered). Sorry for your loss and I wish you and your guild well for shadowlands.
R.I.P. Attacus.
To be fair World of Warcraft IS “just a game”, but it’s a game that alters reality when you play it. You get sucked into an alternate online world. May your friend Rest In Peace and his soul continue to own Scrubnubs where ever he might go!
Sorry for your loss, and Godspeed to Attacus.
Who's cutting onions in here?
Goodbye my friend.. u will sure miss me with your awesome Florentine's steaks.
RIP, fuck cancer
Sorry for your guilds loss. It's always sad to hear about a friend or loved one passing. I wish you guys the best.
Rip good sir.
Im so sorry for ur loss, may he rest peacefully😔
F
Sorry for your loss. RIP Attacus.
Beautiful.
Fuck Cancer
So sorry for your loss. I’d agree it isn’t just a game. I’ve made friends online that I’ve never met in person but we’ve been friends for years and years. Losing them still hurts the same as someone you see everyday.
This is beautiful.
WoW, is not like any other game where your connections with people last only up to 40 minutes without talking. You build a friendship and connection with the people you group together with for multiple hours each week if you raid that can last for years and for some people already 15+ years. I've met some wonderful people and had guild members that felt like I had a second family where you could talk with about anything. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
My condolences to you and your guild mates.
Condolences. Where in the game is this? I wanna go there and pay my respects because why not.
RIP
Yeah this is real for sure. Sorry for your loss. It will sting to play for awhile as you adjust to his strengths missing. Very cool way to honor them! Hope you all stay strong!
Fuck cancer
I lost an amazing friend a few years back, we met playing WoW, got together IRL for guild meet ups and went to various theme parks etc. Got a call from another guild member who had my phone number whilst I was at work, apparently my friend went to the toilet mid dungeon and simply never came back. His wife told us he had a massive heart attack and passed away almost immediately. Nothing had ever hit me like that before, the air was taken out of the room and I couldn't help but break down.

I'm sorry for your loss, its always about more than just a game you play. Remembering those who have passed with happy memories is the greatest tribute you can give.
sorry for your loss
As a fellow Atticus (Addicus) misspeller

o7 farewell brother
Looking back at wow, it will always feel like another life I lived, and friendships there felt as real as the ones afk.

Gilgames, a gnome warlock will raise his glass for the hero Attacus and all his adventures in Azeroth and beyond.
I'm so very sorry for the guilds and their family's loss. Fuck cancer. We lost my brother in law to a 9 month battle in September. If it wasn't for my friends from wow, or the other two online non wow friends, I don't think my husband and I would have done so well. I hope that you guys are able to keep their memory alive, and that you can all bring some measure of comfort to their family and each other.
This is awesome. I mean, not the passing away obviously. But that your guild is such a big community of people that stand together.
I can just hope our small guild grows one day into such a great bunch if people.
I lost my own guild master to cancer almost 3 years ago now. I was her only other officer and... It still hurts. I had been debating flying over to see her, but I would have arrived the day before she passed. I still miss her.
Rest In Peace 😔
Rest in peace Attacus.
Sorry for your loss.
F
Didn't know I needed to be sad right now but turns out I do
That’s pretty cool that they did this.
Doesn't matter how you meet people they still become family.
F
I'm not a gamer but this is a wonderful tribute. I'm so sorry for your loss.
RIP.
Very nice!
Respect!
Weird to see this as most players I encountered in WOW were really toxic.
F
Respect
I am sorry for your loss. Friends are everything.
I stopped playing wow a few years ago but I am glad I came across this post today! Literally brings tears to my eyes that everyone here took the time to honor their guild mate in game. I hope you all have a good new year and may 2021 bring us all a better year, full circle.
Wow
Sorry for your lost. May Attacus RIP.
F
I'm sorry for your loss, losing people is the worst, and it's amazing how close you can become with people through the Internet, closer than a lot of people think
o7
My condolences fellow gamer.
condolences on your loss. what a lovely tribute.
It’s always more than a game when you make it so.

F
I played bf1 in a little community league. One of the players on another team passed away in the line of duty and that team held a tournament in his honor and raised something around $1000 for his family. It was dope seeing a huge community come together like that. Video games are totally more than just games man.
Stuff like this definitely keeps me playing the game. Swapped factions and started a bee main and couldn’t be happier with the server community. Helpful people now and great friendships being made easily. 

I love hearing people getting invested in a game that’s been around so long. Such a cool thing happening when society is losing its mind outside.
I didn't know him, but my condolences and may he rest in peace.
I wish I could find a guild that is even 1% as close as this.

RIP Attacus.
 /salute
Goodbye Attacus, may the shadowlands treat you well.
Lovely 🤗🥰
Bro, that world ain’t real, but the people behind those characters sure as hell are,
RIP
Very sorry for your loss. A lot of people think these MMOs are “just a game” but it’s not like a Saturday night playing CoD. You build real, lasting relationships with the people in your guild/community. You get invested in their lives and they in yours.

I never played much WoW but I had an amazing EQ guild with people I became very close with. I’d be crushed to learn of one of them passing and would be touched to see everyone come together in support like this.
We humans can make a community anywhere. We are wonderful caring, social creatures.

RIP Attacus
I'm deeply sorry for your loss. 

Sometimes my own family doesn't understand why I care so much about people I play with and, dude, I'm unable to explain to them how strong are the bonds I've made with many players I've met across the time I've been playing.

My Christmas was hell and the only thing that cheered me up was the messages I got from my rp partner, my guildies and friends from different places. People I met playing WoW, League, Overwatch, etc that I've known for more than five years.

I really hope you and your guildies/friends overcome this loss. Al diel shala, Attacus, may the Light guide your soul to a happy, eternal rest.
o7
Rest in peace Attacus. I know how real those friendships are...
No Horde players trolling? Amazed. RIP to Attacus!
Rest in peace, you were loved.
/salute
F
Where is this location? It's beautiful.
May not have been part of your Experience, but Attacus shall forever be remembered.
F
I don't play Wow anymore but my uncle was an avid player and when he died from an accident, some of his guild friends that he knew from across the country came to his funeral.

I don't know what went down in game but I can see his friends doing something to remember him.
Damn.  Hell of a sendoff.
This is actually super sad holy shit
No joke, I found out a few months ago that a girl I used to play with died in a car crash. Despite the fact that we weren't really in contact anymore, I was crushed. I had wanted her to go on living happily, and date that guy from our guild that she liked, and instead she was just gone. That's hard.
Someone link the video of a group raiding a WoW funeral.
F
I’m not crying you’re crying :’( 

May your friends soul Rest In Peace & thank you for sharing this. This is humanity at its best.
I'm sorry for your loss. I'm glad he was important to so many people. Whether we say it or not, we all fear being forgotten, and by the looks of it, he won't be. No one can ask for more.
I dont know alot about WoW. Is there an official in-game ceremony you can do when someone passes, or do you just choose a location and people gather together?
[deleted]
Downvoting for making me sad
(Joking of course)
Hrm years ago I played this game. My mom died of cancer and while I was dealing with that, the guild I was a part of threatened to kick me out because I wouldn’t make time grind raids with them...
I’m sorry for your loss. The same thing happened back in February with an online friend of mine, we gamed on an mmo called “Elder Scrolls Online” and we held a huge memorial in his memory. Loads of people turned up and Zenimax even added a bear to represent the loss of my friend.
I am so sorry for your loss. God bless you and your friends.  He is up above laughing at you dumb asses!
Sorry to hear, this day I shall battle my way into the shadows of mordor and fight in his honour! SALUTE!!
Glad this game isn't toxic like some Minecraft servers. I don't know anything about WoW but that is cool. I know games are just games
im not crying you're crying
Some of the best and closest friends I have known (i have been with the same group since I was 13) have come from online. No one can ever devalue the friendships made there and those who do are people that don't deserve that sort of bond.

My condolences to you and your guildies. Its beautiful you paid respect to him in all of your own way.
[deleted]
❤️ One of the reason we gather in a virtual world is to take care of those we meet, fly safe Attacus o7
Sorry to hear it man, amazing moment
This is amazing!
I've met many great people in my adventures in WoW. Thank you for honoring his memory. Respect.
Prayers in Jesus Name
Im not crying, you are.
I’m just a passerby and happened upon this post randomly. I have to say as a non-gamer, you folks have done something beautiful and real. My heart goes out to you all, and to the officer who clearly had some genuine friends who cared for him.
Long live our gamer brother Attacus. I raise my sword in his honor. Long live Attacus from my clan daggers blades. I don't know him personal but I am honored to drink one beer in his name. Cheers 🍻 my brother may we meet one day. May we fight side by side. To defeat evil for the good of our realm. Long live Attacus!!!
Reminds me of my favorite video. https://youtu.be/MEpv7YxnLCQ
My condolences OP, may he rest in peace, and may his tribute to your guild follow all of you forever! <3
F
F
Who’s cutting onions 🥺
You guys are good friends. I hope it helped you.

Force et honneur.
I wish I could find a guild that cared more about the members than the progression. I'm sorry for your loss, but I'm glad you have each other to lean on.
Gnite and sweet dreams Atticus.
Back in the day, our lead tank died to an accident where he was working on his truck and fell asleep in his office connected to the garage where the truck was running.

He passed away to carbon monoxide poisoning.

We did something similar to this, WoW did have its moments of people coming together.
People that touch this many hearts never truly die.
Attacus, I never got to know you, but I hope that you'll rest in peace. /salute
making me tear up, this is super wholesome, thank you for sharing and sorry for your loss 💜
I’m sorry for your loss
Rest in peace Attacus
I just stumbled across this and I dont even play WoW but RIP my guy
I don’t even play but that’s dope
This is one of the kindest and most interesting send offs i have ever seen. You absolutely do make friends and they are important people in your life regardless of where they are. Im so sorry you lost your friend,by the looks of things he was a wonderful guy.
/salute
sorry for your loss.
Totally agree. Whenever someone posts something like this, I respond with a video that I created when one of our guild officers suddenly passed away. It was an emotional sight to see how many different guilds came to pay their respects. Some people had no idea what was going on, but joined us once they knew.

Sorry for your loss. I hope his memories will be forever with you guys.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uH6\_vb3zs1A](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uH6_vb3zs1A)
What a great community
Sorry for your loss :(
This right here is one of the reasons why we play these games. The community and the love shared for a common passion. Rest well champion of Azeroth.
I’ve never played. Did they build this mausoleum for your friend?
This is beautiful, may your friend rest in peace
Rip attacus.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your friend. Cancer fucking sucks, I've lost both of my parents to two different kinds.
'Till Valhalla Brother or Sister
I don't game and I dig this.
So...I’m going to come off as the asshole here, but my license is this: my mother passed, this year. June. I took care of her in her final year, and it was terrible. All I wanted to do was fix her, to take away her pain. I could not. I could only keep her alive, and occasionally provide some comfort and companionship. It wasn’t enough. When she finally passed...I don’t know, she was just a fighter to the end. She didn’t want to go. And it feels so unfair that she did. And I feel like I somehow failed her for letting it happen. And now, I have this weird, phantom urge to “care for her” - as if she was still around, or I could somehow fix what has happened. Her disease ravaged her, and then I watched her take her last breaths. Back to OP...I wish I felt better for honoring her memory, or for throwing a great funeral (it was). But it just all seems so hollow and meaningless. She’s gone. 
And I miss her.
I love you, Mom. I’m sorry I couldn’t do more.
I'm sorry for your loss. 

This is beautiful. Seeing a community gather together in strength to mourn the loss and celebrate the life of a guild member, a family member. 

I commend your guilds unity, it's something so amazing to see.
Happy to hear that people got together for a good cause in wow and that i went well (we all know how disrespectful people can be) may he rest knowing he was loved.
Very awesome memorial! RIP to Attacus.
This was so incredibly sad but peaceful to read, thank you so much for sharing. I wish you and your guild the best
My Condonlences to you and your guildies, this game has some beautiful souls playing it. I actually think your english is better than a lot of others that post.
I miss playing WoW. I miss the little moments that created friendships that I still remember despite not having a PC/sub in 4+ years. This made me bawl.
I quit playing 10 years ago, but I still feel connected to the community through these stories. The community makes this game so amazing.
My boyfriend talks about his WoW days and how the friends he made there really made him happy considering he didn't have many friends in the real world.
RIP Attacus.
So sorry to hear.

Over a year ago our guild lost one of our officers. He had always wanted to do a real life guild meet. Later that year we did it in his honor. We had around 20 people come we rented a big house and played many games and went to theme parks. It was a wonderful time and of course poured one out for our boy.
This isn't just a game.  I was in raid last year when my sister texted me to say they were giving the last rites to my father.  He was in the hospital, but we thought he was getting better.  I just dropped raid without comment.  I only had it in me to put in gchat that I was going and why.  Man, the love that flowed out and was there for me...I'll never forget it.  There are real people here.  RIP Attacus.
This is beautiful. I’m sorry for the loss of your friend. I used to play WoW a lot a long time ago and still keep in touch with friends I made in game. I have been trying to play again, but don’t have as much time to play anymore and don’t have friends still playing that have patience for me to learn the game again. I’m happy the community is still supportive and does amazing things like this!
This is incredible 
I’m so about you losing your friend 
We are all in this together
This is something I always loved about WoW, and most of the old MMORPGS I used to play like Ragnarok Online. It's so amazing how many people find real and deep connections on these types of games, especially when some people that play might not have those types of relationships in real life. I know when I was way younger, I moved around a whole lot (like 5-6 times before middle school) and didn't have many friends since it was hard to keep in touch back then compared to now days, I made quite a few friends in-game that I still talk to to this day and I wouldn't have them otherwise. I'm really sorry for your loss, but it's really awesome to see you guys honor him together.
We go where eagles dare!
RIP Attacus! My deepest and most sincere condolences to you and the whole guild!
I’m sorry for your loss.
Rest In Peace.
Im sorry for ur loss.
I am so sorry for your loss.
Sorry for your loss OP
Safe journey my friend !
I connected with some people a while back that helped me enjoy the game a lot more, I am happy and very sad at the same time to see someone connected in a way I did, but is now gone...

my condolences, friend.
This has been a really touching thread.  Sorry for your loss OP, the guy who lost his wife, and everyone else who has encountered loss.
From my guild to yours, we send our condolences. Stay strong everyone. <3
I am currently looking for a guild of this stature, rip your officer may the. Elements watch over him
Rest in peace fellow gamer!
My condolences, we have lost way too much good people this year..
RIP Attacus
I may not know this person, but I will still give him a /salute.
Rest in peace
Sorry for your loss. 

Is this or is there a tradition for losing a member in WoW? In eve we have a tradition called a "Cyno Vigil"  and a poem called Eyes forward, Capsuleer.
I’m sorry for your loss.
It’s lovely to see so many people paying their respects in a game they enjoyed.

You’re right though this isn’t just a game, some of the best people in my life I have met through WoW.
Three of my closest friends are all from WoW, originally from the same guild with all three of them being God fathers for my now children, it’s also where my wife and I really bonded.
I still think after 15+ years this is still a beautiful game, despite its flaws
I'm sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing this.
My condolences.


I've made some awesome friends through various online games throughout the years, it's definitely more than just videogames.
Im sorry for your loss! 

Keep Up with wow and tey ro remember all the fun and beatiful memories you have!
RIP my dude
Looking for ‘alliance gives you cancer’ comment, the internet is letting me down. F though
One of our officers died last year. Thinking back, we were "lucky" that most of us could make it to the funerals. Damn, 2020 really has been terrible in so many ways. I'm glad you could still unite in some way to honor them.
It's incredible how this game ascends just gaming. Marriages, relationships, friends, someone to talk to, someone to grieve with. This community has it all, and so much of it is thanks to this game.
Sometimes... stuff like this gives me hope for humanity.
Hello Everyone. This will be my last update.

We are all doing our best to go through this and i have to admit it's not easy.

But his strength will be with us and we won't fail him.

We recordered the whole memorial for him, and filled it with some of our favourite pictures taken with him.

If you want to take a look here is the link

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoSQrhfUjZc&feature=youtu.be&ab\_channel=GildaMainagioia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoSQrhfUjZc&feature=youtu.be&ab_channel=GildaMainagioia)
I am deeply moved by this video... my father died of cancer and he was only able to hear my first composition when I was 13 years old. He loved games and was my first ever gaming partner. He loved large scale worlds and wonderful graphics. Shadows of the Beast, Wing Commander, Cannon Fodder were some of his favorites in Amiga. We played hours and hours, every single day. He loved film soundtracks and classical music. When I first played WoW beta I remember thinking how much he would have loved to see this game. I am 41 now and I finally had one of my lifetime goals to write some music for WoW, with this beautiful last expansion. Hearing your words, watching your tribute will have a very strong effect in any music I write from now on. Thank you! :'(
Hello,

I have watched the entire video and even though i dont speak italian i was very moved by this.

I even cried and felt the emotions of everyone that had a word about him, the pictures and videos were very touching aswell.

You guys really are a family and more than "only" a guild.
Sorry for your loss. Amazing thing you did. Take care
My mother and I used to play together for close to 10 years and she passed 2 years ago before ever getting to meet her grandson. I plan on passing her wow account down to him once he's old enough so he can have a big part of her life. It shouldn't be too much longer as he is almost lvl 2 in real life and I'll turn it over to him once he can read at a comfortable level.
I'd argue you guys would have got along just as great in another game. WoW is just a game.
Is it even a funeral if the opposing faction doesnt raid it?
[removed]
Press Frostnova to pay respects.
fuck cancer in its fucking asshole until it gets aids
F
A Letter to Blizzard Entertainment
Dear Blizzard Entertainment,

​

Gameplay first.

​

Those are your words. Your founding words. And you have abandoned them.

​

I'm a grumpy 41-year old male. I'm cynical and skeptical. I work in marketing, and I hate the business. It's full of bollocks and bullshit. At the core of all that is the ridiculous idea that customers want to engage with companies and have conversations and relationships and other such nonsense. I don't care a thing for the companies whose products I buy. I don't want a relationship with Coke. I don't visit fan forums for Tide. And I will never pay any amount of money to watch or attend a Levi's convention. I just want good products, at reasonable prices.

​

I'm not a fan of corporations the way that I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. I don't yell at the TV when I see a stupid McDonald's commercial like I do when Case Keenum throws another interception. I'm not emotionally invested in Nike or Google. I don't want whoever runs those companies to be fired when things go poorly the same way I think Vance Joseph should be fired from the Broncos.

​

And why is that? Because I'm emotionally attached to the Broncos. I love that team. I cried when they won Superbowl 50. It's irrational, I know. The win-loss record of a sports team has no effect on my personal life. And yet... I cheer and jeer.

​

Thankfully, I don't invest myself into commodity corporations the same way.

​

Except, that I do.

​

For more than 20 years Blizzard, you have made games that I love to play. Even the games I was terrible at, I still played. I knew they'd be the best that that genre had to offer. I wasn't any good at the Starcraft games. But I played them anyway. I could only just scrape through the story campaigns in the Warcraft series. But I played it anyway. I loved Diablo, but never played in Hardcore mode or pushed high-level rifts. Why did I play those games? Because they were fun. I also made some good friends along the way - friends that I still play Blizzard games with. But I didn't truly love Blizzard until 2004, when I first stepped foot into Dun Morogh.

​

I'll never forget traipsing through the snow and climbing the hill to see Ironforge for the first time. I've loved World of Warcraft (and you, Blizzard) ever since.

​

A canvas poster of the original World of Warcraft box hangs on my wall. A little figure of Arthas guards my desk. In my closet, Blizzard branded t-shirts hang next to my Broncos gear. I'm not just a guy who buys Blizzard's products like I buy other stuff. I'm a Blizzard fan. I pay to watch BlizzCon. I root for the company to succeed like I do the Broncos. But now, when I see that poster or wear one of my Blizzard shirts, I feel a bit like I do when I watch a Broncos game. I'm cheering for a team that used to be great but just isn't anymore. I keep watching though, because that's what loyal fans do. And I keep hoping for better days.

​

In the Blizzard Retrospective documentary published in 2011, Bob Davidson said: "it wasn't hard to let Blizzard do it's thing... as long as it was working."

​

Blizzard, the things you are doing now are not working.

​

Maybe you know this. Maybe it's causing internal power struggles at the office. And maybe you are too deep to see that you are no longer the company that prided itself on "gameplay first." The only reason Blizzard gamers exist at all is because of great gameplay. But great gameplay is hard. It takes years of testing and iteration to get right. And it's expensive. You were always known for taking your sweet development time. "Soon," we were told. "It'll be done soon." And we knew that you were creating something beautiful and amazing that was, despite any flaws that might exist, going to be fun. "Soon" was almost always worth the wait. But you don't make those kinds of games anymore. And I wonder if you ever will again.

​

Do you know why I logged onto World of Warcraft day after day those first few years? It wasn't because 15-minute corpse runs were fun. It wasn't so I could wait for the warlock to farm soul shards or for the hunter to travel all the way back to a village to buy arrows before we could finally spend the next 5 hours being lost in Dire Maul. It wasn't to craft copper bars or gather runecloth so I could buy a cross-racial mount. Though, I did all of those things, and many, many more.

​

I wasn't logging on to earn or buy loot boxes. I didn't finish a dungeon and hope that whatever the final boss dropped would not only be the thing I wanted, but also titanforge into a super-powered version of the thing I wanted. I didn't log on so I could fill a bar - though there were plenty of bars to fill. I didn't play so I could gather some random source of power that would inevitably fade into irrelevance as soon as some goblin miner discovered a new random source of power. I didn't show up to race through dungeons or to replace pieces of gear every other day with gear that was marginally better (or worse) than what I was wearing.

​

In fact, I think I wore the same robe for 2 years during classic WoW. I only replaced it after The Burning Crusade released. I didn't log on just so I could tab-out to third-party websites because they were the only way to find out if I had the right talents, the right gear, or to simulate numbers with the gear I did have. I didn't pay $15 a month to earn a score from a third-party so I could participate in the game with other people who valued my random score over my experience playing the game.

​

I played World of Warcraft because just being in Azeroth with a few friends was good enough. I wasn't worried about leveling up quickly so I could "play the real game" like people are today. If I set out to do some quests, but got distracted by PvP (corpse runs) or a dungeon (corpse runs), or exploring a zone that was full of monsters just a bit too powerful for my level (more corpse runs), then that was all right. Because exploring Azeroth - an enormous world full of amazing creatures and hidden things - was a lot of fun.

​

You're deluding yourself if you think that classic World of Warcraft will bring that all back. It won't. It can't. That experience can't be replicated any more than returning to Disneyland as an adult can recreate the first time I visited when I was 10 years old. Those days, and that game are gone. The game that we play today is not a game at all. Instead, World of Warcraft is a data-gathering index of daily user actions and patterns. It's a research tool to help scummy marketing people decide what to put on sale, how much to charge for a fox mount, or which adverts to fill the game launcher with. You no longer see me as a player, but instead, as a payer.

​

New features in WoW are gated behind reputation bars, time, or just not in the game at all yet. Zandalari trolls were among the first features of Battle for Azeroth that were introduced to us. Zandalari trolls aren't in the game. But they will be... "soon". You've tried to hide that exclusion behind storytelling, but it's a thin mask. Patch 8.1 launched on December 11th. The Battle for Dazar'alor (a cumbersome name) won't launch until January 22nd - conveniently just a little bit more than 30 days after someone who might have re-upped for 8.1 started paying for your game again.

​

Arguably, there is more stuff to do in WoW than ever before, and yet I don't log on as often as I used to. And worse yet, I don't look forward to playing like I used to. Mostly, I log on to see if any of my friends are playing and that if maybe, just maybe, we can get a few of us together to go earn a loot box or race through a dungeon and pretend that we are having fun again.

​

You stopped making an MMORPG years ago. Instead, you turned WoW into an elaborate fantasy-themed casino replicator. It's a third-person looter-shooter designed to string players out like addicts looking for a fix. Your other titles are just animated shopping carts that feature mini-games people can play in between opening loot boxes.

​

And that's really sad because all of Blizzard's games are beautiful. Your artists are still the best in the industry. It's a shame that their work is being ruined by shady business practices and shoddy gameplay design.

​

Why is Ion Hazzikostas still the World of Warcraft game director? He bumbles through Q&As saying words but nothing else. Under his (and J. Allen Brack's) direction, the game has become progressively worse. Ion's sidekick, Josh "Lore" Allen - the man you hired to be the public face of World of Warcraft - called us "dickbags" and is far more interested in building his personal brand than he is in doing the job you pay him to do.

​

I can't tell if these men are being held hostage by a company that has broken their spirits, or if they are burned out, or if they have true contempt for both WoW and its players. Are the creative, passionate people that you are so well known for allowed to work on the design direction of World of Warcraft? Or is the game being designed by algorithms and data-driven stat-padding horseshit? People can tell if something is fun. Computers can't.

​

We are not your enemy Blizzard. We are your loyal supporters. The luke-warm, fair-weather fans are gone and they are not coming back. We are all you have left. And frankly, when it comes to MMORPGs, you are all we have. Please stop ruining World of Warcraft. Please stop designing it around KPIs, MAUs, and other marketing bullshit. I'll play the game if it's fun. And right now, it's not fun. The people designing and developing the game look tired. Maybe it's time for them to "move to other unannounced projects". Or maybe you just need to let them remember what "gameplay first" means.

​

I don't know what's happening at Blizzard. I don't know if Activision is flexing its management muscles. I don't know why Mike Morhaime left. I don't know if company morale is low. I don't know why you think it's a good idea to put talented developers to work on mobile projects - games that your audience doesn't bother playing because we are middle-aged adults who, just like your founders, were raised on PC games. I don't know anything about the inner workings of this company that I have supported for almost half of my life.

​

But I do know Blizzard games. And I know that whatever it is you are producing recently, are not Blizzard games.

​

I hope that whatever it is that is wrong with you, Blizzard, can be fixed. And fixed "soon."

​

For Azeroth,

​

Lightcap, the Patient

Illidan - US
[deleted]
"You no longer see me as a player, but as a payer" 

All we are left with is a big fat L 
On July 25, 2013, Activision Blizzard announced the purchase of 429 million shares from owner Vivendi for $5.83 billion, dropping the shareholder from a 63% stake to 11.8% by the end of the deal in September. At the conclusion of the deal, Vivendi was no longer Activision Blizzard's parent company, and Activision Blizzard became an independent company


December 9, 2013, Blizzard opens World of Warcraft in-game shop stocked with $10 pets and $25 mounts.



In those 5 months is when Blizzard's soul died.
[deleted]
" You stopped making an MMORPG years ago. Instead, you turned WoW into an elaborate fantasy-themed casino replicator. It's a third-person looter-shooter designed to string players out like addicts looking for a fix." 

&#x200B;

so fucking true. This game is sooo far from what it started as that the masses are finally opening their eyes and saying "wait a sec, this isnt an mmorpg anymore" I myself  only play off and on really because what it was and the tiny scraps of vanilla/bc/wotlk that are left. But once I sit back and think about all of it, I dont think I want to play this anymore.
Speak with your wallets and unsub. They don’t deserve any of your money if you aren’t having fun. 
I said this in more detail in another post but I am so blown away that we've reached a point developers don't want to add new skills because it's too much of a hassle. Imagine being that jaded with a game that brought amazing (albeit eventually tweaked or removed) abilities like mirror image, symbiosis, and spirit link totem. To the point you *don't* want to contribute to that amazing legacy.

It blows my mind. It feels like they're not having fun, which in turn means that they design things that aren't fun, and then the players don't have fun.
By the way, Blizzard doesn't ask you why you're cancelling your sub anymore.
Dear OP,

[This sums up whats happening to Blizzard.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuZ6ypueK8M)
Don't waste anymore of your time on this game.
I wish they would take a step back and think about what makes RPGs fun to play, maybe play a few sessions of D&D or maybe some Elder Scrolls games. They're not making an RPG anymore, I have no idea what the hell this is supposed to be.
Yeah, this guy puts it well.

I'm pushing 40 myself. BfA requires me to play for hours that I don't have, in order to earn a loot crate that, by statistical probability, will disappoint me. 

The people in charge of WoW tell me this RNG is exciting and will be the future direction, because being able to mark a date on a calendar when I earn a reward is boring. I disagree. 

Blizzard resources are shunted to mobile games that I will never be interested in because I've been a PC gamer for 25 years.

WoW no longer feels aimed at me.

WoW devs no longer seem interested in re-aiming the game at me.

That's a choice, Blizzard have the right to decide they want to pitch their games at a younger audience with phones and too much free time. I guess I was the younger audience when I first picked up WoW. I've changed a lot over 12 years.

But I tell you what; if you have a 30+ crowd that have happy memories of vanilla, and TBC, and Wrath, and still enjoy sitting on their phoenixes and protodrakes - those people can make a really good core player base. They have long term social relationships within the game, they speak gracefully, they welcome new players, they are slow to anger, and a fair number of them have a few extra pounds to blow on cosmetic items in the store. They can be incredibly loyal customers.

The one thing you cannot do is waste their time. 
I quit a month ago, the game is in the worst state is has ever been. 

I finally realized most of the things I was doing in the game were not fun anymore and were in fact just extremely unpleasant chores I trudged through weekly. I would do my warfront, hate every second of it, and then turn in my quest and never do another one for the week. I would do my minimum Islands to hit fill the bar then never do them again that week. I would force myself to do the least annoying world quests, just enough to finish my emissary, then stop doing them immediately. 

I finally realized I was just repetitively doing things I didn't enjoy - that varied between boring to frustrating - and this was making up the vast majority of time I spent in the game. Games are supposed to be fun. This one isn't anymore. 

If anyone asked me if they should start playing I would say don't even go near this game until the next expansion, which is at least a year and a half away. 
Dun Morogh back in Vanilla (and even today) is such a perfectly crafted starting zone. It is just so majestic and huge, yet so accessible and fun to explore. I have not felt as strongly about a zone as I have about Dun Morogh to the point that I sometimes get sad that I'll never again experience it that way again. I'm going to roll up a Dwarf when classic launches and I hope I can recapture some of that magic. Also I'm gonna enjoy seeing Old Icebeard again.
[deleted]
Upvote for firing Vance Joseph. 
"The game that we play today is not a game at all. Instead, World of Warcraft is a data-gathering index of daily user actions and patterns."

That quote for me at least the nails what i have even posted on this sub before.

This game is no longer developed for with the player in mind, we are numbers on a spreadsheet. There is no soul in the game anymore, its just "log on, loot chest, get loot, log off" 
Now cancel your sub, and don't give Blizzard another dime until they make a good product (if they ever do again). This was very well written and absolutely spot on imo but you also need to show it with your wallet.
The sad thing is it isn't just Blizzard. Most companies are starting to feel pressure because they don't have the same product.


15 years ago a game had one day to be good, launch day, now we buy into betas, alpha, or finished games "knowing they will fix it soon". 

One of the other issues, and people hate when this is brought up, but who is the wow market for? It seems blizzards bread and butter games as in RTS, MMOs, and Hack-n-slash, are not as popular, at least in NA, and EU.  We just get stuck playing the games because our alternatives are so much more meh.
> I didn't pay $15 a month to earn a score from a third-party so I could participate in the game with other people who valued my random score over my experience playing the game.

This is what made me ultimately quit about 3 months ago.

I played the game almost religiously during Vanilla-WOTLK and played slightly less hardcore during Cata, MoP, WoD and Legion because real life took over. I did ALL of the hardest content available at the time. I was in a top 100 US guild.

Sure the game changed, more classes and stuff was added, but ultimately most mechanics remained the same.

I couldn't even find a fucking guild to accept my "application" because of my lack of parses despite my plea to them "I have raided some of the hardest content this game has seen, M'uru Pre nerf, Lich King Hardmode, etc.. If you give me a chance I will prove I am worth your time" 

"Oh sorry denied you don't have any logs"

Here's the kicker: This wasn't some top World level guild, not even a top US guild, not even a top of the SERVER guild, it was lowly guilds on the server ranked 15th or lower (Tichondrius).

The game for me had always been hardcore endgame raiding and upon my return I would have been satisfied with a 3 night a week guild that was striving to be top 10 on a high pop server. Instead I can't even get in the door, feeling like I got turned away from McDonalds for not being dressed well enough.

Raiding is dead unless you are competing for World Firsts and Server Firsts. Otherwise you are simply going to be a guild where everyone's end goal is "I have to get a high enough parse so I can apply to the guild above this one". There is no community, no sense of comradery, no bonds to be formed unless you've already been playing with them for an extended time.

I really don't want to be a pessimist because I know people still enjoy the game and if you do, keep enjoying I won't hate on that, but if you are someone that is looking to raid in the same way I described my story above and your priorities match mine: The game is dead for us.
Aaaaaand they don't care.

There might be the odd developer, some random community manager or even a janitor at Blizzard who reads this and goes like 'yea, he's right', but that's about it. These people have no impact, they can't do anything whatsoever. These guys have their bosses tell them to get this and that done and if they don't do that or become too, lets say rebellious, they're just let go - because there's 10 bajillion people readily waiting to work for Blizzard.

The ones who set the direction, who could change things, don't care. Bobby fucking Kotick doesn't care what the the head developers of his games think, Bobby fucking Kotick only cares what his CFOs tell him - and most CFOs have prolly never played a video game in their lives.

The gaming industry has become indistinguishable from any other industry. It's not about revolutionizing the world anymore, it's about minimal investment for maximum profit. Just like phone companies release the same phone with .2 additional megapixels every year, just like car companies release the same car with 2 additional PS every year... the gaming industry is only about releasing a new COD or Battlefield or Assassins Creed every year - but this time it's in the 50s instead of the 30s! And when you have some non-AAA companies coming up with something new it's all just about copying that and bandwagoning as much as possible - which then results in everyone and their grandma releasing 5 mobas, card games and battle royals within one year.
86 gold, 33 platinum, one of the top posts of all time on the subreddit.

Take notes, Blizzard. We are all feeling the way this guy is feeling. I'm sure I'm not alone when I say the things outlined in the post are the reason I have unsubbed and have little interest in resubbing EVER.
Goodness. This was so well said. You speak for many of us. 
Well said.  Blizzard is becoming that out of touch giant who lost its identity.  I kinda hope they just go and watch Ready Player One and realizes which side of the battle they're on... they're becoming the sixers.  
As someone who toured the original Blizzard HQ as a kid when all they had was The Lost Vikings and Rock and Roll Racing and who applied to be a writer for Blizzard every which way you can but the official way (I never remember seeing it made public and a guy's gotta try, right?) this letter hits me in the gut and heart. It's exactly how I feel and after they killed HotS, it's been harder and harder to get on WoW.

But my life is falling apart. I'm in the midst of leaving my long term girlfriend, my job has gone to hell, my health is going to hell, nothing is working out. I'm not playing WoW because I'm having fun. Because... I'm not. I'm playing it for a daily structure that I'm good at. I can point at achievements I earned from it's hey day and go "See?! I used to rock at this game when it was a great game!" Hell, I'd probably PvP/raid now if I had the time and if my computer didn't take 2-3 minutes to load even with everything turned off and the generic slider on "2". But I'm using WoW to just give myself a little bit of structure.

Not fun. Because there isn't any.

Thank you, OP.
It's interesting to note that someone on the Broncos management read your post - Vance Joseph was fired.
[removed]
I noticed this sad trend during Cataclysm.

We eventually took down Deathwing, with a little help from out-of-guild friends (Due to the already dropping numbers).

I started to notice every day I logged in less and less, and when I did, I just placed my Blood Elf paladin atop his trusty random-flying-mount (Decided via macro) atop one of the entrance towers to Orgrimmar while looking for some banter to join in general chat being spammed by trade offers...

One day I just didn't log back in, and that became two days, a week. A month. Subscription ran out, Pandas, time travel and random shenanigans followed... But I wasn't part of it.

My hero of Azeroth's story ended silently, in obscurity, atop one of the towers of Orgrimmar's gate.

Sometimes I look back and remember the fun I had, knowing full well I can never replicate that exact fun, as the world has moved on, gaming evolved, and I've become a relic of ancient times, looking for fun, not random rewards. Looking to beat a boss for fun, not for a skin, a loot box or a 5$ twitch donation.

WoW, you changed and left me behind... Or maybe I left you behind? Either way, thanks for all the fish.
The WoW killer was WoW all along. 

*Put Spiderman meme here* 
blizzard is gone. theres just the low tier development studio that wears its skin now
Blizzard employees are being held hostage by Activision.


Ion was and is a Scarab Lord in Vanilla. The dude is hardcore for WOW.

There’s no way he’s okay with this, he looks depressed every q and a. 

Look at his announcement for classic, he attacked one of the dudes on the microphone that said “modern wow is the real wow”

He knows it’s shit. And hates it and himself.

We need to attack ACTIVISION, those assholes and their spreadsheet games!
This post needs to be pinned to the top of this subreddit forever.
I wish they would develop the existing game. Nothing changes.

We killed Garrosh and purged Yshaarj, but the Vale is still fucked. 

Arthas is long dead, but the plaguelands are still as bad as they were when he was alive. 

I wish blizzard would like actually partially develop areas over time, even a little bit to reflect that my actions have had like some impact. Also maybe if there was like a tangible, current reward for rerunning old content as much as i tend to. Or at least a toy that teleports me to the start of the dungeon/raid. 


I actually joined back up with my college friends guild for this expansion. Now these guys were the weekly mount farm runs, rep grinding guys who've been playing for years. I couldn't tell you how often I saw them on when I stopped playing years ago.

I was the only one to hit max level this expansion, weeks after the expansion launched. 

When I unsubbed the next highest guild member was only 116 and he was the only other person who was logging in.

Great job blizzard!
When it comes to MMORPGs, WoW is not all we have.  After canceling my sub here, I went back to FFXIV and I have been having an incredible time.  I highly recommend it.  The development team is extremely passionate about the game and it’s very obvious in the gameplay / story.  

Go where you are wanted.  Vote with your wallet and give your hard earned money to someone that deserves it.
I remember playing this game purely cause it was fun. Now it's a rush to the top and it kills the feeling the game initially gave me. 
I get it.

And even though games like these that never end have to keep developing and changing to stay interesting so it doesn't die, I think they made a few mistakes.
The thing that broke my love for Blizzard was the Dreadwake mount.

My son's account was a 6 monthly sub, always 6 monthly, with the credit card details removed to help us ensure he didn't "accidently" buy things on the store.  He was ineligible for the "free" mount.

My account expires, and still does, in 2021.  I was ineligible for the "free" mount.

A long time WoW player that quit playing BfA, and walked away from his sub, logged in one day, got the Dreadwake mount and said "yer I forgot to take my credit card details out, but I got this mount.  see ya, I'm now removing it".  He logged off, and I haven't seen him since.

If Blizzard cared for people that played their games, we would have received "free" mounts, just for playing the game.  That's what "free" means, it means something with no strings or complications attached.  Plenty of people did get this mount for free, but they were people that had payment details saved on their account on a particular day.
This sums up everything for me.

&#x200B;

Ive played since the beginning, even got my kids to play wow.

Now, i barely bother logging on. Neither of my kids bother.

I think its time to quit. Iva taken some breaks, but never uninstalled, or canceled sub.

But now i have unsubed and uninstalled. 

&#x200B;

This is just sad how the game has become
Can't wait to watch Asmongold react to this post!

&#x200B;

\-edit: Bald. 
Kept thinking "I could have written this" as I was reading it, except I am 49 and have been gaming since playing pong for the first time on my Aunt's 13" black and white TV in 1975. 

&#x200B;

Like many, I came to WOW from EQ. EQ stirred up feelings and immersed me like no other game had and what EQ lacked, WOW provided. In game mail. An AH that didn't require your character to be logged in to use, etc. I've taken a few long breaks from Azeroth but have kept coming back looking for that thing that made me fall for it in the first place. 

&#x200B;

Feelsbadman - as the younger players say...
Dear OP,

They won't see this.
>The Battle for Dazar'alor (a cumbersome name) won't launch until January 22nd - conveniently just a little bit more than 30 days after someone who might have re-upped for 8.1 started paying for your game again.

HOLY SHIT *brain explodes*

This is a fucking truth bomb of a post.
I quit playing WoW a couple years ago when my son was born. Occasionally, I think about resubbing. I loved WoW. I miss WoW.

...But I don't. My fond memories are from a game that is long gone now.
I have to admit that I usually do not read posts this long but didn't miss a single word from this one. So well put about the current situation of Blizzard. 
TFW as you read op's post and agree with EVERY single word (vanilla player here - Rolling Thunder; Alleria) and cant help but feel these past 13 years added up to where we are now. What happened to us blizzie. 
Is it weird that this post brought tears to a 29yo mans eyes? 
I'm still upset that I paid $60 for this expansion. 

It could have been so good. 
> I loved Diablo, but never played in Hardcore mode or pushed high-level rifts.

> rifts

Oh god no don't pretend D3 wasn't the start of Blizzard's downfall as a company that used to care about gameplay. D2 literally only lets you have 1~2 skills active at once and *still* has far more engaging and interactive gameplay than the grindy arcade button-masher that is Diablo 3. Talk about baal runs or chaos tristram, but not "rifts".
Wow was my childhood. I would fake sick so I could slowly level my hunter all day. Now it feels like a chore. Grind and then pray to RNGjesus is the game now. So sad to say farewell
Does anyone remember actually queuing bgs for fun? Throughout vanilla through cata I used to just queue WSG and AB for hours and always have fun. Honor meant something. People inspected your HKs and could see how much of a G you were. You could accumulate honor and buy gear with it, or choose to buy mounts/legacy items. Now its meaningless. The number on your honor level goes up, who cares. Every 10 honor levels you get a pre selected reward that's probably garbage.

Even trying to farm gear for alts I felt motivated to run BGs because I knew I just needed 500 more honor to get a new chest piece which my alt was seriously lacking.  Whether I won or lost I knew I was still making progress toward that goal which allowed it to still feel fun and not a hopeless waste of time. Now what's the point? I have a CHANCE at getting a piece of gear, or absolutely nothing. And even if I do get gear its fucking random so if i get a ring again for the 5th time you're shit out of luck, thanks for playing idiot better luck next time.
I've never seen a reddit post with so much golds, silvers and diamonds, and I think it's one of the most upvoted posts in the wow subreddit now. Kinda gives you some room to think, h u h
Steve Jobs on why great companies die: 

"I have my own theory about why the decline happens at companies like IBM or Microsoft. The company does a great job, innovates and becomes a monopoly or close to it in some field, and then the quality of the product becomes less important. The product starts valuing the great salesmen, because they're the ones who can move the needle on revenues, not the product engineers and designers. So the salespeople end up running the company."

I don't know what would be more sad: that Blizzard is so out of touch with their loyal fan base that they'd never come to read this heart-felt post, or that they'd read it and not give a fuck.
The sad thing is, that this is not only a problem of Blizzard but the whole gaming industry. I loved playing Halo, there was so much passion behind the games under Bungie. Now Bungie is just doing their Lootshooter franchise Destiny which is so boring and repetitive with absolutely no story. You just play for meta-loot mechanics and grind mechanics, not for the game. Even the guys who took over Halo, 343 Industries, ruined the whole franchise to a point of being irrevelant with altering the whole gameplay because of some shitty market-trend-analysis instead of focussing on why players loved the games.

Same goes for Bioware. I loved like all games they made back then. KOTOR, Jade Empire, Dragon Age, Mass Effect, even MMO The Old Republic, they had so much story and interesting characters and fun mechanics. Nowadays we get Mass Effect Andromeda. People bought Bioware games because the story, characters and writing were outstanding, but ME:A failed on every aspect of that. And Anthem will be that next boring industry Lootshooter without any real story at all.

And what happened to Valve? They were one of the best fps developery back then. But right now? They make a shitload of money with Steam, develop gimmicky VR stuff and their lastest released game Artifact is a horrible cashgrab to milk the money of player who are looking for new card games.

At least some developers proved in recent years, that actually make a game because you have an awesome idea what would be fun for players is worth it. God of War, Doom, AC:Odyssey (if you can ignore the visual stuff shop), RDR2 (if you don't count the Online mode) - All were recieved really good and sold tons of copies.

I think Blizzard has to really think about what game they want WoW to be. Do you want to turn it back into a MMORPG or continue to make it a game where you basically just do stuff because of the metagame of mechanics. When I log to WoW I mostly just spend time try to get a rare mount from an old raid or collecting transmog. Doing dungeons against a virtual clock, farming the same few worldquests for reputation, farming islands or warfronts for the loot-popup to give me something useful, all of that is just not fun to me. And just for raids it's just not as fun as it should be when all other elements annoy. I recently leveled a Nightborn because I wanted to unlock the cool transmog, but now that I reached 110 with the char I don't feel anything left to do with him know what awaits on 120. 

I will surely play Wow Classic for 1-2 years, knowing that it will not be as awesome as back then - And knowing that I don't have anywhere near as much time to sink into a game like that anymore - but it will be so much fun when not everyone is that insanely-looking hero on flying dragons because of the transmog collection, but you can actually be happy when you get your first shoulderpads again around level 30, look up to that guy standing in OG who got a whole set from a dungeon or raid and group up for normal quests with strangers that can become friends because even fighting through a base of normal mobs was though.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
It's not the same Warcraft team that you fell in love with. They're almost all gone. This is a bigger, different game, with a different player base.  


You're never going to relive your glory days within WoW, no matter what they give you. So many people are focused on chasing the past that they refuse to accept the future.  


I know that it's hard to leave because of all the time you spent here and the memories you have, but it sounds like WoW won't ever be the game for you again. Because they can't recreate what you're missing.  


Sure they can fix systems, or change them again and maybe the next ones will be more agreeable. And they could squash more bugs earlier and perhaps delay the product longer to do so... but at the end of the day, you're still not going to feel the way you did over a decade ago.  


You changed too.  


The players all changed. Some started this journey as children and are now adults. Some were babies when this came out and are giving it a go as teenagers. People made families during their time in Azeroth, and because of that, no longer have the time they need.  


And Blizzard has grown up too. They got too big. We made that happen with our demands for content.  


It's a shame that so many people are no longer having fun here. But what you wrote sounds like a break up letter. Maybe it's time to move on.
I was heartbroken when I seen Activision bought Blizzard.  I remember seeing their moniker on a lot of shitting Nintendo, SNES and Genesis games growing up.  I'm not surprised this is where the company has ended up.  I've been a fanboy like OP since War2.  
Op, I've been thinking about a line you mentioned for a while now. Is Blizzard really fucking up that badly, or is it something else?

Like most people here, i see the older days with rose tinted goggles. However, many gripes people see with the game today (bar some expansion specific ones) also existed back in the day. I think this is because;

- The game was newer. Its now 14 years old - those of us who have played since day 1 are SERIOUS veterans. There is no more lore to find, cool quirks in npcs, undiscovered lands, legendary items, dungeons, raids or anything. Most all of us are conquerors now, no longer feeling small compared to the world. (Videos made about viewdistance are interesting to further this point. )
- We were all younger. Things excited us more, we had more energy, time and far less stress. So did our friends. 
- the gaming community was also far younger. Min/maxing was a lot more niche, and players in general were less elitist
- the general population had less of a need for instant gratification 

Now I'm not defending the blizzard of today. I'm just curious about my own love/hate relationship with the game today...am I just blaming blizzard because I'm getting old, have they ruined a great, or is a game like this doomed to expire? 

What do you guys think? 

>Josh "Lore" Allen - the man you hired to be the public face of World of Warcraft - called us "dickbags" 

This is the only thing I disagree with. He called dickbags dickbags. Not the entire community. 
Damn dude. Well fuckin said. Hats off brother. This is exactly how I feel, and I'm 31. This is not the same company we once loved, and they aren't making Blizzard games. These are hoaxes. Shams. Costumes. Imposters. 

They seem to think that modern gaming trends, algorithms, metrics and numbers are going to save their ever declining profits from all their franchises; but they aren't. Understand your fan base, understand what *we* want (not what you *think* we should want), and make great games. That's what will be your saving grace.

Making everything about the bottom line has done nothing but royally fuck your bottom line. If you make great games, the people will come. The money will come, and continue to come. Carrots on sticks, loot boxes, rng wrapped in more rng, casino-esque systems - these do not make great games. These are what drive people into the arms of GGG, or CDPR, or *hell*, FFXIV.

Wisen the fuck up.
As Lightcap said,  "People can tell if something is fun. Computers can't. "

When Blizzard became a publicly traded company after the merge with Activision in 2007, they had to answer to the investors first, and the players second. They didnt immediately become a bad company, but they slowly started sliding down the hill since then. Investors ruin companies, because they don't have the time/capacity to look at the company wholistically. They only have enough time to look at the companies data ($$$ per quarter) before moving on to looking at the other companies they have investments in. Therefore the investors (the people who OWN the company) are making demands of the management, and approving changes by the management that are based on poor information and almost absolutely have nothing to do with whether it will make improvements to the game to make it more enjoyable.

To the naysayers:

I see a lot of arguments that this is an emotional rant. YES, it is emotional, the OP even explicity states that right at the beginning of the letter, maybe you didnt manage to remember that by the time you finished reading, it was actually quite a long read. And NO, it isn't a rant, it was written with pasion, and written quite well.

Why is he writing this now? These issues have been around since Wow began:

To give an example, I will use League of Legends. Lets say I am a feminist (which I am) and the fact that I feel its sort of backwards that every female character in LoL is oversexualized. But then a couple years down the road, LoL has been changed slowly over time to the point where whenever you use an ability of a female character, she is shooting a harpoon out of her vagina to deal damage, or she whips her breasts out of her top and smacks the enemy characters in her attack animation. And at this point I stop playing LoL and write an open letter to the company. Yes over sexualization has been there since the inception, but as time goes on, it became worse and worse to the point where I couldn't play anymore.

This isn't the best anoalogy, but I just thought this might better display the concept of why this letter was posted and why it is getting such a response.

As Lightcap said,  "People \[Players\] can tell if something is fun. Computers  investors\] can't. "

The funny thing is, MMOs aren't super popular with the younger crowds, what you basically have are long time loyal fans of Blizzard who are keeping the game alive, but are slowly being driven off by a company that is trying to squeeze more and more money out of fewer and fewer players. Investors need to see growth, so I don't forsee WoW having much of a future, and it is unlikely that Blizzard will produce another PC MMO after this since the genre is in decline.

This was the expansion where I finally felt vindicated in my belief that Blizzard is on its way out, since I've finally seen my feelings and thoughts echoed by other die hard blizzard fans. I'm glad that this letter, written by someone who I feel I have much in common with, has seen so much of a response.

This is all coming from someone who \*was\* a Huge blizzard fan since 2000, played SC1, D1, D2, W3, WoW, D3, SC2, Hearthstone.

I still enjoy games made by companies that are now, how blizzard was back then, these are mostly indie developers like GGG. Indie developers usually put the gameplay first. 

In 2010/2011 I started to have my doubts with some of the monetization schemes I saw implemented into SC2 (Arcade) and Diablo 3 (Real Monety Auction House). But I hoped for the best. I don't regret having that hope, but that hope has since passed. I will join my final time of saying farewell to buying Blizzard games. And thanks to the OP. I have waited so long for someone to say something like this, Now that I finally can see my thoughts echoed and reinforced by the community, I feel I can finally let go. Goodbye Blizzard I once knew. Rest in Peace.
This makes me so sad because it is all true and it shouldn't be. 
made me sad to read this because it's all true.
Man, as someone who just celebrated his 53rd birthday, who has played all Diablo games as they came out, and who has followed Wow since before it was launched and has played from day one of it's launch, I could not have stated this any better.
I just now, less than 2 minutes ago, canceled my WoW sub. Maybe its the new Account Management dashboard, but i found it odd that they dont even ask you why you are unsubbing or if you want to receive email updates about the state of the game. They used to ask you all of this. You used to have to answer a short questionnaire. 

Now, it's 2-3 clicks and you are done. I admit, i used to find the questionnaire annoying, but at least it kind of showed that Blizzard wanted you back. I guess that now they either have all that data automatically, or they just know that their game is shit. 

We truly are just revenue farms for them. How fucking sad.
Already the 5th most upvoted post made on r/wow.   
Just shows how many people that feel this way about blizzard.   

After 9 years. Unsubbed right after I read your letter.
Thank you, OP.
And that diablo mobile piece of crap. IF anything shouts that there is trouble at blizzard, that peice of doo doo seeing the public light is the biggest distress beacon the company has ever lit.

&#x200B;

Whats wrong blizzard, talk to us.
I have always looked at Reddit but never felt the need to make an account. 

Literally made an account just so I could upvote this.
> Why is Ion Hazzikostas still the World of Warcraft game director? He bumbles through Q&As saying words but nothing else. Under his (and J. Allen Brack's) direction, the game has become progressively worse. Ion's sidekick, Josh "Lore" Allen - the man you hired to be the public face of World of Warcraft - called us "dickbags" and is far more interested in building his personal brand than he is in doing the job you pay him to do.

Why are people surprised? They are very obvious "corporate" people. They don't care about us, all they want is money, as long as they get money, they are fine with it. You act ilke they give us what they want and listen, that's what they want you to believe but that's never going to be the case. Anyone who falls for this is delusional. Mike Morhaime had to step down, and Activision corporate people are stepping in. Surprise? They're in it for money. Not for their original ideas like gameplay. Ever since Activision bought blizzard it's gone downhill. It will stay that way as long as Activision is there, and you guys just keep handing them money acting like something will change. It won't. Start by unsubscribing and never give them any money until they work shit out. Classic is also going to be just, a cashgrab. The title of "Classic" alone will bring in revenue and that's why they are doing it. Ya'all are fooled easily.


I don't frequent this sub. And I know no one is going to read this comment over a thousand comments below, but this is one heck of a well written article.

&#x200B;

I wish Blizzard would leave Activision personally.
Classic won't bring back that brand new feeling but it's not just nostalgia it's a better game. 
Jesus Christ.  

This speaks to me like I was the one to have written it.  This is what Blizz needs to see.  Not the "QQ AZERITE SUCKS!" posts.  

THIS.   

u/alizbee please for the love of the game, post this on the official forums as well.  

Everyone else, go find it, upvote it, get this in the eyes of the devs.

>I don't know why you think it's a good idea to put talented developers to work on mobile projects - games that your audience doesn't bother playing because we are middle-aged adults who, just like your founders, were raised on PC games.

This is what blizzard doesn't understand. The average blizzard player is an adult.. not a kid. But look at Blizzcon.. the way they addressed the audience was like a a presenter addressing kids at Chuck E Cheese. That's how little Blizzard thinks of their fans. 

The day Blizzcon feels more like a GDC conference discussing game design and less like a high school prep rally is the day Blizzard will be back on the right track.
hope she sees this bro...
I'm starting to hate the non stop open letters to blizzard as much as I hate battle for azeroth.

Just kidding, nothing is worse than bfa.
I know it's easy to say Blizzard won't see this and that all of this doesn't matter, but damn, there are so many comments with personal experiences here. You could spend a long while reading about how much this game has meant to people.
[deleted]
Canceled the sub. This post was the last straw. 
"Zandalari trolls aren't in the game. But they will be... "soon". You've tried to hide that exclusion behind storytelling, but it's a thin mask. Patch 8.1 launched on December 11th. The Battle for Dazar'alor (a cumbersome name) won't launch until January 22nd - conveniently just a little bit more than 30 days after someone who might have re-upped for 8.1 started paying for your game again." 

Ouch. I didn't sit down and really think about the timeline, but ouch...
This post got more gold than i could buy in game with my credit card.
Thank you Lightcap, The Patient. Everything you said was enduring and true.


For Azeroth!

-Forcce, The Lightbringer


Jesus Christ, this post is absolutely perfect! Every damn word of it and it fully deserves every award thrown it's way right now. If Blizzard doesn't see this, I don't know if things will ever change. Hell, even if they do see it... who's to say they won't have Ion write up some fancy beat around the bush type of reply like he always ends up spewing out in attempts to quell the storm.

&#x200B;

I'm a vanilla player since day 1 and I agree with the statement that classic won't bring it all back. It won't bring back the whole community, it won't bring back the true love for Blizzard like we used to have... but at least, for some of us anyways, it will bring back some sense of challenge, drive, accomplishment, wonder and adventure.

&#x200B;

\#BringBackBlizzard
I built Bolvar‘s Hammer from Shadowlands. It has 451 LEDs, creates fog, plays sounds and can even change the color (lich king mode) with the help of a motion sensor. Hope you like it! :)

Creepy comments will result in a ban.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wow) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Does it come with a sudden urge for world domination? Any powers or..... side effects?
Also, here is a full 40 min making-of tutorial video of how I built the hammer: https://youtu.be/iloCsCRPBnY
Curious of what the time and financial cost of something like that is.
[deleted]
yo that's sick. nice work!
This is amazing!

I've been watching your stuff lately and have been incredibly inspired to get into cosplay going forward.  Never too late to start a new hobby right? 

Now if only there were some books I could buy (*thinking*)

But seriously, thank you for making what you make and inspiring others.
That is just stupidly amazing like holy hell imagine actually being talented enough and artistic enough to create something that looks so badass,
I cant even draw a lamp and here you are,

Gg very impressed
BUY HER BOOKS !
Awesome seeing you here, I’ve been following your content for years and you never cease to amaze me. Well done on this one, the sound and motion sensor are such a nice addition !
I'm curious, how is it powered? I mean, I guess it has batteries somehow, but are they easily accessible or even accessible at all?
I have been watching your videos for forever now. I’ve bought some of your books, and you’re the reason I started making cheap little cosplays here and there. Thank you so much for your tutorials and guides! And I’m glad to see you’re on Reddit now too!
Great work!!! I got to meet you at Dragon Con several years ago and you were so nice, i love your druid costumes so much, thank you for sharing your knowledge--you are so talented!
I also write tutorial books about how to make stuff like this! Check them out here: https://www.kamuicosplay.com/ (buy my books!)
Insane work!
This is incredible, looks like you took it right out of the cinematic!
Amazing work! That could pretty much pass as a movie prop on how goods it is.
Good job! looks great
This is crazy good. Phew.
That’s an IRL legendary for sure. Awesome 👏🏼
Obviously, it should have had the change triggered with a Sylvanas sensor...
My dumbass was like how she get a fog machine in the head of the hammer

I’m like that machine is heavy as fuck, come to realize oh yeah you could make mini-smoke machine to get effect

Well played, confused the fuck out of me, had to watch the whole vid, enjoyed it

If you read this, one request, one extra huggle to your corgi for me =3
Wow!!!!!! Amazing work!!!
Amazing!! 

Out of curiosity does it make a different sound if you have the bottom of the handle hit the ground as in the SL video?
First that sick costume from Hartigan, now this. Great week for epic WoW cosplays. 

Awesome stuff.
Nice....

Can you hit someone with it?
Are you teaming up with the person who made the bolvar body suit?
First of all, INCREDIBLE work! Secondly, I really love your dress and have been looking for one like it for a while, do you remember where it is from??
You forgot to include in the spec-list that the Bolvar's Hammer seems to be Corgi-approved! Very impressive looking prop! =)
Absolutly amazing!!! Great work
Holy crap that's awesome.
That's awesome! How did you achieve the smoke effect?
Holy shit I love to tinker and this looks amazing. Do you have a rough estimate of the total cost? (10k/25k/100k?)
This may well be the most awsome thing I have seen in 2020. I bow down before your might.
Probably one of the most epic weapon recreations I've seen, well done! I particularly like the changing color, that is amazing!
Combine it with the guy that just made the armor/mold of Bolvar, both of you guys crushed it!
Don't lie, you actually stole it from Bolvar.

Fucking amazing though.
You should make movie props, holy shit that's amazing work.
By far one of the coolest props I've ever seen built!
How is there not more comments on this? There's millions of updates on that dumbb600 dollar meme. This is dope! Great work!
THIS IS BADASS
Probably would sell pretty fast on the AH
Question is will it crush the skulls of intruders?
I dont play wow but passed this scrolling and had to stop and say how amazing this is. Nice work.
this is the coolest cosplay weapon i've ever seen.
This person is living in 3020. We are all yet in 2020.
This is great! Thanks for sharing
How much does it weigh?
Heyyy i didnt know you were on reddit! Awsome i watch your videos all the time.
Does this consist of all 3D printed parts. I've always wondered how people even begin to create stuff like this.
Fucking awesome
It upsets me that someone can be so passionately amazing at something and not being doing that thing for a living  :(
Is that for sale?
I have no reference of what this game is but that thing is a work of art
I followed you on Instagram religiously until I deleted it and I'm so so so happy to see you here. I've been wondering what you were up to!! This is fantastic!!!
You’re an inspiration- my 1st grader and I did your arm cuff tutorial together
I can't even describe how amazing this is
You are freaking amazing!!! You’ve done an amazing job!!!
as someone who does not play WoW and just happened to come across this...

wow
You are always raising the bar higher and higher! Stellar work!
Can someone Eli5 led lights...... this is an amazing piece of work, but fourhundred!!!

How? Are they in tiny condensed grids?
You've done so much for the cosplay community. Your work is always awesome!
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen. I bet you still lose a 1v1 to a certain OP war chief though.
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
That is the most attractive woman Ive ever seen. Definitely has something to do with the giant battle hammer... but still... jeez its hot in here
Oh my gosh, this is the neatest thing I have seen in a LONG time! How incredible!! How long did it take you to make this?
creepy comments
Still won’t save you from Sylvanas’ plot armor.

It’s literally so thick you could build battleships from it.
Dayum!
Incredible work!
Wow that’s awesome! 👏
I can't imagine how much time and effort went into this, but no matter how much it was it was worth it.  Freakin' amazing.
This is so sick
This is epic!  The creativity that goes into making these kinds of full-sized weapons and armor from games and movies always blows my mind!
This is insane ! Love it so much !
Thats just fucking amazing.
This is hella impressive!
That's pretty damn cool.
That’s such an awesome job! That thing looks sick!
I bend knee before the Nerd Empress.
Your talent is insane. Well done!
Man dude, you are so talented! I wish I was.
Love to see the wiring and control diagram that went into making this. More for a planned event next Halloween presuming we still have a planet.
This is awesome af!
that is just amazing
Damn, that is next level! Incredible work!
Holy shit this is impressive, see ya at the top post soon
Wow, amazing work!
That is unreal. I pay you for it?
Holy moly. That is insane. Well done.
Amazing work!!
That is awesome. Great job with that!
OMG, that is fantastic! Amazing job done!
Take my soul.
Can you control fog output?
Wow! That’s breathtaking! Excellent job and dedication. Looks amazing!!!
Holy fucking shit. That’s amazing. What’s next? Apostle of Argus? Shadowmourne? Benediction/Anathema?
This is amazing work!
I've been following your build of this hammer on Twitter. Very impressive.
Looks amazing! Well done - you have skills!!
Amazing
That’s amazing!
Wow
That is really impressive!
Whoaa, i would love to have one like thattt. Amazing job
Holy crap, that looks amazing!
Badass
Neat
This is insane
This is stunning!! Absolutely amazing! Well done! Your attention to detail is sublime.
Whaaaaat????? This is amazing!!!! Awesome job ☺️
jesus this is CLEAN
Is drooling an appropriate response to this video? This is EPIC!!!!!!!
Holy shit that's incredible!
"Hope you like it"

Ummmmmm i hope someone somewhere is paying you for that ridiculous talent you have and you don't do this level of craftmanship "just for fun".
This is so cool. I wish I knew how to make stuff like this.


Also boop your corgi for me please.
That's fucking dope as shit. Well done.
Outstanding work! Any chance you have the LED code on a GIT?
This is the single most impressive cosplay prop I have seen in literally my entirely life
You never cease to amaze Kamui.
Amazing! Beautiful job!
Amazing
Id love to see it as the final weapon on that show "Forged in Fire". Those blacksmiths would lose their minds.
Omfg....
that is crazy impressive
This is amazing, really, I’ll buy one of those
Wow!!! Amazing.
9 out of 10 needs more smoke
That is so cool!
This is AMAZING. You’re beyond talented.
Impressively good craftsmanship.   Great job.
This is so fucking sick.  Just awesome.
Awesome!! How heavy is it?
Amazing! One day I shall give it a shot
DAAAMMM!!!!!
Thats badass
Omg
My hats off to you ma'am, it is beautiful
Looks incredible.
This is one of the coolest things I've seen on here. The lich queen has arrived!
this is dope
Mad talents, it looks amazing!
Hamma!
Ok, that's BA! Well done
That thing fucks. I’m truly amazed at the craftsmanship
Holy hell, that is next level awesome.
A shame you can't really go smashing with it...
Holy shit!! And blizz be selling over dosed thrall statues haha. You show en how to really craft somethin legendary, maybe they can learn a lil.
INSANE
Absolutely amazing.
This is insane cool!
This is incredibly impressive
This is pretty great........

But will it blend?
This is awesome!!!!
its amazing
The virgin frostmourne vs the chad bolvar hammer seriously though the hammer is such a cool design and seeing it realised in reality is just amazing you've done a fantastic job
That is wild. what's the hammer and shaft made of?
Absolutely amazing work!
Waht's the word I'm looking for? Oh yeah, HOLY SHIT!!!
Hacksmith? Is that you?
That is sick as hell!!  Amazing job!
DUDE IT VAPES!!!
I love it! Also LOVE your grey dress! Super cute 🥰🥰🥰
I don’t even play WOW but came in to comment on how beautifully done that piece is ! So intricate and well thought out, Amazing job :)
You are amazing wow! Nice job
Fantastic work!

I hope you have an armoury full of crap like this.

Is a lot of it 3D printed?
How heavy is it?
Incredible hammer
How much does it weight?
Was ist 3d printed and assembled or was it cut/sculptured by hand?
Amazing!
That’s really badass, I’m sure people would love to buy that.
WOW 😳 that’s unbelievable! I wish I could build things like that!!
I have no idea what that is, but it is really frickin' cool.
Oh my fucking God that's amazing!
Holy shit that is awesome!
Would you consider making the crucible from eternal?
The future is now
amazing
WoW.
And thus the greatest cosplay piece of all time was created
That’s seriously badass! Awesome job.
Wow, you really went above and beyond! I don't know how the BlizzConline will do the cosplay contest this time around, but I'd highly recommend submitting this! As I recall, they usually have a "Weapons" category, although I could be wrong about that last part.
Wow.
Disclaimer: Does not give you the power to defeat Sylvannas
Mate I’d bowl down the street just reppin that mo-fo. Sick bit of work!
Holy. Fucking. Shit. This. Is. Incredible!
Holy crap. This is amazing
How much would it cost me if I wanted to commission you to create a weapon like that for me?
This is amazing!
Absolutely amazing work.
That's awesome. Amazing work.
The hammer looks amazing. Me and my daughter have been watching your youtube videos for years now to get ideas on how to make cosplay outfits and props. Keep up the great work and we'll keep watching your videos.
Thats fucking awesome! Amazing work
Fantastic work!!
Wow!!
HOLY GUACAMOLE
This is real next fucking level right here. Apply for a job at WETA or something. Wow.
I recognized this and you right away, been following for years. Stoked to see you on the front page!
I need this
That thing looks absolutely insane. Good job!
That’s fucking bad ASS
Well that is pretty awesome! Nice work.
This is so cool. 

Can I ask what you use as a power supply?
I haven’t played WoW since early MOP,  but this kinda makes me want to check it out.
THATS AMAZING!!!!!!!
It’s the fog. That’s what is fucking amazing about it. Everything else is cool but the fog is like holy shit
We get it, Bolvar vapes :P
I see you have a Vulpera in your party
We're you on a blizzcon panel years back? From the accent, I feel like I remember you talking a lot about worbler or some material along those lines.

Also those edge highlights are on point. Like straight out of the game.
I feel like I need a 'Letterkenny' opening to say Awesome in every different possible way....
I don’t even play WoW and this is sick
This is possibly the coolest fucking thing I’ve ever seen.
Who cares how many LEDs it has? Whats is the item level!?
Ok first of all that is fucking amazing. Secondly THAT IS FUCKING AMAZING!!!! Did you film making it at all i would love to watch that.
Hammer be VAPING bruh!

&#x200B;

Pass me the juul bruh. Oh damn all i have is Bolvar's hammer...
I wish I was this good at anything.
This is fucking great, do you work in the movie props industry?
Personally I have no idea what any of that means but damn is that awesome!
Jesus fucking Christ that is awesome
In LOVE. Great fucking job
I don't even know wtf that is and it's awesome.
God damn I really want to kill something with that! Well done!
Looks amazing
Is it rude from me to Ask for Bluprints or something , i do have some resources to rebuild it and i really wanna own some kind of sick warhammer(my Fav weapon Type)
Ummmm, I would pay good money for this
This is one of the best cosplay props i've sever seen.
How heavy is it?
If you could film this better I would share it to anyone I know around the world because the weapon is awesome and you're gorgeous. The only problem is the filming.
Of course we like it you did a tremendous job!!
Yo you need that? Also it looks great and wish i was even remotely creative enough to make something like that
People are awesome!
This would be the perfect Halloween costume accessory
That is a fantastic piece. Wow
I would pay big money for something like this just to have in my house
No idea what that is but looks really cool
Consistently impressive
I have to ask, how does anyone who touches that thing resist the urge to try to smash something with it? It just looks so *tempting*!
Only if I had an award to give!  Amazing!!!!!!
This is insanely impressive and amazing!
Shut up and take my money
Can I buy it? Lol
Holy fuck thats amazing
That’s so freaking awesome!
Slammin’!
It looks so majestic, holy hell! I imagine one day you meet someone flexing their doomhammer and you just silently pull out this beast
very cool
I literally was just googling pointers for how to assemble my son’s Sokka helmet from eva foam and an Etsy template and found your YouTube tutorials. So weird that 5 minutes later you turn up on the front page.
451 LEDs? Imagine the FPS on that thing! I hear each LED adds at least 10 frames.
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
Incredible work! Great job.
This is why I love watching your cosplay videos! This is amazing!!!!!
Wait, is shadowlands released?
So how heavy is it?
Yeah that hammer looks hot. Great work of yours.
Phenomenal work as always. I bought your books 3 years ago when I first got into cosplay and they have been immensely helpful.
Such beatiful work. I'm so jealous of your skills. I really want to get into this stuff, but it seems so impossibly hard.
Very freaking cool, amazing work!
way to go. it's funny how you can be proud for a complete stranger. way to go.
You did a fantastic job on this!
that is dope as fuck
Goddamn, left my jaw hanging open. This is amazing work!
Shit like this always makes me want to resub.
What would you sell that for?
No creepy comments!?

But it's spooktober...

👻💀BOO!💀👻

Anyway, that hammer is incredibly crafted... Well done!
WAWAWEEWA
the music u chose makes me want to play again but for only 20 minutes..
The hammer is awesome!

...also where did you get the top you were wearing in the first scene? That's cute AF
Dope
**screams in Lich**
This is dope. Genuinely awesome work!
As someone who doesn’t care one bit about this kind of stuff let me say: ho lee shit that is amazing. I would never be able to even begin to create something that cool. Very well done. That’s literally amazing
That's hot
Amazing, as an alliance DK main I would love to have this on my wall...or walk around town with it lol
Wow wow wow
what materials is it mostly made of? thats incredible
This is amazing, great work.
You're amazing.
Holy shit you’re talented! That’s amazing 🔥
Bad ass!
Outstanding!!!
Well that’s fucken awesome.
Absolutely amazing. You guys nailed it!
Holy damn. Now this is a weapon that would actually be a real legendary. Just imagine it.
This is absolutely incredible. What an amazing job you've done
Bruh 😲
But can it lose against Sylvanas?!
It evens works as a hammer! But only once
Metal af.
Dude that is next level, holy fuck! Beautiful, amazing work. You are a true craftsman.
This makes me mourn the no blizzcon this year because of all the fantastic cosplay this community produces. As a pleeb I am in awe of your talents!
That is sickeningly cool.

And me saying that, is why I am not cool.
A: This looks great

B: Bolvar's hammer needs a name. We can't just keep calling it Bolvar's hammer. I propose Fireblood, like the Hearthstone card.
I dont even play WoW and thats insane.
Grrrrrrrl. Beautiful work! I bet you can win a ton of cosplay awards just with it.
Oh man!! All I can say /bow to the king!
This is beyond dope! Great job.
That is cool as shit!
Fucking incredible
That is amazing! Well done!!
The dude who made the Bolvar cosplay should link up with you!
Effin Awesome!
Can you smash a watermelon with it though
I made soup today and it came out average....i need to up my game
That is 3xtra cool. The fog makes it even better.
How much does that weigh? Looks rad!
HOLY CRAP!
How much does it weigh?
this is seriously amazing
Wonder how much it weighs that’s a big hammer! It came out great though!
That's one hell of an amazing skill to be able make something that incredible
WoW.
This is the most beautiful piece of cosplay goodness I've ever laid my eyes upon. It's a work of art.
No idea where that's from but it's pretty f'ing awesome
This is incredible. Is there any opportunity to buy one of these?
I’ll take 2 please.
Stop
The only flaw I see is that I can't crush people's skulls with it
I want this, not as a WoW fan, just cuz if someone breaks into my home I can terrify the shit out of them
yeah, mkay. I'm not into lightsabers and cosplay toys, but dat fog doe... this got me sold.  


Edit: she knows what she doin... "she's all that" mode with the glasses...
This is fucking legit, nice work
Omfg, sooo cooool! Great job op!
This video is another meaning of Awesome ⚡⚡⚡
Cool, cool. How do i get several of these?
That is top fucking talent right there
What the fuck that's incredible
hows it vape?
Now post a video of the hammer with the corgi 🐶
I havent played wow in years and this is incredible
This is absolutely incredible!
You are God like
I saw when you finished it on your Facebook! :D your videos are always inspiring and I'm hoping one day to finally bite the bullet and try making some stuff.
That’s awesome
Next. Level.
Holly shit, this is truly amazing and impressive. Well done, I watched your video and it was interesting, i loved the comparison of you and blovar near the end especially the smoke out of your nose lol was a good touch.
Great work
This is awesome.
:O
Your insane for this. In the best possible way.
Holy fuck that’s awesome. 
 Time to take on the shadowlands!
That is mad cool. Great job, looks amazing!
RIP TotalBiscuit July 8, 1984 - May 24, 2018

I ran WoW Radio with TB for years before I left to work at Blizzard. He was a good friend and a great presenter. We went to the first Blizzcon together and Broadcast the whole thing back before the Virtual Ticket was even a thing, we may not have always agreed on everything but we never let it get the way of our friendship, he even had me as his Best Man at his wedding. Sadly while working at Blizzard I had to distance myself from WoW Radio and me and TB drifted apart, we chatted a bit a few years back, but  I regret not reaching out to him before this happened. 

Gaming as a whole lost a great content creator today, his family lost a Great Father and Husband,  and any anybody who knew him lost a great friend.

Rest in Peace, Brother. 
So sad. I got into his content during Cataclysm Beta and ever since I've loved it.

Cancer blows man. RIP.
This is so fucked, I remember seeing him post his last statement just a few weeks ago talking about how things took a turn for the worse and how he wanted to spend his remaining time here with his family. I remember watching his videos as a kid and I loved him, one of the original youtubers along with Husky that got me into PC gaming. 

I hope he spent as much as time a he could with them in his final weeks, one of the rare times a celebrity/e-celebrity's death actually has me feeling sad. Rest in peace. 
The fact that he said he felt better 2 days ago makes me remember my dad that died from cancer. He said 2 days before his death he felt better and that he was sure he had awhile to live still.

Shit sucks man.
Damn, that's a gut shot from left field.

Don't wait to go to the doctor if things seem wrong folks.  TB himself said in one of his early announcement videos that he waited way longer than he should have after noticing new/weird/uncomfortable symptoms and that others shouldn't make his same mistakes.  I can't pretend to know whether that would have made any difference, but proper screening and early detection can do wonders across the board.

Don't be proud or squeamish and try to stick around for yourself and your loved ones folks.  RIP TotalBiscuit
Leveling your character back in the day and listening to Wow Radio. 

"B-b-but Kungen, we crit for 10k!" 

"That's nothing, watch and learn maggots. 500k revenge crit!
This may be an old and tired thing to do/say

But he deserves an ingame NPC in Zandalar.

He played a troll(FIRE!) mage and it would be a perfect fit for his old WoW character.
This man did more for both /r/wow and /r/pcmasterrace than most people will ever realize.  God speed on your next adventure, TotalBiscuit.
>Dark were the skies and chill was the wind as the land was covered in a veil of malice.

>Across the hill did ride a dread army of the night.

>Cloaked in mist and fog, and prepared to rain down death and destruction upon the land.

>And the people did cry out for a saviour, a noble soul to save them from their impending demise.

>Just as it seemed all was lost, in strode a mighty hero. Clad in shimmering metal from head to toe. Wielding a terrible broadsword, he did cleave his foes in two, smashing their ranks asunder with a righteous fury.

>And when the day was done and the enemy strewn across the field in pieces, the people did turn to the warrior and say, "We shall name this day in your honor. Speak unto us your wisdom".

>The warrior said one word that day.

>"EPIC!!!"

And what an epic life it was. Taken far too soon. I will cherish the memories I have of him and my condolences to Genna and Orion.

[Backcatalog](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BzN90CC_xhvDbE1UUmhIdWg3aGc) of TB's work with WoWRadio in case anyone is feeling nostalgic.
I always got a sense of honesty when I watched TB.  He always seemed to be fighting the good fight, and brought us honest and unbiased reviews and opinions on things in the gaming industry.  He brought a level of professionalism to the early online days of gaming related content that has definitely left an impact.  

God damned shame.
Rest in peace John. You're the biggest reason I ever got into PC gaming. The world is a better place for you having been in it.

Seriously, fuck cancer in every form.
I always felt the Mexicans had a good way of viewing death. 

This should not be a day of grief, but a day of celebration.

He set the standard for me when it comes to quality games, and really showed how to give constructive criticism. He has entertained me countless of hours, introduced me to even more fantastic charaters.


 


John, I think you impacted more lives for the better, than you could ever have realized. 

I'm not a religious person, but should your spirit ever doubt what you have accomplished in life, know that you left this world a little better than it was when you started, and that nothing else matters.

So with sincerity I cannot describe well enough with words:

 


John Peter Bain, 

Må du för evigt vila i frid.


[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cayrz0368hs) by quill18 describes perfectly how I feel about TotalBiscuit.

RIP :(
I didn't agree with him on a lot of things, in fact, I thought the guy was a straight up dick a lot of the time, but it was very obvious he genuinely cared for his friends, and did what he did because he loved his job, and thought it was important to keep people informed and to hold the industry accountable.

It's easy to respect someone you don't like.

And that's what I think TB was.

A respectable dick.

https://www.cancerresearch.org/join-the-cause/donate
Discovered him during his coverage of the Cataclysm beta and followed him since. Rest in Peace :( Cancer can suck a fat one.
Jesus Christ... I just can't deal with this. I have been such a massive TB fan for years. I've watched his videos since the Cataclysm beta. I'm so heartbroken.
A friend of mine passed away in 2013 to, I think, the same cancer as TB. He was literally the reason my wife and I started playing World of Warcraft in college, and we all kept playing it together till after he was medically discharged from the army. A year later it spread to his lymph system. I remember having a conversation with him sounding normal on mumble one week....then not long after, we didn't heat from him.

"Oh you guys like Warcraft III? Do you play the MMORPG? I don't like it as much as Everquest, but that is so cool you two like a similar game."

We're both 34 now, and my friend was about 29 years old when he passed....  And now today hearing about TB's passing at 33 (he's literally just a month younger than I)...i can't...ok, didn't expect to actually be tearing up typing on a WoW subreddit.

I've enjoyed TB's youtube work since the pre Cataclysm testing days, and know I'll defintely miss his WTF critiques. Goddamnit Cancer is a fucker. 


Will always love his WoW content. Sad to see him go. We lost a good one. RIP
First and foremost: goodbye TB, you will be missed within the gaming community.

Second: I shouldn't have to play dad to idiots who don't know that this isn't the time and place to talk  shit about people who have died. You will be banned for doing so. Show a modicum of maturity; if you didn't like the guy *shut up and leave the thread without saying anything*.
Aww man, I was addicted to him from the start of Cata right up to when he stopped doing WoW stuff when they nerfed BoT and BWD.

That really sucks. Is there a TotalBiscuit NPC in WoW already? Because now is the time.
My wow journey started before I ever even touched or had seen the game.

I was some small age and had just gotten my PSP, and was flipping through the radio stations and came across [WoWRadio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0SUlm6iRPc).

This launched me into figuring out about the game, and ended up being a game I played for almost a decade. I am absolutely destroyed by this news. I have no other real words I can say.


Build more Harvesters john. I will never forget the content and influence that came from it. 
Creator of Blue Plz and [one video I'll never forget](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1SM8E-7ZGo).
The Emperor will remember you. 

I first learned of him from the yogscast and then got even more into him during the cataclysm days. His voice, humor, original opinions, and professionalism made him one of a kind. He honestly created the best reviews and opinion pieces on youtube. It was such a joy watching him all these years and I am just so sad he is gone. 
Damn, so sad to hear this. RIP
Fuck RIP TB, loved his youtube recommendations.
RIP John. You will be missed by so many.

Fuck cancer.
RIP :(
Watched his old vids of the Cata Beta, and even started playing Planetside 2 because of him. Very sad.
rip legend
One man. 
One murloc. 
One giant angry badger. 

This is Blue Plz. It begins NOW. 
That's incredibly sad. :\( RIP TotalBiscuit.
This is so sad to hear. Such a notable individual in the gaming world taken from us far too early.
Rest in Piece, our brother.
The reason I loved wow when I was a stupid 20 year old uni student was because I watched his Azeroth Daily vids. Sad times,... sad times...
I never really cared for his videos, but man, that blows. My thoughts go to his family and loved ones. It is never easy losing someone this way.

R.I.P. TotalBiscuit
I have fond memories of playing WoW while listening to Blue Plz!, He was always a enjoyable person to listen too no matter the subject.
This is devastating to hear and he will be missed.

[One of my favorite videos of his from way back.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMiJnVxJdko)
It's absolutely terrifying that you can be living your life normally, doing everything right, and after one doctor's appointment, you can be handed a death sentence. This can happen at any point in your life and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. Hell, some people don't even see their first birthday before it happens to them.

If there's any silver lining to be had, it's that it feels like he spent his life doing something he was deeply passionate for and genuinely enjoyed every moment of it. We should all be so lucky to say the same when our time comes.
It's actually disgusting how many people are celebrating his death. I don't know what's wrong with people man... 


Just heard about this watching Allcraft. RIP
RIP
RIP TB
You're a legend.
And I say you're because you're still here, in all our hearts. <3

Rest In Peace... much respect to the troll mage...
Good night sweet angry brit.
I would listen to that man read the dictionary. We’ve lost a good one. RIP
First person I ever subscribed to.

And on my birthday ):
I think the first video I ever saw from TB was for [Welcome to the Machine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvF1o1ObPr0) (the best quest in Cataclysm). I've been watching his videos since. This is a terrible loss to his family and the gaming community in general. He touched many lives and he will be deeply missed.

My deepest sympathies are with his family and friends. May they never know such sorrow again.

[deleted]
His ping has reached zero.

May he remain forever at zero ping.
I know my comment will get drowned in the sea of reddit posts and while that being said I cant help but express about the feelings I had and the amount of adoration  I had  for this man.  Words cant describe emotions evoked, the nostalgia felt and the homage  renowned that was received listening to this mans incite on games from diablo to Starcraft to terraria to literally name anything. Im rushed with overwhelming nostalgia even thinking about the times storming winter grasp while listing to a commentary of this entertainer, Coming home from a tough day day of school and listening to a review by  this man was the light at the end of the tunnel. I have no proper way to say this but got damn, this man kept me sane, this man kept happy, this man was nothing other then his true honest self.   A thousands hymns over his body, I know his after life will be one of glory. RIP total biscuit you influenced my life as well as many others and that, my friend, is a legacy to be proud of.  
Fuck cancer. 
I thought he was older, it's a sad day when someone so young and talented passes on.
Rest in peace :(
:( Rest in Peace
Oh man I don't know how to react
So friggen sad. I used to listen to his podcast while I would play Wow.
Fuck cancer, seriously. Nothing but chills and a heavy heart when I saw this. Jeez, man.
Cancer fucking sucks. 
in 2010-2011 I was homeless and sleeping inside of computer labs but i found a lot of comfort playing wow/starcraft II -- specifically really sucking at starcraft & grouping up in the cataclysm beta with TB as he documented the changes to thousands of things, being so close (fleetingly) to someone who ran blueplz was a starstruck moment for me and really kept me going back then

I'll be grateful for that forever, I think, for the experiences I had back then
The way he and Jesse Cox talked about the upcoming Legion expansion on their podcast actually got me to look into the game for the first time. There was such enthusiasm that I couldn't help but feel that I was missing out on something.


The man deserves a statue.
I wasn't a big follower of TB. But not only did he do huge work to keep my favorite e-sport alive, but more importantly:

He never stopped hammering that video games are a consumer product and we are the consumers. Not only does this entitle us (which is not in itself a bad word) to a certain degree of expectations, but also puts a lot of responsibility in our hands. When consumers were getting fucked, he spoke up, when consumers were *actively fucking themselves* he spoke up.

I gots mad respect for the man for that alone, and many of his arguments always keep popping back into my mind when I see the internet being silly. Dude made some very serious points about what is basically a fun hobby, and usually in a very entertaining way. Because as another tragically deceased cynical british hero of mine often pointed out: Serious and funny are not opposites.

TB did good work, is what I'm saying.
My condolences to the Bain family and to everyone who invited Totalbiscuit into your homes/screens/battlestations/podcast subscriptions. Just to note at the great reach of a man lost too soon as of 21:05 Central time US the top 10 posts in r/all are dedicated to John “Totalbiscuit” Bain.  
Im just writing this to add a drop to the ocean.

TB was a great man who stood up for his principles and was so stubborn cancer had to do 2 passes on him. 

I hope his legacy on Youtube, Twitch, and the literal thousands of games he influenced remains a part of the gaming world. 
Always hits like a truck when someone who you always deeply liked dies of cancer. May the man get the rest he deserves after putting in the fight he did.  RIP. 
For some reason the thing I always remember when I think of him was his rant during Cataclysm beta about the seagulls. Still makes me laugh all these years later.

May he be at peace, and may his family have the support and love they need to carry on.

Also, I will be sorely disappointed if Blizz don't memorialize him in-game somewhere in BfA. Preferably hanging out with a motherfucking seagull.
So sad man.
This is heart breaking. I'll never forget his cataclysm coverage videos. Rip man you will be missed.
dang
RIP \- he'll live on forever through the people he entertained and inspired.
Fuck.............this sucks.
Oh man this really hits hard. RIP brother you'll be remembered. 
Rip TB. So sad to see a young person die. 
Ahh, shit.  :/  I was never big into youtuber stuff, but any time I happened over and listened to one of his vids, he was always passionate and I always had the sense he was telling me his truth, and not sponsorship deals.

And he was younger than me.  Damn, man, damn.  I'm so sorry, TotalBiscuit and family, cancer sucks.
RIP.
I watched some of his wow stuff.
I watched some of his starcraft stuff.
I watched some of his "wtf is" stuff before deciding whether to buy or pirate.
RIP.
Damn this isn’t what I wanted to see today. I haven’t played WoW in years but I’ve always loved TB. RIP mate. 
Straight up legend. Rest in peace, John!
Wow, I remember when he first announced it, I thought he was doing alright but I hadn't checked in awhile. This is a shame :(
RiP
Rip to the best most Cynical brit out there :(
For all the League players, there used to be a mastery named after this man, who was one of the game designers! 
He’s been sick for years and we knew this day would come, but it’s hitting a lot of us harder than we thought it would. He was such an influencial person in the gaming community and had an impact in our lives some way or another.

For me, I started watching his YouTube during the Cata beta. It’s where I discovered him, Jesse Cox, and Yogscast. They all did collabs together which kept me laughing for hours on end. I didn’t agree with his views on the game after he decided to quit. I actually got quite upset, I felt he turned his back on the WoW community with all the really harsh and negative criticism towards the WoW Blizzard team. But that’s what I came to respect about him - that we all have differing opinions and aren’t always going to see eye to eye. We all have different interests and reasons why we love some games over others.

My love and condolences go out to his wife Genna, their son, his family and friends, and doggies who will all miss him greatly. I hope Genna is able to get the help and support she will need over the upcoming months, even year(s).
Jesus, the guy is barely 4 months older than I am...

Way too young... will be sorely missed.
As some of you here, I first found him during Cataclysm Beta. His and Yogcast's videos were the only info I had in those days about the beta and oh man how I loved them.

I'm actually really sad to see he passed away. FUCKING FUCK YOU CANCER
I'll never forget this man's passion, dedication and his overall work. He was amazing, and I will continue to consider him as such. He was the reason so many are where they are today. A great inspiration and role\-model, and of course a complete nerd, just like all of us. Rest in Peace mr. Biscuit, you will be missed!
I awkwardly approached him at an Outback Steakhouse 5 years ago. He was with his family and seemed like a great guy. After shaking his hand, I ran out of the restaurant like a little schoolgirl. Had I known, I would've reached down into his colon and ripped the cancer out myself.
Blue plz!

Gone too soon.
Jesus. I have listened to his podcast every week  for years.   Watched his videos for years. I hope his family have the support they need to get through this. It's heartbreaking.
I found TotalBiscuit on youtube sometime between WoTLK and Cata. He was very entertaining to watch, interesting to listen to and very informative. Just like my dad before he passed away from cancer, he kept doing the things he love to do to the very end.

Rest in Peace, TB. And thank you for all that you've done.
Rest in peace!

Thank you for the countless hours of entertainment you have given since i first saw you in the old Cataclysm days.

You will never be forgotten 🤘❤ 
I hope blizzard does something for them at Blizzcon, even if its subtle it'd be a nice gesture given all hes done for the community. 
Being mature is NOT just outright banning people for saying something that you disagree with. You should be freely able to say whatever you want so long as you're an adult and be respectful about things.

At the risk of getting banned, I'll simply say this. Personally, I didn't like the guy. I talked to him a couple times and my impression of him wasn't very positive, I'll simply say that.

Now, WITH that being said, I wouldn't wish cancer on anybody. Especially that sort of cancer. He was REALLY young to have that, and I feel sorry for his family and that he had to go through that.

Regardless of my feelings towards him, he was certainly an asset to the gaming community and did a lot for it. He'll be missed by a lot of people, and the community certainly lost one of it's irreplaceable icons.
Why will Cata go down as a better expansion  than WoD? 

Because John was there to make it all better. I wish there was something we could have done to make him all better. Fuck cancer...

RIP. 
For some reason what sticks with me most when i think of TB and WoW was his early look at Cataclysm, where he spent a large portion of the video talking about the updated water effects.

This is an enormous loss for the gaming community, and for advocates of consumer rights and freedom on the whole. Such a lovely man with a true passion for what is right and just, and how large corporations should treat their customers. 

He cut through the bullshit, subjected himself to terrible games to save us from having to, provided seemingly endless hours of entertaining content through podcasts and YouTube videos (including the fabled 'WTF is...' series), and so much more.

I'm absolutely devastated. I never had the pleasure of meeting John, however through watching and listening to so much of his content I really feel this loss. A pillar of the gaming community as a whole has been lost.

What we must do now is remember his message; remember that we shouldn't be taken for fools, that we shouldn't allow companies to get away with whatever they want, that we have power in numbers and with our wallets.

My ONE interaction with him in Warcraft was when he started a Troll guild... I believe back in cata? it might have been trollface.jpeg or something like that, and I joined the guild. I was mainly an Alliance player but I thought it would be fun to be part of something like that. I whispered him saying 'so trolls are pretty cool', and he replied with a simple 'ofc :>'... that was enough for me.

May he rest in peace - and condolences to his family and friends. You will not be forgotten.
Wait, I just decided to come back to the game after a little while, and....  TotalBiscuit died today?  Is this for real, not some joke?  I saw the RIP tweet, but is that a REAL RIP?

If it is legit, many RIPs to you my friend from a long, long time ago.  You'll be missed.
O7
Damn wasnt ever crazy about his content but i can respect him for the work he put in, i did however follow his condition quite a bit for a few years hearing that he died is quite the blow. RIP totalbiscuit
Man, fuck cancer. 

Rest In Peace.
This reminds me of my Granddad who had cancer. I was talking to him a week before he died and he told me (I was a little kid) he'd be out by Monday to take me fishing. Sunday we get the phonecall he didn't have long left. I can't even wrap my head around the mechanics of death, he was tweeting just a few days ago, now he's gone.
Fuck cancer.
Would be really surprised if Blizzard doesn't put an NPC into the game in honor of him.
How sad. Fuck cancer. TB was a source of great entertainment and he will be missed.
I'll always remember TB for this [kungen wow radio bit.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc8Od86oEsg)
Rest in peace, dude. You are missed.
I've been following this man for a decade and even though I never met him, I feel like a lost a friend today. Rest in Peace TotalBiscuit, The Cynical Brit, John Bain. Rest easy, old friend.
big fan, originally introduced through his WoW content. RIP TB.
Thank you for your contribution to the gaming community, your existence has enriched all of our lives. RIP TB you will be missed.
I loved TB wow vids on YouTube
God Bless You TB.
RIP. Sending positive vibes to your family and friends.
RIP :( 
Fuck. 
Damnit... Only 33 years old (almost 34)... 

I am 32 and I live my life by the saying "momento mori", but this hits almost too close. Even though I know life is precious and I accept that I am going to die, seeing people my age go down is sad, scary, and depressing to me.

RIP TotalBiscuit... 
How many others first found TB through his Cata beta videos?
Blue Plz got me through some dark times in college. Rest in Peace TB. What a legend. 
Rip Legend! Cancer sucks! :\(

Was fan from cata beta. Will miss him!
An ingame character won't do enough justice, Blizzard needs a statue.
Planetside 1 Werner, salutes.

A few of us remember how he was considering getting into the biz back then...
Damn.  That sucks.

I loved TB's content.  I started watching him some time before Cataclysm was released and continued to watch long after.  What can I say?  I love sarcasm and video games.  He mixed the two perfectly.

His Hearthstone content is why I started playing the game and despite not enjoying playing Starcraft 2, his casting got me into watching that game as well.  And his game reviews were some of the most honest criticism I've watched.  It helped his taste in games had some overlap with my own.

So long, TB.  If I can find a top hat, I shall tip it to your memory.
Damn, he was born on my birthday. Glad we shared that :/ 
I was first introduced to TB by watching his Cataclysm Beta videos as him playing a fire mage. 

Good times. Rest easy my good sir. I wish you could have lived longer :(
Had the pleasure of raiding with him in TBC when he was named TotalHalibut (lol). One of the funniest guys I ever met, always a funny and/or uplifting story to tell. 

Sad day today :( 

Rest in peace halibut.
I grew up with you John, from your wow days to fighting SOPA. You were always for the gamer. You stood up for us and now we stand for you. I never met you in person but I hope to see you someday, on whatever other side there might be. Thank you man. One last time I chant the quote you bellowed, that would never fail to put a smile on my face. 

SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE! BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!

Rest in peace, you titan. 
Blue Plz! and other WoWRadio shows was what I listened to while leveling in WoW waaaaaay back in the day. I'll always respect TB's honest game critique even if I didn't agree with him all the time. May Almighty God rest his eternal soul. Requiescat in pace.
Fuck cancer.
Rip TB. Thank you for your content. I hope you’re in a better place 
Rest in Peace John, you were an absolute legend and you'll never be forgotten ❤️
This is devastating, I knew it was coming, but it still hit me like a Mac truck.   TB rekindled my interest in wow.  My deepest condolences to his wife, and may he rest well, the gaming world lost one hell of a fighter. 
RIP TB, loved your videos.
Was never a fan of his, but short of a genocidal maniac I'm always saddened when someone dies. Cancer is the enemy that never stops, never rests, and even when you think you've beaten it, it'll come back with a vengeance. RIP Mr. Bain.
I never cared for alot of his views but my condolences go out to his family, cancer is fucked man
Darkspear never die
Rest Easy, TB. 
Rest In Peace my friend, you were an informative voice of reason for many of us.
My dad had cancer and managed to beat it. I was really hopeful TB would pull through, just a short while ago it seemed like he had it beat. Rest in peace.
 Rest in peace Total biscuit  


He has been one of the best people I've ever found on the internet and everything he did was funny and amazing. I get nostalgia from watching his first videos and I've been following his online presence for years from his youtube channel to his steam group. This man is truly an amazing person and I am devastated to hear that he died.   


May you have peace in the after life 
Rest in peace John. And thank you for your passion and massive contributions to our hobby. You have no doubt had a huge impact on many people and the industry as a whole. R.I.P.
Rest in peace John. He truly was one of the greatest people to have in the gaming community and it's really sad to see him losing the fight after all. I hope Blizzard will immortalize him in one way or the other in their games. My thoughts are with his family :(.
Always been a fan. RIP. 
Family, friends, fans, followers, rivals, enemies, haters. Will be missed by all. Died way too soon. Rest in peace John 'Totalbiscuit'.

:\(
This makes me want to cry. The thought of the pain of his loved ones is too horrible for me. 

I loved Blueplz on wowradio. That shit is in my heart forever.

RIP. 
He was born the year I graduated high school. What a shame. 
RIP TB.  You were a legend, an amazing person, and unreplacable to our gaming community.  The world just got a little darker, as you were a bright light to us all.  You will be missed; my prayers to all friends and family.  
TB was my gateway into esports back when Starcraft 2 first came out. He was always fun to watch cast games because he wasn't just a caster, he was a shoutcaster as he always liked to call himself. He put so much passion into those casts and made SC2 games enjoyable to watch. When that scene died down I continued to watch his review videos because I valued his no BS reviews before picking a game. I can't believe we'll never get one of those again. Rest in peace you wonderful man.

FUCK CANCER!!!
Sleep tight Sweet prince.... we will never forget you.. 
RIP John.
Rest in peace
I was so terribly upset to hear about his passing this morning. My heart goes out to Genna and their family. He was a great entertainer and he will be sorely missed. RIP Cynical Brit. 
Rest In Peace brother... gone but never forgotten 
Was always hopeful he'd beat it, an excellent content creator and critic, will be missed.

A nice tribute would be a troll dancing on a mailbox somewhere, if Blizzard would be so kind.

Rest in peace good sir & condolences to his family.
I always appreciated his honesty and bluntness, despite any flack he may have gotten for it. He had a great sense of humor as well. He left behind a legacy that the gaming community will always celebrate. My sincere condolences for Genna and the rest of his family.
I simply have no words. TB was by far one of my favourite content creators. I am so glad that TB put the Co-Optional podcast in the hands of his lovely wife, and I couldn't think of a more honourable person to continue in his legacy. This also applies to the rest of the Co-Optional crew: Jesse, Brooke, I'd even venture out to say Crendor, these people will live up to John's name. Through them will we, in the coming years, remember the moments we shared with TB, and I couldn't think of better people to carry this burden.

Rest in peace, John. The world will be darker place without you. You will be deeply missed.
Still can't really believe it :(
Blue plz!
This is so fucking awful man. I listened to the co optional podcast religiously for such a long time. I don't even know what to think/say about this. It feels so horrible losing such a fucking legend in the WoW and PC community. His reviews were something else too. John Bain deserved so much better than this.

This guy should be forever celebrated. He has been such a huge part of so many different game communities, and was one of the most real gamers out there.
Just woke up, feeling shitty and not very good at these things but I want to give it a try.

I did not know Jon Bain nor I'll pretend I did, but I like to think I knew Total Biscuit. From Blue Please to Cataclysm Beta this man helped me grow a critical mind and after that he made me open my eyes to the wonders of gamming.

I would not be the person that I am today widouth him in my life. His Terraria series still his my go to playlist wend I fell bad and need a pick me up. WTF is... showed me so many good games and gave me somany hours of entertainment like no other and his Podcast introduced me to so many others people whom I learn from.

He was a paragon in a industry filled with deceit, bad business practices and anti-consumer mindset. Transparency and honesty where his biggest strengths.

I may not always share his opinion, but I always admired him. You will be missed, and thank you for everything.
Who is he exactly?
He goes with the Emperor now.
Such a huge loss. Loved catching Azeroth Daily back in Cata. A legend in so many ways - rest in peace :(
I really hope WoW puts in an acknowledgement for him in BFA. He deserves one. I quietly just watched his content for years... my heart feels broken right now.
RIP. I really enjoyed his YT videos.
I remember when I first started watching his videos covering the Cataclysm beta. Think I'll revisit those tonight.

He will be missed.
He made me feel bad enough about buying games on sites like G2A and Kinguin I actually stopped going there. The power of this man was incredible and he will be sorely missed. RIP
I always thought it was weird never seeing his videos pop up in my feed much the past two years. What a shame. His videos were always one that I clicked on and thoroughly enjoyed. He’ll definitely be missed 😔
Rip john bain, first thing i saw this morning. 
I have never been touched by the death of a public person before... 

I just got back from work at the hospital (where I deal with death as a part of my every day). 
I thought I was desensitised to it but upon reading the news I all of a sudden felt lost... as person.
The emotions pouring out of me are all so overwhelming. 

I followed his work all the way from 'The Chronicles of The Goldfarmer' to SC2...
I never commented on any video or contributed to his community. But I see now that he was a major influence on me in my teens... 

He managed to connect with me, even if I was only an anonymous view on his video. 
If his voice and heart could convey a message so touching to me... I get this deep gut wrenching feeling trying to imagine how big this loss must be to his closest......

[Link to his goldbotter trolling](https://youtu.be/wUB0jL70oo4)
Very sad. Rip my friend
For ever missing his summer sale videos and reviews. He was an Og in the YouTube gaming community. 
I liked this guy, he said things exactly how he saw it.
[deleted]
Never heard of him, but I hate streams. Regardless never fun when someone dies.
Very sad to hear. Prayers to the family. 
Goddammit this is sad. His unfiltered style of reviewing games is something I really appreciated. RIP.
Kungen got the last laugh :(
R.I.P. TotalBiscuit

No one deserves to die from cancer like that
Wow, I remember reading his farewell letter to the community only a few weeks ago. I didn't think it would happen this quickly. I hope he was able to get some closure with his family before the end. I never watched his content but he seemed like a cool guy. Rest in peace. 
Activision Blizzard Sued By California Over ‘Frat Boy’ Culture

## We will try to keep the allegations from former employees up to date, but statements by those still at Blizzard are not going to be updated. There's just way too many of them to keep track of.

----

## If you are featured in this post or across the sub more broadly and do not want to be, reach out to us [with this link](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/wow) and we will (after verifying you on Twitter, or elsewhere) remove your tweets from the thread or sub.

TW: Violence against women, sexual harassment, suicide. 

If you want to read the report filed by the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, [click here](https://aboutblaw.com/YJw).

You can fast forward to Page 11 and read the sex discrimination practices, and Page 14 for the sexual harassment allegations.

***

Activision Blizzard has released a statement regarding the lawsuit that [you can read here](https://twitter.com/charlieINTEL/status/1418018281148010498/photo/1)

***

Many former Blizzard employees are talking about their experiences on Twitter. We've verified they are former employees by cross referencing them on Linkedin and included their job title(s) as well as how long they were at the company. 

Person | Job Titles | Time spent at the company | When they left | Link to their tweet
---|---|----|----|----
skrutsick | Game Master, Senior Game Master, Producer | 13 years 7 months | April 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/skrutsick/status/1418006293495762944)
RainofTerra | Senior Systems Engineer | 4 years 1 month | January 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/RainofTerra/status/1418040703460855809) -- [Response to Morhaime](https://twitter.com/RainofTerra/status/1418846226951331843)
cronym | Senior Site Reliability Engineer | 2 years 6 months | May 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/cronym/status/1418027047960465408) & [proof she worked there](https://twitter.com/cronym/status/997737775720939520)
KaylaGlover | QA, StarCraft Esports, OWL | 6 years 2 months | January 2021 | [Link](https://twitter.com/_KaylaGlover/status/1418022610072268801)
alaurei | Various positions as project manager | 6 years 10 months | April 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/alaurei/status/1418023598044839938)
Kylethatkyle | Social Media Content Producer for Overwatch League | 1 year 2 months | November 2018 | [Link](https://twitter.com/KyleThatKyle/status/1418029075344478208)
Callmequestifer | Game Master and Game Designer | 7 years 2 months | October 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/CallMeQuestifer/status/1418021398417526788) -- [another](https://twitter.com/CallMeQuestifer/status/1418301068522319873)
Alex_frostwolf | PR Writer, Social Media Manager, Blizzcon Contest Manager | 5 years | 2018 | [Link](https://twitter.com/alex_frostwolf/status/1418036361433477120)
Neleimour | Translator for the Spanish client, Associate Community Manager | 7 years 6 months | November 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/Neleimour/status/1418014684901298177)
Caden House | Game Master, Assistant Community Manager | 3 years 1 month | April 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/CadenHouse/status/1418012426008776705)
cherthedev | Software Engineer | 1 year 1 month | August 2016 | [Link](https://twitter.com/cherthedev/status/1418033762953216018) -- [Followup reacting to Morhaime's statement](https://twitter.com/cherthedev/status/1418800929407635457) -- [Another reply to Morhaime](https://twitter.com/cherthedev/status/1419000756057825285?s=21)
onalark | Producer, Program Manager, Senior Program Manager, Senior Product Manager | 11 years 7 months | January 2021 | [Link](https://twitter.com/onalark/status/1418052123896414211)
Jehlers42 | Technical Writer for Customer Support & Service Technologies | 6 years 4 months | October 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/jehlers42/status/1418088191429472258)
RiotAshekandi | Community Manager | 3 years | October 2018 | [Link](https://twitter.com/riotashekandi/status/1418101526023741446?s=21)
Dayntee | Associate Community Manager, Community Manager | 6 years 8 months | April 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/Dayntee/status/1418094065355169797) -- [Updated longer story](https://wtbrecognition.blogspot.com/2021/07/my-experiences-at-blizzard-entertainment.html)
ashliiful | EU Community Team | 4 years 2 months | November 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/ashliiful/status/1418153324692615168)
SHAYNUHCHANEL | Game Master | 2 years 1 month | July 2017 | [Link](https://twitter.com/SHAYNUHCHANEL/status/1418163768463351810)
itsLashes | Community Manager | 3 years | 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/itsLashes/status/1418293333693112320)
RachelDayFX | QA Intern, Technical Artist, Senior FX Artist | 9 years 4 months | November 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/RachelDayFX/status/1418210032466857988)
pedrothedagger | Game Designer, Senior Game Designer | 7 years 1 month | February 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/pedrothedagger/status/1418267404493213700)
bkcrusco | Associate Software Engineer, Software Engineer | 3 years 6 months | October 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/bkcrusco/status/1418241726792142849)
EmberFirehair | Game Designer | 3 years 9 months | July 2021 (last week) | [Link](https://twitter.com/EmberFirehair/status/1418334891805003778)
aludianaIRL | QA Analyst | 4 years 9 months | January 2016 | [Link](https://twitter.com/aludianaIRL/status/1418031465825071106) --- [second](https://twitter.com/aludianaIRL/status/1418338519659864066) -- [Third](https://twitter.com/aludianaIRL/status/1418338519659864066)
BDoodles |  Associate Game Art Producer,  Art Outsourcing / Art Producer, Art Producer: Warcraft Reforged | 4 years 9 months | May 2018 | [Link](https://twitter.com/BDoodles/status/1418799294522535939)
gamedevconnie | QA, CS, Receptionist, EA, Producer | 7 years 11 months | July 2011 | [Link](https://twitter.com/gamedevconnie/status/1418946551834157056)
aneri | User Interface Designer | 2 years 8 months | August 2008 | [Link](https://twitter.com/aneri/status/1418921290904350724)
EndersCourage | Quality Assurance Analyst, Legacy and Mobile Project Lead (QA), Diablo III Assistant Project Lead (QA), Producer, Program Manager, Lead Program Manager | 10 years 5 months | May 2017 | [Link](https://twitter.com/EndersCourage/status/1419030222863695874)
oliviadgrace | Project Manager | 1 year 5 months | July 2016 | [Link](https://twitter.com/oliviadgrace/status/1419005718892478465)
cyaaato |  Associate Software Engineer,  Software Engineer (both Corporate Applications),  Software Engineer (Hearthstone),  Software Engineer (Unannounced Project) | 5 years 7 months | December 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/cyaaato/status/1419028749471805443)
hadidjahb |  FX Artist (Hearthstone), Senior VFX Artist 1 (Hearthstone), Lead VFX Artist (Hearthstone), Senior VFX Artist (Unannounced Project) | 4 years 8 months | August 2020 | [Link](https://twitter.com/hadidjahb/status/1419156163640262662)
rinnywee |  Lead Game Master,  Support Information Team Manager,  Community Manager (Europe) | 9 years 5 months| April 2014 | [Link](https://twitter.com/rinnywee/status/1418123775850201089) -- [update](https://twitter.com/rinnywee/status/1419766745125040133)
Danibat | N/A | 5 years 3 months | August 2014 | [Link](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419156967038271490) -- [second](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419129990789091332) -- [Third](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419090135375912963) -- [Fourth](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419128706715594753) -- [Fifth](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419108683850600448) -- [Sixth](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419114088488112128) -- [Seventh](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1419062661413842951) -- [Eight](https://twitter.com/DaniBat/status/1418719367353749511) 
stinamc | N/A | 6 years | 2014 | [Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/stinamc/status/1418232063790960642) -- [a long list](https://mobile.twitter.com/stinamc/status/1419408766869544963)
Joykins | Specialist Game Master, Art Services Assistant, Assistant Curator | 5 years 10 months | March 2012 | [Link](https://twitter.com/joykinz/status/1419483509471731712)
rolnaaba | Lead Software Engineer | 8 years | April 2021 | [Link](https://twitter.com/rolnaaba/status/1420444629137203203)
MichaelaHMN | Associate Concept / Texture Artist | 4 years 9 months | February 2019 | [Link](https://twitter.com/MichaelaHMN/status/1420829211237838848) -- [backing them up](https://twitter.com/BettyDesuJiang/status/1420862548572737538)
npcSara | Associate Program Director, Program Director | 2 years 7 months | December 2018 | [Link](https://twitter.com/npcSara/status/1421187603735273472)



Other incidents will be listed in bullet points below.

* [Incident with Afrasiabi in 2016](https://twitter.com/CallMeQuestifer/status/1418047576775950339)
* [Blizzard Recruiters Asked Hacker If She ‘Liked Being Penetrated’ at Job Fair](https://www.vice.com/en/article/3aq4vv/blizzard-recruiters-asked-hacker-if-she-liked-being-penetrated-at-job-fair)
* [Activision IT Worker Secretly Filmed Colleagues in Office Bathroom](https://www.vice.com/en/article/7kvm8g/activision-it-worker-secretly-filmed-colleagues-in-office-bathroom)
* [Blizzard's 10 year anniversary DVD](https://twitter.com/GameAnim/status/1420581827698302980)
* [Inside Blizzard Developers’ Infamous Bill ‘Cosby Suite’](https://kotaku.com/inside-blizzard-developers-infamous-bill-cosby-suite-1847378762)
* 




----------

If you are feeling suicidal, please check out the resources below. These resources were put together by the mods of r/suicidewatch who are all trained professionals.

* [Hotlines you can call](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/hotlines)
* [Hotline FAQs](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/hotline_faqs)
* [Self help resources](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/self_help_resources)
> The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says.

This makes me so fucking mad.
I guess this explains why Alex Afrasiabi left quietly last year then.
"Alex Afrasiabi, the former Senior Creative Director of World of Warcraft at Blizzard Entertainment, was permitted to engage in blatant sexual harassment with little to no repercussions. During \[Blizzcon\] Afrasiabi would hit on female employees, telling them he wanted to marry them, attempting to kiss them, and putting his arms around them. This was in plain view of other male employees, including supervisors, who had to intervene and pull him off female employees."

"Afrasiabi was so known to engage in harassment of females that his suite was nicknamed the "Crosby Suite.""

Oof. His sudden resignation last summer hitting a little differently now.
something more disgusting every paragraph. no surprise. awful shit
Holy shit, this isn't just any lawsuit, either.

It's being put forth by the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing **after a 2 year investigation.**

I would be very surprised if the allegations mentioned aren't true.

Please read the article, the title does not do it justice,
And yet to think, in 2019 there was a panel at Blizzcon titled "Being a female employee at Blizzard". I didn't go to the panel, but I'm betting stuff like this was not part of the panel.

Really makes you wonder what's been going on internally there now for a long time.
“in which male employees “drink copious amounts of alcohol as they crawl their way through various cubicles in the office”

9.1 is starting to make a lot more sense now
Alex Afrasiabi is named in the document for extensive harrassment.

https://imgur.com/gallery/O9NnZru

What a piece of shit

Link to the court document 

https://aboutblaw.com/YJw
"I'm being sexually harassed and I want it to end."

**J. Allen Brack:** "You think you do, but you don't."

Yes he's named in the lawsuit as allowing it to happen.
I wonder what Brack will say at the next blizzcon, if it even takes place.
In 2014 my team manager (boss's boss) harassed me daily while pregnant. He would write me up for using the restroom to pee at 8-9 months pregnant, claiming I was outside my allotted breaks and adherence metric. Every day I'd come to work being told that might be the day I got fired. At that time I was the top stack ranked GM for productivity (# of completed tickets) and top 5-10 for customer satisfaction/survey results. I'd waver between being the overall #1 or #2 ranked GM they had at that time. I ended up just never drinking at work and landed in the ER due to dehydration.

My direct supervisor used to like to sneak up behind me and grab my sides or shoulders and yell to scare me. I'm very jumpy and would always scream. He'd laugh at me and tell me to chill out when I begged him to stop. When I complained to my team manager (same one as above) he gave me an essay written by some Harvard business school professor about being too sensitive to criticism.  I was made to read it at home then sit in a room alone with the 2 men explaining what I had learned from it and how I'd stop complaining about the touching going forward. I spent many lunch hours bawling alone in my car. 

I still can't drive by the Austin building without almost barfing. If low level CS management behaved this way, I can't imagine how the bigwigs in California act. Fuck you Miles. I hope you rot in hell.
*The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says.*

oof

EDIT: You should post this on pcgaming, they already hate Blizzard.

EDIT2: From kotaku *In a particularly tragic example, a female employee committed suicide during a business trip with a male supervisor who had brought butt plugs and lubricant with him on the trip.*
They removed Swifty's NPC even before anyone else knew about it. Let's see how fast they remove Afrasiabi's NPC and references.  


For those wondering about swifty  
https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/comments/op1t7m/activision\_blizzard\_sued\_by\_california\_over\_frat/h63cral?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3
I wonder if this is why they had such a strong reaction with the Kael'thas voice actor.
[deleted]
*You guys don't have lawyers?* 🤷‍♂️
[deleted]
>Female employees working for the World of Warcraft team noted that male employees and supervisors would hit on them, make derogatory comments about rape, and otherwise engage in demeaning behavior, the agency alleges.

For anyone wondering about a direct relationship to the game.

EDIT: [Doesn't stop there.](https://twitter.com/skrutsick/status/1418006293495762944)
Afrasiabi specifically mentioned for continued blatant sexual harassment. Apparently within Blizzard his office got nicknamed "the Crosby Suite."

edit: [Section mentioning him](https://abload.de/img/capturelvjnm.jpg)
How fucking hard is it to just be professional at work? Like, what the hell??? I’m a manager at a software company and if any of my subordinates pulled anything like this I’d fire them on the spot.
Do they think they would accuse them of pushing a employee to suicide without ample evidence? How stupid do they think we are?
The comments here acting as if this is some blog post accusation is wild to me. This is a state lawsuit that is the culmination of a two-year investigation. This filing wouldn't happen unless there was some ironclad proof, especially against a company that can afford the best attorneys in the world.
Anyone who participated in or enabled this shit is a ghoul. Full stop. The fact that I paid my sub for over a decade to help line the pockets of degenerate scum makes me sick to my stomach.
Their response is down in this article: [https://kotaku.com/activision-blizzard-sued-by-california-over-widespread-1847339746](https://kotaku.com/activision-blizzard-sued-by-california-over-widespread-1847339746)

They're trying to deflect blame in the worst possible way, somehow blaming California (?) 

>“It is this type of irresponsible behavior from unaccountable State   
bureaucrats that are driving many of the State’s best businesses out of   
California”

They also mention that this behaviour didn't take place, yet they made changes "we’ve made significant changes to address company culture and reflect more diversity within our leadership teams". If harassment didnt take place then why did you take action Blizzard? Something doesn't add up.
Holy shit Blizzard really is becoming their own one-dimensional mustache-twirling bad guy.
Jesus Christ. What the fuck Blizzard.

No wonder WoW's gone the drain, since your higher ups are apparently too busy sexually harrassing the actual workers there.

Stop touching your fucking employees and go to Goldshire or whatever.
The Race to World First is over, now the Race to World Worst is on between game dev favorites Activision Blizzard and Amazon.
Finally cancelled my sub because of this shit. Fuck these assholes.
"The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says."

Guys, we should not be supporting Blizzard Anymore if this is true.
And for all those talking about J.A.B. 

This shit happened under Morhaime too.
I worked at a video game studio for a couple of years (not Blizzard) and yeah, none of this surprises me.
Then they hav ethe gall to include an all-female "safe space" panel at Blizzcon.

Hypocritical as ever
Wow, this isn’t a lawsuit by a few employees. This is the state.  This is just gross
This entire company needs to be purged
[deleted]
The CTO mentioned was Ben Kilgore: [https://imgur.com/a/Wt1GYus](https://imgur.com/a/Wt1GYus)

We heard a lot of rumors about the Microsoft 'bro' culture that followed him to Blizzard. He was either fired or told to quit or else. It was kept very hush. The only internal communications that came out was a short email quip from Morhaime about him no longer being with Blizzard. Very different from the usual praise for execs when they leave...
After reading through some of the Tweets linked by the mods, and the actual case filing - nice to have the pieces to the puzzle that explain what a lot of the community has suspected for the better part of 2 decades.

Not everyone working at Blizzard are impassionate or bad people, but a lot of the people in positions of power seem to be.

Get this cancer the fuck out of the community and start building something positive, or burn it to the ground.
that kinda explains his silent quit from blizzard
>The agency alleges male employees play video games during the workday while delegating responsibilities to female employees

so that is why Blizzard is so slow at developing content?
Yeah, reading through the complaints if even a quarter of them have a hint of truth to them this is some absolutely sickening shit. 

Would be extremely surprised if a lawsuit brought by the state after a 2 year investigation turns out to be bogus, this is likely a pretty airtight case it seems.
Jesus fucking Christ.
"The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says."

BIG YIKES
So this is what being coldly furious feels like, huh.

I gotta be honest: I’m beyond disgusted at the idea that even one cent of all of the money I’ve given to this company over the years went towards supporting this. I’ve been playing pretty much non-stop since 2005, but this is probably the one thing that’s finally going to tip me over the edge and hang up the towel.
so its true what they said...

the only wow killer would be wow itself.
Every complaint I have about this game and fix I've demanded pale in comparison to this plea as I remove myself permanently from all things Blizzard- fix your leadership Blizzard. People who come to your fulfilling a lifelong dream of working for such a legendary company and this is the shit they have to put up with ? What the fuck. Someone died because of this shit and you STILL didn't change. As human beings we should all emphatically reject their products until things change.
Some of the stuff mentioned in this is really fucked up.

Like what the fuck?
What the actual FUCK
I have never worked in game development, but I did work for a company (and industry) where I had to endure and watch sexual harassment occur and stay silent in fear of the threatened punishment I would receive. It was a male dominated industry and often, as the only female on the crew, I was treated as though I brought no value other than T&A solely on the basis of my sexual organs, because I somehow lacked the capability to be a competent worker despite frequently running circles around the men. I still remember the disgusting comments made to me and offers of how I could improve my standing in the industry. It has contributed to my already poor mental health. I can't knowingly support a company that allows this kind of behavior to run rampant. Unsubbed and the end of my WoW journey.
Page 15, paragraphs 47 and 48. I just cant..
Fucking gross Blizz. Whats worse is this isnt even a single person, its a california department of fair employment

This is the perfect time to can every single lead dev and sexist shit who works on WoW and replace them with competent non-sexist people.
Blizzard needs to be wrecked by this lawsuit. Fuck that company and the people who let this shit happen.
This is the final straw for me and I canceled my subscription. Bye Blizzard, thanks for the memories.
Jesus, this company didn't just have a fall from grace, they've plummeted into bedrock at this point. I wish the truly good people at blizzard all the best - I know there are lots of them - but the rest can burn. It's infuriating and disgusting seeing management just quietly cover their coworkers foul behaviors up like they stole their moms liquor at 16. 

Stop ruining people's lives for your entertainment, you heap of festering trash.
Let me guess, Activision/Blizzard are going start going on a PR spree saying how much they respect women now? Calling in various influential feminists to give speeches and shit? 

They're going throw up a smokescreen and cut back on this behaviour till the dust settles then go right back to it.
I don't wanna be the "I told you so" person but I literally said during the RiotGames reckoning that Blizzard would have their day and thank god it's happened. Those employees deserve justice.
Someone on the Blizz fórum say that the likely plan will be dump all and every piece of responsability in Alex Afrasiabi as a scape goat, even if there responsability from others... I would like to remind this for the future
Anyone else feels dirty now after investing so much time in Blizzard games?
There was a short clip posted recently of a woman, who was the only woman in an otherwise all-male computer tech class. The guys around her were openly talking about stuff like raping an unconscious woman, and the teacher didn't even bother stepping in.

So yeah, I can 100% believe these allegations. That field seems to attract all the gross incel types.
Heads better roll for this
Holy shit, that sounds bad. And based on that weak response Blizzard Executives want to cover it up and claim they are false allegations.
There’s many reasons to say “fuck Blizzard” lately but this one is on a whole other level… man *fuck blizzard*. What a shit company.
This is actually common in popular video game dev companies. riot games/league of legends had similar accusations for years. but a suicide? this is next level
so Alex Afrasiabi was a sex pest
Watching World of Warcraft literally fall apart before our eyes.  Every week there seems to be another bombshell with drama and disappointments.
"The agency alleges male employees play video games during the workday while delegating responsibilities to female employees, engage in sexual banter, and joke openly about rape, among other things."

That explains why nothings getting done in wow. Everyone's fucking off playing other games durning work hr. You got a bunch of pissed off woman doing the heavy load.
“The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says.”

Holy Shit. “Frat boy” doesn’t even touch it.
As a woman who has been working hard to eventually work as an artist at Blizzard or Riot, it really sucks to see my dreams fall apart to this shitty behavior and mismanagement happening across the board in the industry. I feel for every female who faces any kind of discrimination like this in the workplace, especially in the field of work I’ve strived my whole life to end up in. I really hope some proper consequences follow…man this brought me down.
I've been telling people about this, especially blizzard forever. Was just as bad under the "old guard."
Jesus christ this is way worse than it sounds.
Jesus a lot of these complaints are horrific.
Unsubbed. Byeee
A good many of the issues with WoW game design are partially due to the “bro culture” at Blizzard that has resulted in a lack of divergent thinking among leadership.  Bros hiring and promoting bros until the company is riddled with  back-slapping “We are rockstars” developers who lack respect for players and for the employees who have differing ideas about MMOs.
The place I went to escape my own sexual assault trauma, was the source of so many others’ stories. Fuuuuuuudge feelings are hard.
When I was a kid, I got a tour of the Blizzard campus. It was a life-defining event for me, and played a big role in making me passionate about games and led to me going to school and entering the gaming industry as a software engineer. I always thought my dream job would be to join Blizzard and work in those halls I walked through as a kid. This was true even up until college, and even though they weren't as cool as they used to be, I was still planning to seek in internship there.

Then the China stuff happened, and I saw how poorly they treated their employees, firing people as a kneejerk reaction to something they didn't even have control over. I decided not to apply to them, and now I'm working for another AAA game studio. With this, I don't think I'll ever consider working for Blizzard for the rest of my career.

Stuff like this matters. Sometimes the upper management doesn't see it at first, but bad working conditions bleeds talent like nothing else. Forget all the conspiracies and other theories, this is the reason Blizzard's games have been on the decline. Good talent is hard to find, and if you treat them badly, they're going to jump ship.

I don't know if Blizzard as a company is beyond saving, but it's going to be rough times ahead for everyone there, one way or another.
Honestly the most horrific part of This is how long .. how this has been happening. And is only now being exposed. Or how long would it have continued.
Hung around for social reasons, was tough to get everyone in our group to move to other stuff together.  WoW is a game with a huge barrier-to-exit.

But holy cow, this is awful enough that everyone's *motivated* to jump ship. Ya'll gonna have to purge some shit,  take observable action, and get some transparency in place.  
There isn't any chance of funneling this one into tolerable lethargy.

Usually, I'd be happy to look back, sometimes out of curiosity or interest in an update they promote. This time, they're going to have to fill very specific expectations to get any positive consideration again.

Placation is insufficient, unlike other bullshit, this one's going to require action.
Just shut it down already. This company has overstayed its welcome by 10 years now.
when xbox username suckyourmomoff182 grows up and fulfills his dream of being a game developer
I find this hilarious: (not the accusations, these things are horrible and should not be part of ANY workplace) for the past 2-4 years Blizz has been going full "pro-female" just for this lawsuit to show up.

If these accusations do hold ground and Blizzard are found to be guilty I really hope they get fucked with no point of return.
For me, the hypocrisy that stands out is their social hand holding in their games and Abusive Chat reporting system - while they go around sexually harassing female co-workers, sharing their nudes and making rape jokes as common place. 


&nbsp;



Also - The most toxic co-worker I knew in my life went over the Activision/Blizzard to thrive there. 


&nbsp;



Wonder if Jeff Kaplan left in a hurry to get away from the impending shit storm, not that any allegations are about him, but god damn, that company is about to get publicly reamed. About time too.
I’m a woman and I’ve played world of Warcraft for many many years. This is the straw that broke the camel’s back. I’m done. I unsubbed and uninstalled. I hope many people will do the same and not patronize a company that bathed in rape culture.
Apparently Metzen was shitting the bed so much he accidentally tweeted his own name instead of using the search bar.  
  
https://imgur.com/AYDHf8K  
https://www.neogaf.com/threads/activision-blizzard-sued-by-california-over-%E2%80%98frat-boy%E2%80%99-culture.1613731/page-3
Former Game Master for WoW, 2010-2012. 

When I worked at Blizz, my female friends told me about some pretty gross stuff. And personally, I came to realize that while we had detailed policies for penalizing racist, homophobic, anti-Semitic, etc. stuff in chats (which is what I spent a lot of my time doing), I learned that we had absolutely no policies against sexism/misogyny. So, when I got tired of not being able to do anything about women and girls getting harassed in-game, I very carefully wrote up the case for adding sexism to the list of things we would penalize for, submitted it through the proper channels, and got back a response that was basically, "What? Why would we do that? That's not an actual problem..."

Today, I’ve been in contact with some of my former co-workers. They confirm that stuff similar to the allegations in the California lawsuit was happening at the Austin office, too.
Time to clean house like UBER. J. Allen Brack is done. There is no recovering from this.
> The agency alleges male employees play video games during the workday while delegating responsibilities to female employees, engage in sexual banter, and joke openly about rape, among other things.



Ive never had so much clairty about why this game sucks ass
Throw them in the garbage
Hopefully this damages the company enough for them to at least stagger.  

I don't really expect much though.  Hopefully this can lead to some criminal charges at the very least.
Well looks like my decision to drop blizzard games altogether worked out just fine. Lack of quality and communication is one thing, I'm still mad over their pandering to the Chinese government but this is just absolutely fuckin gross. They got people comparing Afrasiabi to Bill Cosby and that dude was there for YEARS.

Jesus christ, I don't understand people, its not difficult to not be a creepy degenerate fuck waffle.
 I’ve spent literally half of my life giving money to this company and this is what they’ve been doing with it. every year at blizzcon I’d think “man these people seem so cool, I wish I had such a great job”. what a disgusting joke they are
was already unsubbed, and now I've unsubbed their products from my computers, too

shit's gross
They should literally take money out of Bobby Kotick's fucking paychecks to pay for counseling for these poor women and employees.
As noted in the lawsuit, a female employee COMMITTED SUICIDE on a work trip with her male superior after nude pictures of her were passed around by colleagues at a Christmas party.

This behavior ALWAYS comes from the top. If bosses and executives cultivate toxicity, that’s what will be passed down to the employees.

Absolutely abhorrent and disgusting.
Dont forget the DOJ investigation of Blizzard underpaying their OWL players.
Kotick should be fired for all of this happening under his watch.
[deleted]
Absolutely disgusted by this on multiple levels. I urge people to read the article and look at the lawsuit file by the california department of fair employment and housing. The title doesn't do it justice. 

A woman lost their life over their work culture. Many people were layoff for either standing up for themselves or people defending trying to defend them over the years.
TIL I *can* be even more disappointed by Blizzard, on a whole different level.

I hope this gives people the courage to come forward and that at the very least everything that happened comes to light. I wish I could say that I hope that the wrongs will be made right, but HTF can you do that when someone has been pushed to commit suicide.

Also, if all that's happened isn't bad enough, they still have the fucking nerve and arrogance to post the reaction they did. The company deserves to be burned to the ground (figuratively). With their reaction to this coming out, there's really no hope that they're capable to change from within.
I was thinking of getting back into WoW lately, but I guess I'll play ff14 or something else.
#Hopefully now you will cancel your subscriptions, if China didn't do it.
[deleted]
I'm 23 year old woman, been playing WoW since I was an 8 year old little girl. I remember my dad staying up to run me to the Crossroads from Mulgore and calling me off school the next day since we stayed up so late playing... and we just kept playing the next day. One of my favorite memories.
This shit hurts my heart.
To all the people still saying "Unsubbing won't fix anything." Or "What about the good people who work there?"

Like, I'm sincerely curious, what does Blizzard need to do to make you walk away? Cause it seems like no matter what they do that's always the response.
Yea I'm done with Blizzard as a whole. Running their game into the ground while being a bunch of rapists. That's it for me, and I'm not coming back.
In 2012/2013 When I was studying 3D art and design, my feminist game dev teacher explained the toxic culture of game development and how it impacted women, and how it needed to change. The one that stuck with me was when he mentioned some devs would openly watch porn whilst doing their work. How the fuck is that appropriate in any situation?
As a female player, color me fucking shocked and disgusted to learn that the community (particularly high end raiding guilds) and their shitty behavior has evidently just been a mirror of how the company itself is run.
This is some serious stuff. I can already see the fanboys rushing to play defense for their daddy corporation, but this is suit being pushed by the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing.

This makes Riots case look like childs play by comparison.
Let's see how quickly Fras Siabi is removed from the game.
Well that sub cancellation (for other reasons) was timely.
[deleted]
This is the final nail in the coffin for me. Shadowlands wasn’t even fun. But I can not in good conscience give my money to a company like this. I still struggle with anxiety and PTSD after working in an environment like this. Im out.
Notice how they don't deny the actual allegations in their response and just insult the state instead.

Literally acting like frat boys even during their denial.
>  “cube crawls,” in which male employees “drink copious amounts of alcohol as they crawl their way through various cubicles in the office and often engage in inappropriate behavior toward female employees.”
> 
> The agency alleges male employees play video games during the workday while delegating responsibilities to female employees, engage in sexual banter, and joke openly about rape, among other things.

What thee actual fuck
Please consider cancelling your WoW sub. Speak with your wallet. Speak for the people that suffered from this and quit the company because of it (or worse), and against the people that enabled this shit to happen and still rake in money for it.
Anything short of cleaning out the entire senior devs/management of Blizz will mean nothing changes.

If Afraisabi and Brack are simply allowed to be sacrificial lambs while other senior devs likely turned a blind eye instead of protecting the people they supposedly supervise, then there's no way anything changes ever.
I’m so done with this game. These allegations are gross. They put out a mediocre product year after year and now this? Fuck that.
'Believe women'.... Believe proof.

And yes before you downvote, this is proof. Too many voices to be a coincidence, and frankly too much time for it to be. Speaks to a larger infection inside blizzard.
Just put in the request to delete my whole Blizzard account. It was a fun 15 years. Bye.
Brack and all of the leadership of Blizzard need to step down for this. This is inexcuseable. And that shitty interview from yesterday looks even worse now since it was clearly brack just trying to deflect away from this upcoming story
Honestly, this is utterly disgusting.

It demonstrates corruption and a complete lack of morality. People that tolerate behaviors like these belong behind bars. Period.

What the hell do they stand for anyway?
More employees speaking out here https://twitter.com/cherthedev/status/1418033762953216018?s=21
I can't see how this doesn't implicate Morhaime as well, given that he left Blizzard on 10/3/18. If it was a two year investigation, it would've started roughly this time in 2019 – there's no way this stuff didn't happen under his watch.


What a depressing development. Knowing this, there's no way I can be excited about anything Dreamhaven. Not that my disappointment vis-a-vis Dreamhaven matters in the least compared to the damage done to these women. But still, it's so disappointing to find out that a person you thought was one of the "good guys" turns out to be, at least peripherally, scummy. I'd like to think he somehow wasn't involved or aware of what was going on, but I find that difficult to believe. And even so, he was the CEO, so ultimately the buck stops with him.


I'm done with Blizzard.
“The suit also points to a female Activision employee who took her own life while on a company trip with her male supervisor. The employee had been subjected to intense sexual harassment prior to her death, including having nude photos passed around at a company holiday party, the complaint says.” 

What the fuck.
I've been a life long wow/blizzard fan. I don't just love wow I've loved all there games. Wow is definitely my most played but I just love blizzard as a whole. I used to be so proud to talk about there games and how polished and clean they were. I used to be proud to be a blizzard fan but all this news coming out over the last few years had just destroyed that feeling. Wow isn't what it used to be and that's fine. The game has to evolve and change. But what I can't deal with is how the company has changed. It's gone from a beloved game developer filled to the rim with passion to just another corporate company with a big ego. Idk these are just my opinions. I don't have many friends that enjoy the same stuff I do so I guess I ranting/venting. I love wow. It brings me so much joy and happiness but it's getting hard to support the company behind it. I'm just torn. I've been able to get past some things they've done in the past but this lawsuit just added to much to the pile to just try and get past it all. 

Just a sad morning to wake up and see that and just realize the company I once loved as a kid will never be the same. Blizzard is just digging there own grave and it sad to sit here and watch it burn. 

Thanks to anyone who listened/read all this. Just needed to get this off my chest for some reason and didn't know where to do it. I hope this doesn't break any rules but I was hoping to see if anyone feels the way I do. Anyway rant over. And with that I'll leave one of my favorite quotes. 

“At long last. No King rules forever my son.” -Terenas Menethil I
I went to school for game design at Full Sail for a semester before I switched to something else but I do have friends who worked at Activision that I met through there.

One had an issue where a guy kept starting rumors about her being a slut and on meth. He never tried to ask her out or anything and she doesn’t look like a meth head. Just some guy who did not like her for some reason. He kept getting verbal warnings, HR got involved, it didn’t stop but was hard to prove so she just quit. He started these rumors the first day she was there and many coworkers backed her because they told her he was saying this stuff when she left the room.  It went on for at least four months then she went to work elsewhere. She is a beautiful girl and he likely did it IMO because he had an issue with a pretty girl in the past and took it out on her but can’t say for sure.


Update: She is on record in this. She made a post Monday for friends to stop messaging her links and that the department of employment in California had reached out to her after she made a complaint years ago with another agency and she spoke to them before Covid lockdowns.  So sounds like they have been doing their homework for awhile.
Sounds like bunch of incels work there. I stop supporting Blizzard a long time ago, glad I did. 

What world do we live in that openly joking about rape is okay? These people probably never had any social interaction in their lives.

I truly hope those who were hurt get their justice.
While I get targeting J. ALLEN BRACK since he's both CEO and used to be the lead for the WoW development tea.... let's not forget that when this was all going down especially earlier, it was under MIKE MORHAIME's watch.

I know Mike gets alot of praise, but let's keep things in perspective... he had to know about this culture and for all we know, enabled it. As CEO, he was responsible for what happened under his watch.
To any of the victims reading this. Thank you for your bravery and courage in the workforce in these conditions. I am a new father to a daughter and I hope that these issues coming to light gives my girl a legitimate chance at life. Thank you for your bravery from the bottom of my heart.
People shouldn't overlook HR and its constant siding with the abusers here in all these stories,, they should face a reckoning as well and I feel like they are gonna skate by because everybody is looking at management.
ugh. growing up, i wanted to work for blizzard or a company like it because they made great games.

i chose to work in a slightly different field that pays better, but there was always something nagging in my brain that i might have been happier at blizz.

i suppose this puts that to rest

i don't know why, but i'm most curious as to whether "Tigole Bitties" is involved
>Relief: Compensatory damages; punitive damages; unpaid wages; injunctive relief; declaratory relief; equitable relief; pre-judgment interest; attorneys’ fees; costs.

This isn't a warning shot.

>Attorneys: Internal counsel represents the Department of Fair Employment and Housing.

And it's not a watchdog/ambulance-chaser after some moolah. This is serious shit.
I just cancelled my subscription. I really encourage the rest of you to do so as well.
Rapist culture. Not "Frat boy" culture. Literally downplaying it already.
The thing that affects me the most, is that this doesn't shock me.

Be it my failing faith in Blizz, or the similar stories your hear from other tech/gaming companies. Idk, these stories are awful but not rare anymore it seems. Sad times.

My heart goes out to those involved, especially if its true a poor soul took their life. This is so sad, words dont do it justice.
And in another massive blow to "working in game dev might not be the fun time you imagine it is"...

Disgusting.
The replacement of Kael'thas' voice actor looks very different in this light.
I think this is the last straw for me , bye blizzard.
How can such an outwardly "socially correct" company be guilty of these accusations? Certainly has never happened before, definitely not.
BREAKING: Blizzard president J. Allen Brack is leaving the company

They expect one of us in the wreckage brother.
Much like the horde, the warchief has been replaced by a council of sorts.
/cast \[@self\] Golden Parachute
Even Gloria Steinem couldn't save him
I think Jason Schriers tweet sums this up best at who really needs to be held accountable more than anyone else:  
> Titles mean a lot in the corporate world.
Until 2018, Mike Morhaime was CEO.
When Brack took over, he was president.
Now, Oneal and Ybarra are described as "co-leaders."   
>A clear glimpse at who's really in charge: Bobby Kotick
Do Kotick next.
What?! What about his devotion to revered feminist Gloria Steinem? 

But dang it's like 5:30 AM in California right now. Guess they wanted to announce in front of the stock market open today.
That ghoulish moron Fran Townsend should leave too.
I think we knew this was going to happen. My fear is he's being offered as a sacrificial lamb as a PR move in order to avoid making actual changes to company culture.
Article link for those who want to read the full statement:

https://news.blizzard.com/en-us/blizzard/23706475/new-leadership-at-blizzard
Waiting for Bobby and Townsend now
"You think you do, but you don't"
For a moment, I read it as Bobby Kotick and got way too excited.
You think you work here, but you don't.
It was bound to happen. Money is the most important thing for a company. I wonder what his leaving package was. Probably enough to live off for the rest of his life.
And nothing of value was lost.
Fran Townsend has been one of the worst through this and needs to be next. Posting on Instagram that the elite need to punish whistle blowers. Disgusting.
[removed]
"I'll take my seven figure salary to go, thanks"

In all seriousness, JAB wasn't fixing anything, but he also wasn't one of the dozens of women molesters, don't think we forgot blizzard.
https://news.blizzard.com/en-us/blizzard/23706475/new-leadership-at-blizzard

>Starting today, J. Allen Brack will be stepping down as the leader of the studio, and Jen Oneal and Mike Ybarra will co-lead Blizzard moving forward. 

Who are Jen Oneal and Mike Ybarra?

>Jen joined Blizzard in January as executive vice president of development, where she’s been providing senior development leadership and support to the Diablo and Overwatch franchises. Jen is the former head of Vicarious Visions (which is now part of Blizzard Entertainment).

I don't think we know anything about Vicarious Visions internal culture, so hard to say if this means anything. From a development point of view they're well liked for their work on Diablo II Remastered. Dunno if this means anything for Blizzard or WoW.

>After many years at XBOX, Mike joined the company in 2019 as the executive vice president and general manager of platform and technology, where he’s been overseeing the evolution of Battle.net and our development services organization.

That the same Battle.net team that has been absolutely slammed all over Twitter for being, arguably, the most toxic team to work in? sad lol. Maybe that was all pre-2019.
F A L L   G U Y
Now do Townsend and Kotick
Bobby and Fran next please
How convenient this news is dropped the day of the shareholder report
Now, what about the war criminal apologist torture enthusiast?  
That monster has to go too!
Now if we could get rid of Bobby Kotick, we'd have some real progress
Being mentioned in the lawsuit was the nail in the coffin for him. Noone could trust that he could lead any kind of transformation when he had enabled the current culture. As long as he was president there could be no moving forward for the company
https://i.imgur.com/TWWziL4.jpeg
This needs to be the first of many.
Now just demote Ion back to the raid design team and we are looking good
JAB is looking for a JOB
As good a time as any to mention I never liked his haircut.
"You think I'll lead, but I won't."
Everyone knew he was going to leave because of the sexual harassment stuff, but the bad PR isn't really directly his fault. Townsend's tone deaf response along with hiring Wilmerhale made it a lot worse. 

Pretty sure Fran Townsend leaving would appease more people than JAB.
now kotick
Lots of JAB hate here, which is fine and deserved but I wanna call attention to Jen Oneal here. She used to head Vicarious Visions, which has been responsible for some of the best and most well-done remakes of classic games in the last 5 years. They were really doing something right over there so I hope she can bring whatever magic she was making to Blizzard.
Rotten apples need plucking off the tree and chucking in the garbage.
Bye Felicia.
Good, he samed fake the momemt he took the position, good riddance
not enough!
Whole management team have to be purge.
A serious question for the community. Do we think he was the problem or the scape goat? I'm confused here
The bad press is all about Blizzard, not Activision, even though they’re one and the same. 

Don’t expect any substantial improvement until Kotick is gone.
So he's the patsy falling on his sword and we are supposed to believe that Blizzard is now cleansed and pure. Gotta love PR firms.
Now Fran Townsend next please.
This is such an empty gesture. We want better work conditions for employees, not sacrificial lambs sent to the slaughter to appease investors.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Welp here we go.
what’s the severence package?
How bout Bobby and Fran go down as well? Bobby will probably get another 8 figure bonus.
Now do Fran and Bobby.
Ok now get rid of Townsend
Man, and I thought J. Allen Brack was for sure safe, given how his family has a long history revering their patron saint Gloria Steinem.
And here goes the scapegoat.
Interesting, it didn't say anywhere on Blizzard's blue post that he was leaving the company, just stepping down from leadership position.
Next we need Kotick gone.
Get rid of Kotick too
He thought he wanted to be the president, but he didnt
So they 2 presidents now? Did they have to stack to absorb damage from the lawsuit boss?
“Do I still have a job?”

“You think you do but you don’t.”
And yet this changes absolutely nothing about how toxic of a company Activision/Blizzard is.... meaningful change will only happen once the entire upper level management team is gone
Now it's Bobby Kotick's turn.
This is good, but definitely not for wow. I fear that this will empower the corporate suits and player hating activist devs to just run the game into the ground.
You think you do, but you don't. Oh we do Jay, we do.
Pro tip: don't play WoW and everybody wins!
Never mind Brack, I want Kotick's next bonus redistributed to everyone who was victimized at ActiBlizzard. And then after his removal as CEO, have his revoked company ID nailed to the inside of the office door as a lesson to the next CEO who thought this shit was okay to ignore.
And i’ll care when the female employees start announcing on twitter that things are better.  Until then bobby kotick can get fucked.
Man, if [Jen O'Neal has as big of an affect on Blizzard as she did with Vicarious Visions](https://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,11066/), I'll be a happy man. You can really feel the love that they put into their most recent remakes. THPS 1+2 was fantastic.
Popcorn futures just went nuclear.
K now do the rest of tbem
Not sure of the mechanism, but if it was a meeting with board members it was probably the shortest board meeting ever. "Fire J. Allen Brack to save some face, all in favor?"
Kotick next
he thinks he does, and he does.
I see they have chosen their scapegoat

Hopefully it isn't enough to appease the fire they're getting
I expect the next ceo to be a woman
Nothing will change
Bye Felicia
Where is Hazzikostas in all of this? He been hiding under a rock? I think new, less arrogant blood in his role would benefit us all.
Later, fuckface.
Bye bitch boiiiiii
Is it sad that growing up I already assumed there would be sexual harrasment in gaming companies? I remember even being told not to go into it bc of that.
As long as Kotick remains in charge no meaningful change will occur.
looks like jen oneal is more than qualified dissapointed in the comments saying shes a token pick, she lead vicarious visions which is frankly one of the only companies in actvicision credited churning out amazing games in the form of remasters true to their original form d2 remastered will be a big test but if thats aced i have full trust she can help wow stay true to form too
Annnnd the suits from activision are coming in to take over.
Who are Jen Oneal and Mike Ybarra ?
In preparation for Classic, I felt compelled to paint the greatest city in Warcraft

Looks more like IF than IF
That looks really fantastic, great job.

edit: Holy crap your stuff is amazing, you did an elf looking city that just looks jaw dropping. You really should promote your stuff more often. (Those that are curious I highly suggest looking: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/rR0nze )

You're incredibly talented.
Magni-ficent! I love it. Need to go back and spend some time there. Great work!
I remember getting to Ironforge in Vanilla and thinking it was amazing.
I remember hating to enter IF. It was such cool place but my computer at that time wasn't able to handle it at all. Just by entering the city I lagged and fell to the pit between AH and bank. Numerous times.
Now smear the whole thing with a paintbrush so it's incomprehensible and you got yourself a GW2 loading screen.

&#x200B;

Edit: Glad I'm not the only one who plays both wow and gw2 haha
Very nice work.

In game needs more to look more like this, dark corners and light sources. The game has too much "ambient lighting". A good example of this is a Skyrim mod that removes the random ambient lighting.
Ironforge is truly the greatest city. Love it there!
Wow... Got a higher definition version so I can use it as my background?
Good old Lagforge.
Ironforge and Stormwind... I love them! Especially the musics and their potential and what they are. But still more fan of the Stormwind.

[Because nothing gives the feeling when you hear this music.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYidb1LvMs8)
You painted this!?!?!?!?!?! HOLY SHIT :O
huh, this doesn't look like Thunder Bluff
As a 13+ year Horde player, this made me want to roll Dwarf immediately. 15/10
Imagine 10 years from now we get a game that looks and feels like this?
You’ve really captured the heat and warmth. I can almost hear the ding sounds of weapon creation. very satisfying painting.
A painting of a made up computer game city just gave me powerful nostalgia.
As someone who has spent at least a quarter of my life in IF, do you have venmo/PayPal where I can get a big copy of this printed out for my office???

Gosh I can't wait for Classic, this baby gave me goosebumps.
If only the real Ironforge is as beautiful and magnificent as this painting.
You should send it to blizz, nice work.
Im sure they would loved it too!

Maybe even a job opprtunity! :D
Ironforge is better than any other city and it’s not even close.
I have no interest nor have I ever played the game, but I’d like to hang that painting in my living room.
Now do undercity
Makes me wish we had a world or Warcraft 2 or or something. A major graphics update with rtx .
this looks really fucking sick. Just makes me wish they would do a revamp of all these iconic zones and cities and the potential it has to be just EPIC!
Also sort of lools like grim batol
This looks like art that could appear on a magic card. Nice job!
Fantastic image. And you're right. Ironforge is where it's at.
breathtaking
11/10 Bravo.
it's hard to explain but... I FEEL this picture. Like this is how ironforge felt to me back in classic when everything was fresh and new, even though it looked nothing like it
Awesome! Really captures the atmosphere of IF.
This doesnt look like Orgrimmar at all.
This doesn't look like Orgrimmar.
Weird flex on Orgrimmar painting, but OK.
Ogrimmar sure looks different in your painting.
WoW ™️
thats insane
This is beautiful
Very very nice painting
Did you really paint this yourself? Its excellent
That is awesome!  Totally heard the music start when I looked at it. Post another one in a couple weeks and it’ll have realistic FPS. Seriously though great work!
This is absolutely incredible, Bravo!
Thanks for the new wallpaper man! Cheers
Hoooly shit man, that's beautiful
Good memorys
You capture the mood and lighting perfectly, if only there was a shot like this in the movie.
That looks fucking amazing really captures how ironforge feels.
This is spectacular, thank you for this.
>Soon Master Elf, you will enjoy the fabled hospitality of the dwarves. Roaring fires, malt beer, red meat off the bone.
I've always played horde and I've  always raided iron forge with awe 10/10 city
Ironforge forever

fuck Blizz shoehorning everyone into Stormwind.
This city is your strongest point for convincing your friends to roll Alliance.
This isn't the Undercity?
Weird. This doesn’t look like Suramar.
Greatest city? This doesnt look like orgrimmar.
Doesn't look like Org to me.
The first time I walked up the road and entered ironforge for the first time during vanilla was the exact moment I fell in love with this game. It was an actual life event for me, like my first kiss or learn to ride bike.
It’s pretty realistic but where are all the people jumping around for nothing and the naked gnome on the mailbox?
I love Ironforge, I was a dwarf main for years and I always wished it got more relevant. I started playing in Lich King and felt the glory days of IF were already over.
I think you posted the wrong picture, i don't see any Orgrimmar.   
On the side note, amazing artwork man.
Looks great but we all know Silvermoon is 100% better in every single way imaginable
Orgrimmar sure looks different 🤔.
Wait... this is not Orgrimmar
Really wish I could get back into wow recently got fired seems the right thing to do
Horry sheet dude! I think I might get a print of this and get it framed! It’s ducking awesome.
This is my desktop background now. Thank you.
Amazing. This city, from vanilla to the beginning of wrath, was THE city to be in. I remember EVERYONE chsoe IF because of the way the city was laid out. You actuslly had reasons to visit cities, and the circlular layout made it easy to navigate. SW is only what it is now because of consistent focus on making it the center of interaction. Back in the day, it was IF or bust. I CANT FUCKING WAIT.
That's amazing! Definitely going for my new wallpaper. I love me Dwarves!
Amazing work! I wish IF would of stayed relevant into the present, it was always my city of choice.
Magnificent. Nothing more, nothing less.
Man I would to see your take on all the OG cities
I grew up plays vanilla for years , early high school.

It’s time to make my trip back to Azeroth
Omg, this hit me in all the feels. Hanging out in Ironforge...omg, it was the spot to be for the Alliance. If you were in the know, you took trips to Old Ironforge....

I miss the old lady
Duun, dundundaa dadaaa
Ahh!

Blackrock 

Just beautiful 😆
that's odd, silvermoon isn't in classic ??

but actually that is beyond amazing, good work friend
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
Epic, awesome!
Awesome job!
Amazing! Good job!
Stunning. Great job mate!
 this is pretty fucking cool. It's almost like I can hear people walking and hammers hitting anvils along with the heat rising from the lava..
beautiful
New Wallpaper
This honestly looks amazing
It just occurred to me that with all these fires lit in the city, their ventilation system must be fucking insane!
Man my valley of trials looks different
You are very talented, this is an incredible painting!
Now tha's wot Ihm talkinabou
I don't remember Ironforge like that :thinking:
Damn, that’s cool
Noice
I'm in awe. Thank you for making this masterpiece :)
Damn I would hang this on my wall if I could buy it.
This is an absolutely stunning painting, Conpatshe. If you don't mind me asking; is this a traditional painting? Or is this a Digital Painting, or perhaps a 3D render?

Overall, this is truly an excellent job.
Even as a Horde player I can only say fuck thats dope
I think I found my new wallpaper
OMG, amazing job!
Amazing!
Phenomenal. I'll never forget my first time stepping into Iron Forge as a tiny Warlock Gnome. Thanks for taking me back!
This picture is awesome! I‘m still sad that we didn‘t see that many cities in the warcraft movie. I would have loved to see some ironforge in awesome cinema looks.
This is truly amazing
Always played Horde since BC, but myself and some friends are going to branch out and level some Alliance characters and this has got my so hype about going into Iron Forge for the very first time. I don’t think I’ve ever been there in like 10 years.
Beautifully done! I love the angle, the scale, and how imposing the gates are next to the figures.
This is my new background. Amazing job!
If they re-proposed Vanilla WoW with such graphic, then I'd be the first one saying it is worth playing it.

But no, better go back to nintendo64 models 🥳
Wow, this is really amazing. My main is a Dwarf Warrior. I would buy this as a print.
Any way I can buy this as a canvas print? This is incredible
Holy poop I think I just shit myself. Love the color and scale of this, makes Ironforge seem really epic. I usually don't enjoy Alliance aesthetics but this one looks like something straight out of Moria.
My dwarvish heart beats a little faster.
Now this is a masterpiece
Hell yes. Ironforge here we come.
This is genuinely the coolest thing I've seen all day.
And you did a very good job
Is that my mage on top of AH?
Majestic.
Amazing! Great job!
So much time spent right there. Haven't been hit by nostalgia like this in a while.  Thanks OP. Great painting.
Imagine that in UE4 o_o
This is SO beautiful! I love how massive it looks, really captures how it felt when you saw it for the first time.

Ironforge is my favorite, I have so many good memories of just hanging out with my friends there. Christmas, mount trains, pvp, and that one corner you could sheep people in! Good times.

Oh also I want to buy a huge print of this, fill me in thx
Ironforge is what keeps me wanting to roll alliance. I like the aesthetics of the horde better but that city is so fucking cool that I might roll alliance just so I can make it my home base.
Please do more! I would love to see more of your renditions of other locations.
Made me actually wow out loud. This looks like it could be official Blizzard art. Nice work & thanks for sharing!
Man this is how I remember Ironforge looking when I first walked through the gate. Excellent job!
That’s so beautiful. Thank you for this!!
I saw the picture and the theme music instantly started playing in my head, I smelled burned hot pockets, and tasted Blue Gatorade.  Crazy how even just a photo triggers all kinds of other sensory reactions.
Lagforge!

Also this is really awesome
Where are the guys jumping up behind the mailbox to duel indoor? :D
Would be so cool if it was like this in game! The amount of light in there doesn't make sense now that I look at this.
So so beautiful.  


"Oh, Ironforge, my home and native land,  
True patriot love in all thy Dwarves command...."  <3 <3
Wow.
When I played as Alliance Ironforge was my base of operations. Great city design.
Fantastic work. Brings me back. I love it. 

Keep it up!
I don't think it's going to feel like real vanilla because the auction houses have been added to stormwind and darnasus and not just ironforge.

My memory of vanilla is that ironforge was the alliance capital where everyone hung out because that's where the auction house was.
This is pretty damn amazing :O
Wtb wow that looks like this
Awesome work
This is stunning, actually. Have you considered selling prints? Because it’s that good.
Are you selling any prints? I am in awe
I found my new desktop background. Thank you.
Wow, that's actually very impressive! 😲
This is incredible
Wow it's so good I was waiting for the cutscenes to start until I reread the title!
Remember being awestruck the first time I came into Stormwind City. Then, when I eventually found the tram, I was BLOWN AWAY by Ironforge. It felt exactly what I expected a Dwarven city to feel like and is so aesthetically pleasing.
This puts butterflies in my belly
Absolutely stunning work on the detail, and capturing the glow of the lighting just so brilliantly. 

If there's no bamboozle, truly some skillful stuff!
My only dislike with classic and still is that the cities all feel dead.

Put in more npcs, children, families, just anything.
This is amazing!
One thing I’m curious about will be what the “hangout” city for the alliance will be. In the expansions after vanilla Blizzard clearly made a concerted effort to funnel more people towards Stormwind, but Ironforge will always be bae.
This is now my background. Yoink.
I'm not even into gaming, but that is *stunning* work. You've got a serious gift.
Why did storm wind take over as main ally place
That’s incredible! You could easily sell this
Imagine if they revamped ironforge
do you sell prints? would love to frame this in my basement
Ironforge is easily my favorite city in WoW. Great work!
 really good can even feel the fire of the forge on your paint
That's beautiful. And I agree -- Ironforge has always been my favorite city and really one of my favorite areas in general in all of WoW.
Art that accurately portrays true scale of Azeroth locations are among my top 5 categories. 

[Ironforge in the movie](https://wow.zamimg.com/uploads/screenshots/normal/523340-warcraft-movie-ilm-featurette.jpg) made me so damn giddy. This does too.
For a second I thought this was BRD and was like man, OP has great taste.

Awesome job though even if it is just Ironforge :)
Is this on canvas?  What size?  

I will seriously give you dollars for this in opportunity to frame it.  This is amazing
amazing work, keep it up!
This is so amazing!  It really makes you want to explore the city.

If you don’t mind me asking, how long did this take?
WOW!
I wish the game had this kind of epic looking ambience to it. Same colors and scale in grandeur, but that/this would humble a crap-ton of gaming rigs. But I'd still be playing if it looked like this... Well done bud, very nice.
amazing ! would love to see more from you
Oh snap this is amazing --- I remember entering IF for the first time as a dwarf warrior and just feeling the immenseness of it all --- and this captures it.
Most impressive
WoW with RTX
Fuckin hell, that's amazing.
Wow that's incredible
Absolutely beautiful, just stunning!!!
Ah the hours I have spent in glorious Ironforge
I regret I only have one upvote to give
Holy shit! I love fantasy dwarves so this will be my new wallpaper! Amazing job. Do you have a non jpg version ?
[deleted]
I'm literally rolling ally just because if how much I miss IF. None of the Horde cities come close imo. 

Also cause I miss Nelf Hunter PvP.
Is ironforge still popular or abandoned? I don’t play alliance a lot.
Didn’t see the title and thought it was a cut from a new wow cinematic or something. Awesome.
Omg this is my new wallpaper! Love that city, had my “home” in it since I started in Vanilla!
Make iron forge great again
Is there a high res download? Would love to look at this on my desktop.
Under city would like to have a word with you
Still the best city in WoW. It's my home city while I'm levelling and even park my bank alts there.
New wallpaper!
I'd give this ten upvotes, if I could. This is a piece of art, right here! You selling copies? Haha
No one standing on the mailbox. I'm calling your bluff.
Amazing. I'm glad to know Ironforge will be this populated again too.
If only the city is that populated and without random ass people on flying, mammoth, or dino mounts in front of the mailbox
You're breathtaking
What a fucking great picture. Instant nostalgia. Thank you for this.
Good lord
This is a fantastic piece.
Alexa play Ironforge by Glenn Stafford
What an amazing drawing of Thunderbluff
Absolutely beautiful. And yes, this is the greatest city on Azeroth.
my memories, I'm literally crying tears because of how long i haven't visited wow and how long i haven't played as alliance
That’s amazing!
This is amazing! Instantly became my new wallpaper.
Classic will save WoW. Finally.
:') ...home
Love it! Do you have a website? :)
Gees, seeing this art make me see the LF1M mage for scholomance I had to slam for some cc.
great painting, great city!

&#x200B;

I still roll through IF at least once a month, even though I've been horde main for a decade now...  such a sweet place!!
Ironforge caused me to make my first ever PC upgrade- had to buy more RAM lol. After that I got way more into computers and hardware, and even built a couple, so I guess thanks IF!
  Nice job
I've always been lukewarm toward Dwarves in general fantasy, but I do like the artistry and aesthetics of the architecture.
This doesn't look like Undercity...

Kidding, this looks awesome! Great job! I might use this as my wallpaper!
I Always wished those homes high up in the walls were accessible. Such a beautiful city, especially for Rp purposes.
Nice painting of Stratholme.
This is amazing!
I just saw this post in my 'popular' feed and immediately feel nostalgia for WoW. It has been many years since I have logged in, but man do I feel the urge now. So many great memories and friends made. What an amazing game this is.
Wow. It's amazing
I actually came here on a fat finger but I'm glad I did.

As a former WoW player, this floods back tons of memories.
Damn, this looks like something out of the movie
This is really amazing.  This is how I always imagined Ironforge looking in my daydreams.  Early WoW's graphics were just good enough to appreciate the art and style, but also just primitive enough that my brain still filled in a lot of blanks.
You even got the fuckin hangout spot. Nice!
Fucking fantastic, I love Ironforge. Any tried using this as a wallpaper yet?
this doesn't look anything like Undercity
If you don't mind me asking, how did you achieve that sort of, for lack of a better term, "film grain" effect that seems to faintly lay over this?
Weird painting of Undercity, but artistic interpretations are always appreciated
Out of the loop - they re-releasing classic??
This is absolutely beautiful! I hope you always keep painting and know how amazing you are!
I'm going Horde this time around, and I think I'll miss Ironforge the most.
Even as a Horde main through and through, I probably spent more time in Ironforge than any other city.
Gonna be nice to see the Alliance returning to their REAL capital.
this is why we need WoW 2
Wow amazing
Holy sit this gave me chills well done it is amazing
This doesn’t look like Thunder Bluff?
This is pretty much what it felt like walking through most places in wow all those years ago.  Shit was amazing.
Wait... this isn’t Orgrimmar...
[expectation](https://i.redd.it/bqqqhq7jd4431.jpg) vs [reality](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/X1eU2usWg3M/maxresdefault.jpg)
I can't wait for WoW VR and to walk inside there someday
fuck me thats amazing....

&#x200B;

imagine if WoW was able to make this kind of shit
i would buy this 10/10
I'm DMing a WoW RPG group at the moment and they're in Ironforge at the moment so I guess I have to use this as the background for everything now because it's wonderful.
Excellent work! Thanks for posting!  ツ
This brought back some crazy memories. Thank you.
That looks nothing like Thunder Bluff!
Been 4 years since I’ve ventured around Ironforge.. crazy how I remember every part of it.
I don't remember Thunder Bluff looking like that
This is just fantastic. I want it on my wall.
And they call it a mine!

A mine!
Does anybody know where to buy something like this, or possibly a banner of Ironforge? My brothers birthday is coming up and he's played a dwarf since launch.
I used to spend so long just fucking about in IF as I was just so mesmerised. This is really beautiful
That's not Stormwind...
I cant wait to see IF actually populated again. i might actually cry when i see it
That is glorious!
Wait I’m confused...this looks like Iron Forge? I thought you said the greatest city?
I loved Ironforge, problem was it wasn't popular on the server i played on, only stormwind was popular
I’ve never played WoW. And I don’t have a ton of extra time. But I’m very seriously considering getting into it when classic drops. Do you guys think it would be worth it?
# ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? IT'S BEAUTIFUL
This is solidly professional work OP. Do you do commissions?
Wait....this isn’t Orgrimmar!
“Roll between 1-10 out of 100 and double your money, just open trade”.
Whoa dude stromwind looking kinda weird
Iron forge was truly the bomb
Honestly one of the biggest reasons I am rolling alliance. 

I played alliance in vanilla, but switched and stayed with horde after BC. I like some of the horde cities, particularly TB, but none of them had the same feel and richness that IF had.
Is there any way to get this framed to hang up next to my PC? I can pay in exposures!
The good ole' days <3
That's a weird looking goldshire
The undercity looks different in vanilla wow! Can't wait to visit!!!
Was this entirely done in PS? Amazing work btw.
You should post a time lapse of this! Incredible!!
This is amazing. My favorite city.
This is something I would pay good money for. You’ve made the Bronzebeards proud!
Can I steal this for my wallpaper 😘
Stunning
I don’t remember orgrimmar looking like that
This needs to be stickied as the best art post in the history of /r/wow
Ah this is wonderful. Makes me so nostalgic, as Ironforge was always my favorite city, even when I first began playing back in vanilla.
This doesn't look like Shadowforge city....

JK of course, very well done.
As I die hard Horde vet. I really appreciate this. Ironforge is truly the greatest city.
Nice painting, but thunderbluff is better
Didn’t matter my level, my class, or what expansion, my hearth was always IF. This picture just brought back all sorts of fun memories for me. Thank you. I’m actually looking to build a few PCs so that I can play WoW with my kid.
Whatdya get for something like that?, looks like it belongs in the louve imo, 400m
I’m confused... this isn’t Orgrimmar.
That doesn't look anything like Stormwind
That's not Undercity. That's that dwarven dump. :)
The original big cities in classic WoW were really quite spectacular.
That's not Ny'alotha
Was Orgrimar really that different looking in vanilla?
I may not agree with best city holy shit did u paint a picture that has blown me away
I wish I had talent like this. I have none.
Beautiful piece!
I love how you have scaled it up. It looks even more realistic.
Nice! time to start a new alt and play for 2 weeks straight. THanks a lot
I miss when IF was the hub.  I still hate SW.
OP is obviously a concept artist for major themes, and if he/she isnt, they should be
This looks nothing like Thunder Bluff
I wonder if they will release with the wall-jumping glitch, I kind of want to do that again and go on the top of the AH XD.
Wow, that's awesome!!!
WTB;)
Ironforge isn't even the best dwarven city. Shadowforge City is:

• More centrally located on the continent.

• Much closer to the loot filled Molten Core/Blackrock Spire/Blackwing Lair.

• Home to the legendary Shadowforge.

• Much more cosmopolitan, hosting: elementals, dwarves, giants, nerubians, ogres, trolls, goblins, quilboar, tauren, gnomes, gnolls, orcs, undead, and flamewalkers.

• The location of the rootinest tootinest tavern on the planet, the one the only: Grim fucking Guzzler.

• Ruled from a waaaaay cooler throne room.

• Streets ahead in it's layout, with all the important stuff inside the central chamber.
now thats some good shite
that brings back memories, can we get this in a highres png version pls?
I can actually smell the lag in this beautiful painting.
Please tell me this is available to buy as a print? It's absolutely stunning and I must have it
This. Is. Amazing.

You've done such a brilliant job. I wish the in-game version looked as good as this. You've captured it so wonderfully!
Annnd I got a new wallpaper. Thanks :)
Amazing piece! Could stare at this all day. Bravo!
Wow amazing job
Stunning
Do you sell prints? If so, can we have a link?
Make love not Warcraft
Blizzard, we found you a new art designer.
which is your least favorite race?

Thanks for this.
Sorting by controversial shows you exactly what you expect it would.
"I was talking about World of Warcraft, Jenny"
Came here, boomstick loaded, looking for antidwarfitism but it looks like y'all are alright. Keep your feet on the ground.
Some of you are all right. Don't go to gnomeregan tomorrow.
I really want to upvote this, just in the hopes it makes it to r/all and really confuses some people.
Right now Goblins and Worgen just because the models are a like a half way point between the old and new models. Once they are updated to match the rest it will probably be female worgen because they will disappoint me
Lmao i thought this was an askreddit thread for a second.
Purely down to the animations I would say Worgen. 
WORGEN HAVE NO TAILS!

WHY DO THE GOATGIRLS AND THE PANDAPEOPLE GET TAILS BUT WOLFBOIS DON'T? IT MAKES NO SENSE, BLIZZARD.

So, Worgen.
Daytona 500, easily the worst.
The azsuna ley race, takes much longer than the suramar race. 
Humans. Both in-game and IRL.
Hozen.  Hey, here’s a joke about how monkeys throw poop!  Hey, here’s the same joke twenty more times in a row!
gotta be N64 Rainbow Road

Forsaken. They're a super tragic race with a really interesting backstory that should make them very sympathetic. But then they're cartoonishly and transparently evil, which ruins them for me. And by extension undermines the credibility of the Horde in general for accepting them as an ally.
Most hated for story, Undead.

Gameplay, Goblins, I’ve only actually ever finished the starting zone once.

Looks, Worgen, the typical stretched helmets going on and they look fugly 24/7.
Goblins because they turned Azshara into a shithole and Gnomes because they're annoying af.

Maybe it's unpopular opinion but I loathe the Draenei. Like come on, space Russian goat people? 

The lore ended up being really cool but when I just see one I always think of then as some science experiment gone wrong on a poor tauren...
While I play exclusively Horde, I'm really not a fan of Goblins and Undead. To me, the Horde should be the faction of the noble savage, the misunderstood outcast. Blood and Honor. A home for those who couldn't find one anywhere else. Goblins and Undead seem to exemplify everything I dislike about the horde, immorality and amorality, winning at any cost, aggression, and selfishness. I'm also not a fan of Goblin's wise-cracking, money making, brooklyn accent speaking ways. it seems all too jokey. 


And Gnomes. No one like Gnomes and those who do like gnomes just like gnomes because no one like gnomes. 
The race to the bathroom is the race I hate the most. Especially when I lose.
Gotta be humans, racist sacks of shit.
[Good job team](https://i.imgur.com/udtr5VL.png)
Gnomes. 
They look and sound so obnoxious. I can never take them even remotely seriously. 
I feel that at least 25% of players choose blood elves. I'm so sick of them.
Humans with they "haha i shit my pants :))" posture, night elves with their racism and undead, no need to explain that one
 [Elves](https://imgur.com/a/4vtWu)
Night Elves. 

Their colors clash and their proportions and animations irk me for some reason. 

That and they seem so pretentious despite being tree-hugging hippies - Tyrande is the worst about this I think. I thought Malfurion was way cool until Val'sharah though lol.
Playable? Probably male Pandaren. I was super excited for them to come to WoW because I loved Chen in Warcraft 3. But I hate just how comically fat they made them. Their torso is like 80% of their body. I was okay that they made Blood Elves kinda frilly, even when they made them skinnier in the Burning Crusade beta, because it wasn't an extreme. But male Pandaren are just too much to get passed. I turned my warrior into a male Pandaren, only to change him into a female Orc in the last character services sale. 

Female Pandaren are great though. 
Draenei. They had a cool story in the Warcraft III manual then Blizzard needed expansion fodder and so they changed from vile fiends that taught a god to despair to noble people corrupted by a sneaky backstabbing god. Oh yeah also spaceships 
If allied races count, I’d say Lightforged Draenei. I never thought that new hair, beard, and horn styles were something to gawk at, and their racials are lackluster. It’s like carbon copies with some slight differences. The tattoos and markings are cool though. Their story is essentially they met Turalyon and did what they wanted, as opposed to flying around in a spaceship made by a godly creature for the better part of 10,000 years. One sounds cooler, and it’s obvious which.

If not, the Night Elves. Tyrande is one stuck-up sonovabitch who didn’t give two flying fucks when Illidan SAVED THE FUCKING UNIVERSE, dissed the Nightborne for the oh-so terrible sin of using magic, and can’t listen to anyone else about anything, even about her own fucking god being the creator of our most powerful allies (the naaru). And that’s just their leader! If some of them were half as judgmental and stuck-up as her, I wouldn’t hate them! But alas, they aren’t. They’re much, much worse. At least they have cool lore.
Worgens.  Furries ruined them for me, just like they've ruined everything else. 
Worgen.


Half for their being so out-of-place and half because of Dick Van Dyke-esque butchery of British accents.
Fucking nightfallen. 

WHY THE FUCK IS YOUR REP SO HARD TO FARM?!

YOU THINK YOURE BETTER THAN US OR SOMETHING?!
HUMAN.

I, for the life of me, do not understand why anyone would play a human in fantasy games like this, if you have the option to be anything else. You can be a magical elf that can shapshift into animals! You can be a mighty Dwarf birthed from the very earth you stand on. You can be a kung-fu fighting drunk panda bear. You can be a goblin, a werewolf, a zombie, you can be a giant talking cow. You can be a fucking literal goddamned SPACE ALIEN THAT CRASH LANDED IN A FUCKING SPACE SHIP. But you choose HUMAN. The thing you are in REAL LIFE. I will never ever understand it.  
  
And they do NOT look the best when it comes to fashion. Argh!!
I simply cannot take Panderin seriously in the way I feel heroic like playing a Tauren Warrior. All Panderin are just silly 
gnomes, fuck gnomes tiny motherfuckers

whichever race you like the most
Definitely the 1500m 
That title would be rather inappropriate anywhere but /r/WoW.

Undead. They make the rest of the horde look bad for keeping them around. No armor looks good on them because of the elbows and knee bones and the hunch. Their voices are annoying. They are just plain ugly and have none of the cool factor of other horde races.
Worgen. Lapdogs, all of them.
Goblins.

Community begged for them, community got them, community dropped them like a hot potato.

Really puts shit like Ogre and Naga into perspective and bitters my opinion of the vocal majority.

E: The way that the community hounded Blizzard for them and then got them, taking up an ENTIRE race slot for the Horde and shoehorning Goblins into the story for all future expansions, is disgusting when I imagine it could've been literally any non-meme race with a half decent aesthetic.
Got a little bit scared there when I read the title before checking what subreddit this was 
Trolls

Said no one ever 
I love MoP, but Pandaren don't have anything interesting going for them.  It's not even the "Kung Fu Panda" some people spout.

They are really one dimensional.

You can look at any race and see a bad egg variant, but not the Pandaren.  
Pandaren, I hated MOP for that reason.
Tie between Gnomes and Goblins. Overall I just don't like the whole "gadget" thing these two races are focused on. It's just not very clever or amusing to me. That, on top of being really short, which makes them just look ridiculous. Cool transmogs can't even save them, because you can hardly see em
Void elves. I fucking hate them and everything they stand for WHY CAN'T WE JUST HAVE HIGH ELVES BLIZZ PLS

Edit: The High Elves in the Silver Covenant are actually pretty different from the Blood Elves in the Horde.
[removed]
