YSK That there is a Youtuber called "Dad, how do I?" that explains everyday things that might need a father-figure to help you with. His Dad walked out on him when he was 12, he makes maintenance vides for people with no Dad.
It's just basic stuff but I know friends of mine that have watched his videos in the last couple of weeks and it has made a real positive difference to their life. He does videos from how to tie a tie to even how to check your car's oil. Very helpful stuff that everyone who doesn't have a dad or just wants some DIY tips should know.
Yeah, how to tie a tie and shave your face.
That could be invaluable for a fatherless kid.
I think the guys a hero.
This channel looks really good, thanks.

I need this now, as an adult, not because I didn't have a dad but because I really didn't pay any attention to this stuff when he was alive.
I didn't even realize that these were things people's dads taught them or that you would ask your dad about. I kind of thought everyone just figured this stuff out for themselves... Who knew you were supposed to have a father figure in your life who could teach you things like that. What a great channel.
Also in the same vein are the subreddits /r/dadforaminute and /r/momforaminute for people who want motherly or fatherly advice, or just want to speak for a parental figure for a bit.

I think they are two of the best places on the internet.
This would have been super useful while I was in college! I have a dad but he never really taught me these things while growing up (there was no real need to) when I moved to a different country for college I had to figure out how to do a lot of these things myself! I’m just grateful for google and YouTube and guys like this. I’m married now and my husband does a lot of this stuff around the house but it’s good to know this resource is out there.
Fine I'll link it myself.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNepEAWZH0TBu7dkxIbluDw
This is lovely and wholesome.
This is so weird, there is another post on r/mademesmile regarding the same channel right on top of this post.....
My father's idea of fixing a leak was to put a pail under it and call a plumber. Every father is not a handy man.
https://www.reddit.com/r/HumansBeingBros/comments/gmjwp4/best_dad_out_there/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Is there a mom equivalent ?
His channel is both super helpful and super wholesome. There is one experience he has yet to capture though:

There should be a video where you're hold the toolbox and he's grumbling at you for each tool he needs. He becomes increasingly upset as he realizes the task is taking longer then he expected and you notice this as his tone of voice becomes increasingly more agitated as the experience progresses. Then, your mother walks over and realizes that he's not letting you help out, so they engage in a two minute long argument about how he needs to let you work on the task so that you can learn how to do it in the future. Eventually, your father will relent and allow you to try to work on the task, but he'll give you half-assed instructions and again, he'll become increasingly agitated as you ask more questions and fail to intuitively know how to complete the task. This will devolve into a shouting match which eventually ends with you holding the toolbox as he completes the task... on second thought, the videos are great in their current form.
Is there something like this for dads with daughters? My wife passed recently and she did all the typical mum things for our 7yo daughter, now I’m trying to play catch up
I will definitely check this out.  35 year old successful man here with wife and child.

Never had a real father figure teach me anything and my DIY skills are severely lackluster.

Thankfully, and gratefully, my income allows me to pay a professional if necessary.  But I would much rather be able to do a few things here and there on my own.
Wipes tears*
Its enough to make a grown man cry.
This is also invaluable for trans guys. Just the shit like learning how to shave or tie a tie from someone other than photos on WikiHow is really lovely. Thank you.
Just saw this on r/teenagers too right after this post. Quit advertising.
Now that guy is wondering where all these subs suddenly come from.
This guy became Reddit famous in the past 2 days. This is the fourth post I've seen about him.
I love this
He even gives you dad-like advice about not modifying your apartment and losing your damage deposit ;_;
Thanks for the YSK and not putting the link in the description 😂
I'm probably gonna get some hate for this because Reddit is transphobic af buuuuut THANK YOU for posting this. Sincerely, a trans guy who never got taught these things by his Dad because he used to be a little princess
Pro-tip: There are tons of these videos already in existence long before this dude became a youtube. Anything he has, someone has likely already put up a tutorial as well x10. 

Just youtube search like you would anything else any other day. Wanna know how to tie a tie? There’s hundreds of videos showing you how to do multiple ties. Hell there are instructions on how to make it seem like you are smoking smarties candy. This is NOT a unique/genuine/new/interesting. 

Y’all want to praise this guy for doing something that’s been done millions of times for years now and has existed long before this dude, and long after. He’s someone on youtube doing the same shit everyone else on youtube has already done. 

Jesus you guys are sheep that are so easy to pander to.
You should know that you too can farm karma by reposting a popular thread from the front page.
Needed this 15 years ago.. Hope he will help someone
Someone else posted this on humans being bros 2 hours ago but thanks for reposting
Yep. This one hit home.
Jokes on my dad I taught myself how to tie a tie, shave my face and change my mum's oil. Sucked in buy I never needed him to start with.
This is so sweet :')
This is incredible. Genuinely incredible. I had to learn a lot of this shit in my 20’s, really basic stuff.
Looks like he just started this page about a month ago, it's going to be cool to see what other videos he does.
Dude what.
I’m going to check this out. You may have changed the course of my life.
My dad died when I was 23. I am the youngest of four. I'm the only girl. My dad had taught me how to change my oil, fix a wall, random stuff he wanted me to know before I moved out at 18 yo. My dad taught me via fixing the houses he bought and fixed to rent or re-sell. 

6 months before he died, we had a talk and he told me he just might live another 20-25 years. I lost sleep that night. I kept thinking of all the things I still dodnt know. Then, I thought, my dad always had these sayings. My friends called them my "daddy-isms". He use to tell me, when I got too judgy about someone, "if you dont know by now, you'll learn soon enough.", referring to both me and who I was judging. Another words, shut up and quit judging. I thought I knew it all. 

I figured, if I dont know it now, I'll eventually figure out how to get if done. I told my dad I'm blessed if I have him for another 25 years or more. Little did I know. Lost my dad January 2004. Lost my mom Dec 2013. 

That being said, thanks for introducing me to this guys YT video. I just subscribed. You think you know it all, till you realize you dont. Thank you so much.
Looked it up, subscribed. My dad never bothered to teach me useful stuff, just basically ignored my until I reached the age when he could berate for not knowing how to do all of the things I was not taught. Thanks for the heads-up.

Can anyone recommend a similar channel for basic economic principles and how to have a responsible financial life?
Reddit is making him explode, and I love this. Subscribed 10 minutes ago at 70k now I’ve refreshed and he’s at 90k! 😍
This needs to be posted to r/wholesome
As someone from a family full of women that assume guys know guy things, this is something that would have/will help a lot in my life.
As someone who learned how to shave from YouTube, people like this are the salt of the earth. Love them.
I had a dad but he didn’t teach me shit, I learned it all on my own. Failure is important in the learning process.
omg I just checked out his channel & I love him 😭 I hope his life is full of love & daily hugs
Bloody gell i discovered this channel earlier in the day it had like 30.000 subs, now it has 350.000 subs hahah
This probably would have changed my life if it existed when I was growing up, you don't even know how much you don't know growing up without a dad.
this gives me the feels. I've fucked up my beard growth pattern by shaving wrong my whole life, dad to walked out. this man needs a medal
Reading this made me want to cry. People can be so good to each other.
He just posted a very nice thank you to everyone video on his channel.


https://youtu.be/2LO1MRyrTPs
He has gained 10 subs every second since this was posted 18 hours ago. Reddit is absolutely great community, but we might need a discussion about our apparent communitywide fatherissues.
Thanks for posting, this is a good channel. It raises a good issue that I think society has ignored, and has instead meant politicians have  tried to tackle societies problems through ineffective means that don't work but sound tough and get voters. Same with NGO's and charities etc.

(Also I need to add that most children will not see a male teacher until they are 12 years old:)

* 85% of all youths in prison come from fatherless homes – 20 times the average.  (Fulton Co. Georgia, Texas Dept. of Correction)
* 80% of rapists with anger problems come from fatherless homes –14  times the average.  (Justice & Behavior, Vol 14, p. 403-26)
* 70% of youths in state-operated institutions come from fatherless  homes – 9 times the average.  (U.S. Dept. of Justice, Sept. 1988)
* 63% of youth suicides are from fatherless homes (US Dept. Of Health/Census) – 5 times the average.
* 90% of all homeless and runaway children are from fatherless homes – 32 times the average.
* 85% of all children who show behavior disorders come from fatherless homes – 20 times the average.  (Center for Disease Control)
* 71% of all high school dropouts come from fatherless homes – 9 times the average.  (National Principals Association Report)

**Father Factor in Education –** Fatherless children are twice as likely to drop out of school.

* Children with Fathers who are involved are 40% less likely to repeat a grade in school.
* Children with Fathers who are involved are 70% less likely to drop out of school.
* Children with Fathers who are involved are more likely to get A’s in school.
* Children with Fathers who are involved are more likely to enjoy school and engage in extracucricular activities.
* 75% of all adolescent patients in chemical abuse centers come from fatherless homes – 10 times the average.
* 43% of US children live without their father \[US Department of Census\]
* 90% of homeless and runaway children are from fatherless homes. \[US D.H.H.S., Bureau of the Census\]
* 80% of rapists motivated with displaced anger come from fatherless  homes. \[Criminal Justice & Behaviour, Vol 14, pp. 403-26, 1978\]
* 71% of pregnant teenagers lack a father. \[U.S. Department of Health and Human Services press release, Friday, March 26, 1999\]
* 63% of youth suicides are from fatherless homes. \[US D.H.H.S., Bureau of the Census\]
* 85% of children who exhibit behavioral disorders come from fatherless homes. \[Center for Disease Control\]
* 90% of adolescent repeat arsonists live with only their mother.  \[Wray Herbert, “Dousing the Kindlers,” Psychology Today, January, 1985,  p. 28\]
* 71% of high school dropouts come from fatherless homes. \[National Principals Association Report on the State of High Schools\]
* 75% of adolescent patients in chemical abuse centers come from fatherless homes. \[Rainbows f for all God’s Children\]
* 70% of juveniles in state operated institutions have no father. \[US Department of Justice, Special Report, Sept. 1988\]
* 85% of youths in prisons grew up in a fatherless home. \[Fulton  County Georgia jail populations, Texas Department of Corrections, 1992\]
* Fatherless boys and girls are: twice as likely to drop out of high  school; twice as likely to end up in jail; four times more likely to  need help for emotional or behavioral problems. \[US D.H.H.S. news  release, March 26, 1999\]
[deleted]
"dad , how do i keep mom from cheating on her new boyfriend like she did on you?"
this sub is for advertising youtube channels now?
2nd post on the front page within the past couple hours about this same youtuber.  I smell a marketing scheme.

Also, i learnt how to do my tie and shave by myself, where's my medal?
Did this guy try to delete some posts or something? I've seen this story as much as that drunk guy headbutting all the posts that say they're are only 3 mods or whatever
Nice to hear “youtuber” associated with something positive and of value to society, for a change. Bravo sir.
Thanks
I had a father that never really taught me anything so this is very nice
Well I didn’t think I was going to cry in my car this morning before work but it’s happening.
I am 38 and I need this.
There are also Redditors who are doing the same thing. u/SClegane and u/Oklayon are awesome!
Damn, where was this guy 20yrs ago...
Thank you. Gonna need this for my son 😢
Normally, when I see something posted 18 times to 18 different subreddits, I get annoyed. But this one I'll always upvote. 

Dudes who grow up fatherless are at **SUCH** a disadvantage in life. I can't imagine where I'd be right now if not for my dad. He's my hero, my role model, my mentor, and my best friend. He taught me how to be a human being. The hole that would be in my life if he hadn't been there would have been HUGE.
Thays the cutest fucking thing ever
To be honest, my dad was in my life up until he died in 2010, and he never taught me any of this stuff.
I lost my father to a heart attack in 2003 at age 15. Im the oldest of four. I had to figure out so many things and teach my brothers. Changing oil, brakes, how to drive.
I need one of these but from a mother’s angle. Thanks for sharing!
Thanks for this. Had a step-dad who would say shit like "you should know this by now" when I was eleven ffs.
I remember having to teach myself to shave after my father passed away when i was younger, it would have amazing to have something like this as i grew up what a legend
As someone who just cut ties with their father, thank you
This guy must have so many virtual children he doesn't even know about. He's a father to all of his subs
Just subscribed and text'd both of my daughters and told them to subscribe!!!  He's great.
This post popped up right below the same post by a different guy (alt account maybe?) on r/teenagers, weird coincidence
Doing God's work
mine left 15 years ago. Still waiting for my cigarettes, dad
As someone who lost their Dad right before my teenage years when he would have taught me all of this stuff, this is INCREDIBLE! I had to learn it all myself because YouTube didn't exist but this is an absolute game-changer for someone in my position today. A lot of men find it hard to ask for help sometimes...
My mum or dad didn't teach me how to sweep and he let's just say got angry... This will be a great resource
My dad passed away when I was 5. I’m 21 now, maybe I should check this channel out 🙂
Could I have a channel for people with no mom?

My mother died when I was 12.
YSK some guy posted this on nextfuckinglevel saying he found this guys channel 2-3 hours after you posted this and got more upvotes...

reposters smh
As someone who's father was just so bad we had to leave him, I will be checking this out. There are things I wonder about but nobody to ask, maybe this'll help
He released a video 2 hours ago saying he has over 400k subs, the dude now has 505k, he's growing so fast I'm so happy for him, he's the hero many might need
He just posted a Thank You video. Who's cutting onions here?
Ok I’m gonna fucking cry real quick thanks
His channel went from 14,000 to over 1 million.
Is there someone who does this for people who don’t have a mom? I’m an older sister and try to do my best for my younger siblings but there’s a lot I don’t know how to do...
1.3 million subscribers now. He just released a video saying thanks for 800K!
As of May 21, 2020, his channel has more than 1,350,000 subscribers. He provides quality content that can and will help many people. I’m am incredibly happy that the internet found this fantastic guy.
Jesus, I wish I had this growing up. I’ve always struggled since my dad died when I was 7
Very cool of him !!!! The world need more people like him
This title made me cry. Going to the YouTube page only made it worse.
I gotta say, being a foster kid who went through home after home that didn't give two shits, this guy has earned major respect from me.
That's so sweet and thoughtful of him. I'm gonna go and check out his channel RIGHT NOW. Thanks for sharing this with us! ^^
Subscribed
I just went and had a peek and I really liked what I saw. He doesn’t have heaps of videos yet there but he has over 2mil followers... I think it’s great that he’s doing what he’s doing and helping people out with basics that we don’t ask necessarily learn. Thanks for the heads up.
never use your hand as a hammer. a dude told my dad when he was my age now.
Everyone liked that
🏅Dude I’m going to be sick... too sad
That man’s a champ, goddamn that r/mademesmile
OH MY GOD THE WHOLESOMENESS
It's enough to make anyone cry and that's great
This just legit made me tear up. Subscribed.
I’m tipsy and just stumbled upon this post. I watched the grilling video. I don’t have a grill and I’m distant from my dad. This channel gets a 10/10 from me :)
What a legend
Damnn...read this...checked out one of his videos...got my eyes watery.

Thank for recommending this brotha. This youtuber is a legend
He’s helping people out where he was left hanging in life, if that isn’t one of the most wholesome things ever I don’t wanna know what you call wholesome
I wish there was a mom version of this.
I enjoy having him as a dad.
I could've used you when I taught myself how to shave. Now when you start moving to Dad advice on marriage, I'll be listening.
Amazing, I hope this post leads many to him. Thanks for sharing.
Growing up without a dad was hard, would've been cool to have something like this.
I've never in my 37 years subscribed to a YouTube channel. Until now.
Wow what a great ad
I did/do have a dad but he didn't really teach me much of anything so I look forward to learning how to tie a tie.
Both sad and happy. I don't like it.
How much is this guy paying to be all over the front page of reddit today?
Dude this guy's viral marketing strategy is working so well. There are hundreds of these content creators already out there, yet this is all I hear about for the last week. You are all being bought and sold.
How many times and in how many subreddits are we going to see this spam?
Why should I know that? I already know you can find out how to do just about anything by googling it or searching on YouTube. We should all know this by now.. You're just promoting someone's channel.
I lost my dad when I was 4, things were rough for me as a boy. This guy rocks!
 

One of those rare cases in which you subscribe without needing to see a single video.
omg, i needed this so bad. my dad died when i was 13 and there’s so much i haven’t gotten to learn! thanks for posting!
I think it’s acceptable. Thank you!
As a boy without a father. I recommend this channel.
Man I just got goosebumps mainly due to my dad not being around me since I was kid. I’ll check out the channel. Thanks for letting us know 💕
Dad / Nathan Barnatt ought to do something similar. That would be very fitting.
As an almost 30 year old whose Dad worked away from home most of my life I can fully appreciate what this man is doing.
The day I realized my little cousin was a man was the day he rudely taught me how to shave. He was always the baby of the family, but the only one of us to grow up with his dad around. He was passing the bathroom while I was shaving and was appalled at what I was doing and what I wasn't doing. I was mad inside, at first, because, hey I was a grown man and he was still a kid. But, I was grateful for the knowledge, too, and upon some thought I realized, he really wasn't a kid any more, after all.
So I didn’t have a male father figure. Learning to shave was the most complex thing I’ve ever had to do and grapple with, as I had no idea how to approach it, it also had been reinforced that it’s a father, son thing, and was tied up in many emotions. 

That and learning to ride a bike, thankfully I had someone help me with that.
I’ll show this to my son when he gets older. My Siri is set to a guy’s voice right now and my son calls it Dad because he asks it questions all the time and Siri answers.
I need this dude. Thank you
This is awesome!  I have an awesome dad, but he's generally not the handiest guy in the world and doesn't quite have that redneck energy that my in-laws do.
This is so wholesome. I love it.
Hes no more if a hero than he was last week when this was posted the first time. I gave him a bunch of suggestions. Nothing someone else didnt say before me probably. 

How do I check her oil?
If i have a Dad am I still allowed to watch the videos?
How about a link to it, bud?
That's awesome, I've been wishing to find this kind of channel where experienced people show basic stuff to young people like that.
Can we have something like this but with a slightly dysfunctional dad who’s a little drunk and swears a bit while doing the things?
wtf I was literally just about to post about the same guy haha. Great minds think alike!
Often wondered if something like this existed when I did laundry.
crazy how I've been up since 4am and saw a post about this with less than 100 comments and now boom! YSK about it with over 9k upvotes!
My dad didn’t leave us until I was 18, but he was completely inept at anything involving tools. This is channel (and really any instructional YouTube) i give massive credit to for making me a semi-responsible homeowner who can handle most projects now. Good on this guy for being there.
C O P E
Youtuber you say? I'd love to own one.
I'm a 40 year old dude with some above average handyman skills but I'm still going to watch his stuff. I bet he's got some tricks I don't know about and I bet he has some great dad jokes.

Edit: Just watched one video. Yup A+ dad jokes!
It doesn’t have to sound like some downer... it’s just dad type questions... I have two fathers and this is still
Helpful
Found out I've been shaving wrong for years. Welp
I didn’t have much of a father figure.  I taught myself a lot.  I get the biggest joy passing these things on.

I have taught several young men to tie bow-ties.  It’s one of those really fun skills to have.  Impresses the women.
Michael Scott made some videos for the same purpose
I need this because my dad is more of a mum
r/internetparents is helpful too
YSK that if you have children, or even just someone who really loves you, you shouldn’t avoid being in pictures
My mom was the type of person who HATED pictures. She thought she was ugly so she avoided them like the plague. Most memories I have involve her behind the camera, not in front of it.

She passed away unexpectedly 5 years ago, yesterday was the anniversary, and when she died my siblings and I combed through family photos, online pictures, anything we could think of to find some way to see our mom again. There are only 3, two of which are a side view and the other is blurry. 

I keep her driver’s license because it’s the only head-on, smiling picture I have to remember her by. 

Please don’t avoid taking pictures if you have children. Because I promise you we do not see ugly, we do not see fat, we do not see flaws...we see our parents, our mommy, the person we love so much and will miss so much when you pass. Let us have a way to look at you again even after you’re gone.

Edit: because of this post, a beautiful person offered to clear up the only blurry photo of my mom I was left with. [Here](https://imgur.com/gallery/ow37QNG) it is! Thank you Reddit, from the bottom of my heart thank you
Thank you for saying this, and I'm very sorry for your loss. I just realized that I actively shy away from pictures, and that photos of many places I've been to or things I've done (trips, celebrations etc.) don't have me in them at all. This post will definitely change that, flaws be damned! Thank you.
I hated being in pictures. My husband passed away last month and we have so very few pictures together. Mostly I have our wedding. I wish I had more.

I've found comfort going through his phone. The camera roll is selfies, our pets, and food he cooked. I saved video of him checking the mail and taking out the trash from our doorbell camera.
I don't like how I look and have actively been avoiding taking pictures since some time now. This is definitely gonna change that. I'm sorry for your loss, and thank you for posting this. I hope you have a great life ahead.
This was an issue when my cousin passed. We have one photo of him and my mom who was like a mother to him. One picture someone took while opening presents at Christmas. They were sitting next to each other and he was laughing. He was such a morose teen, I felt like I never saw him laugh, but that picture is a family favorite.
shit i wish i could not feel uncomfortable in pictures. it bugged my ex to no end. I don't think im ugly i just have an aversion to them. I also hate forcing a smile.
I have the opposite problem as a photographer. I took pictures of my family because nobody else would. In turn I don't get my picture taken with anybody unless I nag them for hours and have to do it with a timer/tripod
My mom was the exact same way, for the same reasons. About a year after her death, I was watching old videos we made. Came across a Christmas morning video and she was trying to get out of frame. My brother shouted from behind the camera, "stop, cause one day you're gonna be dead and this is the only way we'll see you!"

Got reallll quiet in the room after that.

I have 3 kids and I make sure to be in pictures even though I look like I got hit with a bag of what-the-fuck, because I doubt I'll make it another 10 years anyway.
I used to do this, and then in the span of 5 years I lost 2 good friends, my best friend, my kid's dad, and my "other-mother". I now know the importance of pictures and I make sure I'm in all of them, no matter how much I hate my face.
I one hundred million percent agree with this!
My mom doesn’t like being in photos. She never has. And I respect that. I’m not going to force her to be uncomfortable for my sake. 

When  I do take pics of her with my kids I immediately show them to her and give her the option to delete them.
[deleted]
I wish taking pictures didn't bother me so damn bad it brings me to tears. I've always hated being in pictures/having my picture taken and would burn my pictures as a child because I hated them so much. I even hate the selfies I've made. Maybe one day I can find the strength to accept them. 

Good advice to give otherwise.
This might just be me but I *hate* posing for pictures and faking smiles. I have zero issue with candid photos where I'm just being genuine.

Thankfully my wife's a photographer and catches plenty of those but it's something worth talking to people who 'hate having their pictures taken' about.
I don’t avoid being in pictures. It’s just nobody ever takes pictures of me.
Same. I only have one picture with my mom and it was soon after she was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer and she knew she was likely not going to make it. I cherish that picture but wish I had more.
Well good thing nobody loves me or would want a picture of me am I right guys?
[deleted]
I avoid photos because people are stupid, vain, and narcissistic enough to put them on the internet, namely Facebook and Instagram, which are the online equivalent of a coupon book.
I understand what you're saying and I hope the following doesn't seem insensitive:

Maybe photos are just reminders of someone's death more than anything, preceding them as representations of a person's physical appearance. Ultimately can photos tell any other story than 'this person is gone'? Even looking at old photos of still living family members I don't see that image as them, but rather a person that used to be.

I like to think that keeping someone with you is best done from simply remembering them by the ways they made you feel and recognizing their impact on your life.

I don't have any photos of my brother who died but I still remember him as he was and how he continues to influence me. A photo only represents a moment that's gone the second you hear the shutter click.
This isn't YSK this is IMO
Uh...no. Respect that people don't want to be in pictures and be happy with the small handful of pictures you end up with. Some of us just don't like our pictures being taken. I don't even like looking in the mirror because I see my abusive mom looking back at me. But by all means, let me have pictures taken so you can feel slightly less bad when I die.
I think ones right to their own image trumps anyone else’s desire to have it. If someone doesn’t want to be in pictures, you can find other ways to remember them.
I hate taking pictures I was the youngest of my whole family, on both sides, for 10 years. I would cover my face when I was little and I still hate pictures I’m 17
I thought i looked so ugly balding and messy shirt. My girlfriend saved the photo and even framed it. I hate my self in that picture but she loves it so much. Still don’t know how she likes me in that picture lol
While it's sad when someone dies and normal to wish you could see them it should be respected that while they were alive they didn't want pictures. I don't agree with this at all. We should respect people's wishes and if she hated her picture  being taken it's incredibly selfish to guilt people into it because you want something.
[deleted]
Don’t live your life doing something you hate just to make people comfortable after you die. It’s not selfish to not constantly think about your “legacy” and what’s going to happen after you die. You’re dead, you won’t feel guilt, you won’t be looking down at your sad family looking for photos. Just live your life how you want and then die.
I avoid pictures cuz I'm trans and pictures make my entire body feel nothing but everlasting pain and dread :)
You should know that if someone you care about hates being in pictures, maybe there is something more profound going on than grumpiness or simple low self esteem.
Fuck that.

The mystery is awesome.

“That’s uncle nick.. this is the only known photo of uncle nick... he was mysterious”

Then I show up drunk at the family gathering again.
I don't necessarily hate being in pictures, but I find I'm often the picture taker. So sometimes I'll randomly take a video of me talking to my kids or just a selfie for no one to see... Everything is in the cloud for them.
As I hold my 5wk old son, who has done sweet little more than scream in my face for the last three hours, I am actively sobbing. I’m so sorry for your loss.
How bout fuck off, if I don't like pics that's my business.
But I just really hate photographs
What if I don't want to be remembered?
Maybe they shouldn’t yell at me every time I talk about transitioning to deal with my gender dysphoria 🤷‍♀️
Screw you, I don’t need to be crying at work
good thing i mean nothing to anyone :D

i fucking loathe being in pictures.
I spent so much time hiding behind cameras once I turned 14. It's only in the last five years that I've even stated taking selfies. There's a huge span where there are barely any photos of me. I really regret avoiding the camera for so long.
This is so important. My mother passed away unexpectedly a year ago and, the only pictures I have of her are the ones I spontaneously clicked. I feel grateful that I captured these memories. It feels good to look at her smiling face every time I unlock my phone.
To this I would add, take and keep some pictures/videos of yourself just living your life, and doing fun things.  Like a little of being at work, or whatever.  When my Mom passed, we were lucky enough to have some old Super 8 films from when Mom and Dad were dating and just married, and she was water skiing, downhill skiing, hot tubbing.  You intellectually know they did that stuff, but by the time they are old, it doesn't seem real anymore.  Having those films (digitized) to watch and show at the funeral home, was really great for everyone.  Your kids and grandkids will really appreciate those insights into your life someday.
That's so sad! I'm sorry for your loss.
I've always hated how I look but now with a girlfriend I have been slowly more willing to take them. Just recently we went hiking with friends and I was sort of pushed in to taking a picture with with my gf, while getting ready for the picture we were both nervous and laughing and there is a picture of us looking at each other and laughing...I live that fucking picture.
Gosh this is me. I never go on a photo. I’ll will take some selfies with my children this holiday. I’m always behind the camera or just a pair of ‘mum legs’. Thank you xx
I feel this. Luckily my Gram is still around and we’ve forced her into some now.

Two months ago we went back and rewatched our family reunion tape from 1991. In a scene that had her dancing with a bunch of people, she took the time to edit in a black square to cover her. It moved with her and everything. 

My Dad was so upset. We never see my Gram cut loose or relax - and she’s scrubbed it from the history.

Anyway - I hope some photos surface OP. Have you asked around?
Love being guilt-tripped on the front page for wanting to be respected and comfortable.
So strange, I was just thinking of this last night and started crying. I think the last "candid" picture of me is from at least five years ago.  We've had professional pictures taken, but it's not the same.  Things are gonna change!  Thank you!
Related but I live near tourist destinations. I always ask families, friends and groups of people if I could take photos for them. That way everyone is in them instead of that one missing person taking the photo.
Im so sorry for your loss. Would any extended family or friends have photos? This is a very good point. I realized after my first trip abroad that there were only 2 pictures with me in then since I'm the one who loves photography I was always behind the camera. I since have made a better effort but its definitely an ongoing issue for me.
Wow, this really got me. I have a baby (now 7 months old) and I must admit I avoid many pictures my husband tries to take because I look tired and a mess most of the time. It’s not too late but now I think about the moments I could’ve captured with me in it even the day she was born...
I lost my beloved Aunt almost 10 years ago now and she was like that. She hated getting her picture taken and was the person always behind the camera. I have one blurry picture of her and a couple videos with her voice in them. I miss her so much everyday and I wish I had more pictures of her. Thanks so much for posting this, it really needs to be heard.
Great advice. I’m sorry for your loss. Maybe you could get a journal and write in it every week. Think back to your favorite memories, they don’t even have to be in order or anything. You could even write an entry just about how she looked. It would be a nice mental walk down memory lane. Then later, if you ever start missing her or forgetting, you could read back through them.
Thank you- I’m that person behind the camera since cameras were huge on our shoulders. If I didn’t, the memories wouldn’t be there of the kids and their other parent. But when I went through trying to find pics of me and the kids...very few, mostly very old. Need to change that...even if it’s with selfies (which I haven’t figured out the method), I need to figure out how to make sure I’m in some photos.
My biggest regret is not taking any pictures with my dad. I had so many opportunities that I never took because he told me once he didn't want to be in any pictures. I'll never not regret it. And it will always hurt when I think about it. Thank you so much for bringing this up. I feel a lot less alone and guilty in that regard.
Wow. That's tough. I'm sorry for your loss of mom. Thankful you could get a good shot restored by a kind fellow redditor.  Your post makes good sense and I thank you for it. Again sorry for your loss
Well I fucking cried >_>
Wow... A post that seems to be directed right at me. My wife pleads with me to be in photos “for the sake of our kids.” I still shy away because of irrational insecurities. Perhaps she is actually on to something...
I’ll remember this when my mom insists on taking photos with me. 😭
I dont avoid pictures but i am always the one who ends up taking them which means im not in it
I am exactly the same way and it's the main thing I'm focusing on changing at the moment. Hopefully this post will give me that extra push I need. Thank you.
Ohhhhhhh I'm crying. I'm glad you got that picture fixed up OP
Yikes that’s me :(
This is my too. I am trying to be more open to pictures since I have grandchildren now.
No one are as ugly as they themselves think they are. I mean, not everyone are beckham or scarjo but you look much better than you think you are. This isn't just a motivational word but a truth
My favorite picture is me making a goofy ass face with my finger up my nose. I know I'm funny looking, and I'm only gonna look older, so may as well enjoy what I got.
I definitely needed to read this, I've hardly been in a picture with my friends/family for years now. I haven't been avoiding it exactly, I just didnt care about taking pictures, but now I do, thank you.
I almost thought this was a post by one of my sisters. My Mum also died suddenly 5 years ago, and she too avoided photos. It has been incredibly difficult. Sending you love and comfort from someone who has felt them feels.
The key then is to take pictures AND avoid putting them up on Facebook for people to comment 'you ugly'. Got it.
I have spent half a decade working location sound in film. A good portion of the job is avoiding appearing in front of the camera, including your shadow. I now find myself avoiding being in front of cameras without even thinking about it. Now I have to actively force myself into a picture.

I don't dislike having my photo taken. I just built a habit from work that causes me to avoid my photo being taken.
I forced my mom to take some pictures at the zoo because of this. I even tried (and failed) to teach my dad to take a selfie so he can send me better pictures of the fish he catches too. 

Always remember to tell people you love them too before you leave them. Even if you’re arguing, angrily yell “love you” as you storm out. Leave no doubt about your love, ever.
I avoided pictures all my life, and used to have beautiful long hair. Now I am entirely bald and no one believes me. No one can imagine me with hair at all lol.
In a similar boat here. I have maybe 3-7 pictures of my mom and she passed back in '13. I think she would have been surprised to see the lengths I went to save those pictures. (she never liked when they got destroyed but didnt expect me to have the sentimental value that I do)
Absolutely. I don't know if my mom (who passed away when I was 9) didn't like being in pictures, but she loved taking pictures and video. We've got tons of family photo albums and tapes of home movies, but she's behind the camera 99% of the time. Make sure you take time to step out and get in front of the lens.
Everybody thinks they look worse in pictures than they do.  The picture comes out backwards from what we see in the mirror, which is actually backwards.  So any amount of asymmetricalness in your face looks exhaggerated compared to what you’re used to seeing, if that makes sense.
I started calling my mom beautiful and taking photos of her on our hikes.
I am honestly pretty ugly but I have that exact same thought. It’s so important to be in photos because they really do get a chance to live on after you do. So I push past it and let it happen
Also if you have Pets just take random photos. My family dog passed a couple weeks ago and we are searching through videos and old phones for any pictures we can find. I miss him terribly and just want to see him from time to time.
Something like this will also force you to boost your confidence because you'll realize a little better that people don't really care what you look like, just that they need some physical image to remember _you as a being_ by.
This...was so sweet and heartwarming. It brought a tear to my eye
I make the same face in all my pictures. I stare at the camera like I'm gonna kill it. I figure if I ever die and my family finds the kitkat that I bit into without breaking in two, they'll get to look back and go

"damn, how didn't we know?"
This was a bit of a gut punch to read. I avoid pics like the plague and have very few from when my lil guy was a baby. From 4years old onwards he shall have more mommy pics and ones of us together!
It isn’t just for other people either. I spent my whole teenage years avoiding photos because I thought I was fat. Then in my fifties when I found one photo that someone had taken without me knowing, I realised I wasn’t fat at all. I was actually quite attractive.
Dang this really resonates with me lmao
One day I was looking at pictures with my wife and noticed I was scowling or barely smirking in them because I don’t like having my picture taken. And I realized that I was going to look like a sour grump in every memory we had unless I just smiled sometimes. So I did. And now the pictures in which I am
smiling make me smile again.
This made me emotional. The last picture I have with my dad is from when I was about 6 years old. I’m in my mid twenties now. He hates pictures of himself so much that he would rip photos and delete home videos if he appeared in them. It’s a serious emotional issue your mother and my father and others seem to have. I still have my dad with me and I think we managed to get one photo together a year ago thanks to a family member who was visiting but I don’t know where it is. Photographs are so important to me because they’re captured memories. From my heart, I am sorry for your loss ❤️ May your memories of your mom always be lovely ones and I hope you laugh and smile much more than cry when you think of her
Gosh I’m gonna cry. This is so true. I will remember this for when other people close to me do this.
People can photograph me all they want. I'm just not going to fake a facial expression or otherwise pose for your photo. (I'll make an exception for family photos but I'm not smiling!)
I deleted all pictures of me as a teenager when I was in a really bad place. I've also not been in any pictures for three years now (I'm 27). I regret it.
I love taking pictures, but my S/O HATES them and most of the ones I have are of candid shots I was able to steal while he wasn't looking. This is almost exactly what I told him, and now he will willingly take photos with me. I'd hate for our children to not have any photos of us to look back on.
I'm having sorta this problem now, mom died last year and I wish we had taken a few pictures together.
I lost my best friend last year and after I told everyone, take photos together. Be dumb, silly, make faces, capture the moment. It’s not for you, it’s for the memory
Thank you for this. Until March of this year my husband always only had a horrible android phone that took insanely bad pictures, he just got an iPhone 11 and the picture quality is worlds better. He couldn’t take pictures with me and the kids with his old phone and didn’t “understand iPhones” enough to use my phone. Since March there have been more pictures taken of me and the kids than there were the entire 6 years previously of being a mom. It’s actually a great feeling that I exist in someone else’s world now.
No. I have the right to be forgotten.
When i was little i hated being in pictures. At family reunions i would run off when they got the camera out. My dad died when i was 11, and because of how i was i only have a handful of pictures with him. As you can imagine, i take a lot of pictures now.
Along these same lines.....make sure mom gets in the picture. In my family I am the picture taker and suddenly realized I was not pictured in some events because I was always the photographer.
My dad has avoided photos so much that my siblings, mom and I have genuinely questioned whether he has a second family or something. That man can dodge a photo like no other. I’m going to show him this post and see if that changes anything.
No ones gonna steal my soul
Also sort of related, have your parents call you and leave you a voicemail telling you how much they love you, how they’re proud of you, whatever the case may be.

Download that voicemail and save it redundantly so that you can always hear their voices, even when they’ve passed.
oh god that's sad.
Drives me insane, my mom hated taking pictures, and my sister stole the only picture that was left of her (was even made into a painting, but guess who also took that).
Yeah before I was diagnosed with cancer I was the type to purposefully avoid pictures because I just don’t like how I look in them.

Ever since then I try to always purposely take and be in pictures. I took so much for granted, and I thought exactly this, if I’m not here tomorrow there will be like 5, maybe 6 good pictures of me for family and friends.
I feel this, my mom is the same way and because we live in different countries we rarely see eachother. Next time I see her, I'm going to to kindly force her to take a pic with us!
Thank you for reminding me of this. And darn you for making me cry.
I avoid them specifically so when I die people won't be remind of me when looking through pictures. Won't be reminded that I'm gone.
My brother passed away in March. There are almost
no pictures of him with his kids or his wife in recent years because of this exact reason. He died unexpectedly and his family doesn’t have any recent pictures of them together as a family. Capture those memories with your loved ones while you still can.
I use to be that person, I never wanted to be in pictures and as I got older I became insecure and felt ugly in front of the camera. I moved to Europe 8 years ago and my mom always asked for pictures and when I sent her pictures I took from my trips she always complained that I am never in them. I now take pictures with me in them. I want to have some nice pictures for my future children and grandchildren and even for myself to look back at when I’m an old bag.
Reddit loves to shit on people who take pictures or videos frequently, especially when they think they're going up on Instagram. Almost every major event or trip I participate in, I'm recording or taking pictures. It's really special to be able to look back at everything and not have to rely on memory for the details. I have images of all my favorite moments and friends, and they're priceless.
I'm so sorry for your loss. This is a really good YSK. I took a picture of my mom recently and printed it out as well as got a voicemail from her to save. I had had a few photos of my grandma who passed away a few years ago but last year my phone unexpectedly died and I lost all of them. I still have pictures of her from photo albums but they are mostly from when I was little. If I picture her in my head I can still see her how I remember her, happy and smiling. I'm lucky for that.
ive actually been worrying about this a lot recently. im 20 right now and realized that my future kids will have no idea of what i looked like during my teen years. i have fought tooth and nail to avoid being on camera for 6ish years now. i dont have any social media and never let friends or family take pictures of me. i really feel like i screwed up big time here. my 13-19 years have zero documentation because of how deep i was in depression and insecurity...
Yeah, but what if nobody takes pictures of me?
AND VIDEOS!!

I wish I had more videos of my Mom talking. I wish so bad she was alive when instagram videos and stuff were as popular as they are now.  I miss hearing her voice.
This might not be the intended effect of your post, but I'm gonna be snapping pictures of people like it's a safari now

Where'd I put my zoom lens and ghille suit?
My mom passed away unexpectedly a couple of years ago, and it made me realize what you're saying. I'm not a fan of having photos taken, but she actually was. She had the biggest smiles in every photo, even if she wasn't happy with her life overall. I realized I've got to smile in more photos, and that they've gotta be more genuine.
Last time I took a pic was last year. This kind of frightens me and I’m thinking of being more open to taking more whether that’s a random selfie or during family/friend occasions.
Fuck. As someone incredibly insecure about their appearance, this is a great point. You legit just changed my attitude about this
My mother avoids pictures and I've always understood because I hate being in pictures too. I honestly don't get why people WANT to take pictures. I understand not having many pictures to remember people by is frustrating but not all of us like our pictures being taken and you have to remember that.

Edit: added stuff
YSK: If you don't think this applies to you. You're loved.
This is what I keep telling my mom, she is overweight and feels embarrassed to be in photos and I keep telling her that I don't care what she looks like or what anyone that knows her she looks like...I will also show her this story just so she knows that I just want to always have her and see her where ever I or she is.
I loath pictures and avoid being in them if at all possible (love taking them though). It didn't hit me until after high school that pictures aren't for you. 

I was asking my grandmother if she had pictures of our grandfather to work on a project for him. She looked for a week and only found one. I'm going to end up doing the whole thing based off my sister and I's memories with him instead. 

If either of them die I'll only have a couple pictures of their wedding. Be in pictures for the sake of everyone else and forget about yourself for the ten seconds it takes. If you don't like being in pictures don't look at them, but you'll regret refusing to do it.
Thank you! This needs to be said. My mom is paranoid about social media and stuff so she never lets me take her picture and she’s getting up there I age. This is so important.
My mom died in Spring '98. The adults (all the kids were 15 and younger) realized in Winter '97 she most likely wouldn't beat cancer.

In the week of Christmas that year the entire family on her side all got together and we had a huge family portrait day. We in total took about 20 pictures of various groups.

It's the last chance we had to get a picture of her when she looked "healthy" because a month or two later it got much worse.
This only applies if you have a good relationship with family. I love my parents but my siblings are trash human beings. I know my parents want us to be a family again but I refuse to forgive scum so I made the decision easier. Haven't been to a family event in 3 years now nor have had a single picture taken in almost 4 years. No regrets so far. Not going to sacrifice my happiness in the hope I "get over it" 40 years from now.
I’ve been doing the same thing for years.   I just don’t feel pretty enough for photos or going to reunions.    I k ow I should be in pictures but I can’t help trying g to avoid getting caught in a photo.
I honestly feel it’s just very rude and selfish to do to make a scene every time someone else wants to take a picture with family as well

Had an aunt like this where every birthday party/Christmas picture was such a big deal, just fucking stand there for 5 seconds
I feel your pain OP. My mum passed away after a 3 year battle with cancer a couple of years back.

Because of how she felt a lot of the time and how she thought the chemo made her look we have almost no pictures of her from that time at all, and very few of her with my daughter.
i am so sorry for your loss, and i can empathize with where you’re coming from.

BDD makes it where if i have my picture taken i feel horrible the rest of the day or longer. i don’t know if long term memories of me in pictures is worth me being miserable every single time they’re taken. mental illness doesn’t listen to logic like this.
A friend of mine passed away from cancer a few years back. He too, didn't like to take photos, so we struggled to find one for his niche at the columbarium. Eventually, the one we found was of him at our wedding, in a group shot with my husband and I. He wore the same shirt as the one in the photo when they laid him to rest in his coffin. I was very grateful that even though he hated photos, he always made the exception for group shots during the Christmas parties at our place.
My aunt was the same way. She was sickly and lived with my grandmother. She died shortly after my grandmother passed away. We have very few pictures of her and now I’ve changed my opinion of not being in pictures. I don’t like it but I’ll do it. I’ll take pictures of my mom all the time if I can for no reason. I don’t want to be left with nothing when she’s gone.
More therapy sessions from the YSK sub.
This was my motivation to get professional family pictures. A professional can get much more flattering pictures, plus everyone can be in the picture together.
Wow, i hate taking pictures and I was thinking about this the other day. Daughter is 7 months old and we barely have pics together because I hate my appearance and I can’t stand looking at myself. I think I needed this. Thank you for your post, OP.
My dad was always the picture taker. I have 1 photo of him and me as a baby. It makes me really sad. I’m taking as many photos of me and my kid as possible. Really helps that digital photos are a thing now compared to then I think. Also didn’t help that we lived in the jungle in Africa when I was a baby so film was harder to come by
Hey man, I'm very sorry for your loss.
I feel for you man. My mom was the same way. Im do sorry
Lost a lot of weight recently and realized that I never took pictures as a kid because I thought I was fat. I don't have a single photo of myself from age 12-18. Not graduation pictures no school pictures no Instagram pictures ...  It's strange. I regret it. I take a lot of pictures of myself and my friends now.
Corollary of this post: if you are the spouse or close to a parent who avoids being in pictures, still do take pictures of them with their children. Do it overtly so if they don't want the picture taken they let you know. This is one of those instances where it is easier to ask forgiveness than for permission.

I thank my wife for taking pictures of me with my child because I have an aversion towards doing that myself.
My mom was like this until we were planning my parents’ 50 year anniversary party. We were working on a photo slide show and we all realized we had very few pics of her. 

She has since changed her attitude and lets me take all kinds of random pics of her. Of course I have to get her approval for any posted on social media, but that’s how it should be anyway.
Who's cuttin onions
One of my nieces hates having her picture taken. She’s a teenager, and we had respected her opinion...until her dad was diagnosed with cancer. She still wouldn’t pose for pictures, so her mom started sneaking candids when my niece was with her dad.

Unfortunately, her dad passed away recently. All of the candids have become precious to her. With the exception of when she was much younger, there are no other pictures of her with her dad.

She still doesn’t want her picture taken, and we have gone back to unilaterally respecting that.
So most of us are good then
> if you have children, or even just someone who really loves you

This can be interpreted 2 ways:

1) There are people who will want pictures of you if you die

2) You can't be that ugly if you scored
On the other hand, don't do things that you're uncomfortable with because of others, and don't force people to do things that they don't want.

Sorry for your loss OP.
Y’all killin me today.😢
Instead of a picture, take a video. My moms been gone a little over 5 years now and while the pictures are nice, I've forgotten what she sounds like and it crushes me.
I have been struggling with eating disorders and body dysmorphia since I was in middle school and this comment hit me hard because I don’t think anyone, not even my parents, have pictures of me at all aside from maybe 3 or 4 from 2013-2020.
I am this way and have been all my life. This way until I listened to a quote about how all art and photographs were shadows of the past and that they may not be significant at that very moment in time but later on they become some of the most important memories we have to share. Something about that quote got to me so much I've literally changed my career and am a photographer now.
I actively try to be in as many pictures with my daughter as possible despite the fact that I look a little rough at the moment. I know she’ll want them someday and frankly when I’m old and looking through a photo album I won’t care if I looked a little fat 3 months postpartum but I would care if I weren’t in any pictures with my baby when she was 3 months old.
My gf hates pics of her self so do i tbh, but at my birthday she hid when pics where taken and it sucks, she's gotten alot better with it tho. Sorry for your loss.
This is 100% a two-way street though. If a loved one wants to take your picture, you should definitely respect that. But at the same time, the person taking the picture needs to respect when enough is enough.

My mom has a bad tendency to need to take pictures of absolutely every little thing we do, to the point that it ruins the actual experience.
This made me cry. Im so sorry for your loss. My best friend passed around half a year ago and the only pictures I have of her are some side snapshots, and one of her back. I also never took pictures with her because I knew how much she hated being photographed so all I have left of her are my memories and it hurts so much. It must be even more painful having this happen with your mother, I sincerely hope you find some old teen pictures perhaps, something she didnt remember even existed, to retain a clear picture of what she looked like
but im fat
Maybe if i will have a family of my own I'd do this. Or I'll be in a better place mentally. I never really liked what I looked like in pictures, so I avoid them when I can. And if I do pass away, I have decent pictures for my family to choose from.

This post just made me realize that I haven't gotten myself a nice photo since 2015.
I don't think you should force people into doing things they don't want to just for your own benefit. If your mum was really so against getting her photo taken then think how embarrassing it would be for her had she seen them.

I lost my dad this year and there wasn't a great deal of photos of him, it's upsetting but it's not the end of the world and no amount of evidence of his existence will bring him back, I just need to treasure my memories of him and the time I was fortunate to spend with him.

I say this as someone who is super sensitive to getting my photo taken even more than my late father, just the thought of it actually makes me feel ill so that will always be a no from me.
No, your memory should suffice and if it doesn’t then that is your fault. Stop trying to change people for your own personal needs.
fuck that, if I don't feel like being in a picture, you have no right to force me to be in one.
this post resonates with me so much. my dad passed away in december of last year and in the process of trying to scramble together pictures of him, his work badge , along with the other few pictures i could find, got lost. it had his picture on it that i felt like held his true "look." 

we do still have his wallet and it never occured to me to keep/carry around his drivers license!! i think that could be a good way to feel some better about the whole experience and heal some. 

in conclusion, i also wish i had more pictures of/with my parent. thank you for sharing your words. this will really stick with me and make my days a little brighter!!!
I don’t disagree with your sentiment (and I’m sorry about your mom) but I don’t think it’s just as easy as “well just do it” for people who have severe anxiety and/or self-image issues. it may seem like an easy thing to just do, doesn’t last long etc. but there’s a reason people like your mom and others will vehemently avoid having their picture taken at all costs
Not just photos, but video as well. I have a ton of pictures of my grandma, but I would do anything to hear her voice and her laugh.
Also, if you're out somewhere and you see parents taking a picture with their kid and only one parent is in the picture, offer to take the picture for them so it's a family picture. I do this often when I am at theme parks and see families taking photos. Those are memories they are making with their child and significant other. I don't think I've ever come across a group that has said no thank you.

I also hate the camera and never ever take pictures with my kids. I think about this often and I am consciously working on changing this.

I am so sorry for your loss <3
YSK that it's ok not to like being in pictures and if you love someone you will accept them as they are hth
You're completely wrong. Those of us with self-esteem issues do not need lots of pictures that we ourselves hate as constant reminders of how we look.

"We do not see fat, we do not see flaws." If so, then why do have I never heard a compliment on my looks my entire life?
imagine having a problem accepting your own body image and your children, that are supposed to know and respect and help you, just go "get over with it because we are a needy bunch, get over your imaginary problems" instead of, you know, giving this person some actual help.
This made me cry.  I am very guilty of this.  I’ve always told myself that nobody really wants to be with me, so they probably ask for me to be in the picture just to be nice.  So, I always avoid being photographed.
Ive avoided pictures all my life but not no more..(sorry for ur loss)
I always ask my husband to take pictures of me with the kids.  He never does.
Shit
Very true. When I was a little bit younger, 8-17 year old phase say, I always shied away from taking photos with my family members. It was not as if I did not have a good relationship with them, but whenever it came to photos, or to showing explicit affection, I shied away. Then I suddenly lost my father at the age of 17, later when I searched for our pictures together, couldn't find much of those during this 8-17 y/o phase. Pains sometimes, because of this.
I’m a nurse and I had a patient tell me about how when her mom died, they had to use her mom’s driver’s license pic as her memorial photo because they had zero pics of her. 

If my family used my current driver’s license pic for my memorial I would haunt them in my afterlife.
My lovely mother takes a ton of pictures, and I would always give a little eye roll or scoff it ask shit like "how many pictures could you possibly need"; I would generally be a rebellious, insecure teen. she genuinely has thousands in film and digital storage. Then I moved hundreds of miles away for college and my mom, who is pro-hobbiest scrapbooker, gave me a scrapbook to take with me. 

I'd admired and appreciated her scrapbooks my entire life, but I wasn't far enough removed from them to see the true value. After a year of being depressed and homesick, never able to visit for long enough, I cracked that book and cried like a baby seeing all of the beautiful memories, all the hard work, and how much of herself she poured into that book. my family is not perfect, and struggles to communicate our feelings, but we are fortunate to really have it where it counts. Everytime I need it I am able to open that book and be reminded of all of the wonderful times we all had and all the love that remains. 

After that I am always the first person up and the last person to walk away when she asks for pictures. I see them like stocks or mutual funds now. An emotional investment that will only get more and more valuable over time. 

This post is motivating me to photo copy her collection of scrapbooks to have a backed up, electronic record of the hours and hours of love poured into those books.
Made me cry a little. Dam you op
I tell everyone this as a photographer. Legacy is the closest thing that we have to immortality as human beings. Your image will carry your legacy well into the future more than your physical presence ever will.
I am so uncomfortable when other people take pictures of me on their devices, so I make a point to hand my phone to someone else to snap a photo of me with my kid.  I also take a lot of selfies with her.
SLPT: If you don't like your picture taken, alienate everyone in your life until you have no one left to hold your memory.
I have a six month old baby boy and just had this thought the other day. Thanks for confirming it— I’m going to force myself to stop being camera shy so my baby can hold on to me even when I’m gone <3
I believe I look ok in real life hut when I know someone is taking a picture of I somehow just make the worst smile possible so I never look good in pictures. Sometimes I still try to get a good picture but it is never a good one

I would love some tips for pictures
Omg this is heartbreaking 
I remember before I wasn't really the picture type of person but now I take picture because of memories
Oh man this is me. I hate having my photo taken. In college I used to get jealous of girls that had millions of photos of them and their friends and family. My mother was like this too so I guess I got it from her
I lost my father last year, and he was a great photographer but rarely turned the camera around so I second this. I wish I had more pictures of him.
This is great advice. I have a 2yo and an 8yo. We were recently looking through family photos and realised I’m hardly in any.
I really hate having my photo taken but it is amazing looking back on pictures of us all together.
What a great comment. You are absolutely right; take many pictures and be in as many as you can. My wife's mother died a few years ago, and she was a person who always fussed about being in pictures. I took them anyway, including videos with sound, and even though they are hardly professional, they are now invaluable to us. We may think our children will always remember us or that we will always remember our parents, but in the hustle and bustle of life the years will erode those memories and we will end up wishing we had even more photos. Thank you again for sharing.
Also, take pictures of your pets and kids as much as you can. This doesn't mean post them to social media constantly and annoy other people with these pictures, but taking them to keep for yourself you'll be grateful for. My cat passed a couple of years ago and I just wish I had taken more pictures of him to remember him by, and my brother passed not to long ago as well and I know losing a child is hard. Even harder if you have no pictures to remember them by.
I hate being in pictures because of my weight, but I decided it was worth it so my son has some memories when I’m gone.
Idk though. Just to play devil's advocate Maybe it's still their right. Like maybe your mom considered this, and thought "I'd rather my kids not remember me by photograph" for whatever reason, maybe one she didn't even share.
My mom's like this and browses reddit. I really hope she sees this
True. After my granfather passed, we looked through pictures and videos. We saw him from behind once, but not his face. Since then we’ve made sure my other grandpa is in the pictures, as he’s usually the one to take them
As a LPT for people that forget to take pictures, or usually don't like to, bring a small stuffed animal with you to 'take pictures with', or 'take pictures of'.

Not only will you find yourself doing funny stuff with it, but you'll take TONS of pictures.

It works well.
My boyfriend finds it odd that I want to take pictures of everything, even the mundane. I always try to take photos with friends or family or of them. I only have a few photos of my now deceased grandparents because they lived in another state most of my life and I hate that. I wish I had more of an opportunity to take photos with them. People think it’s kind of dark to actively take photos just in case someone passes away soon, but like.. we literally never know, and it’s also the sentiment behind the photos. Alive or not, they are captured memories in which I can cherish of them or of us.
This is facts. My cousin and I had been closer than anyone else in my life. I moved out of state and wed see each other once a year during our family reunion on the 4th of July. We took about 1 of 3 pictures of us together july 4th 2017. He took his own life july 7th. I hold on to that picture dearly. Hold on to your loved ones and always say I love you. You may not be able to see them next time
So I'm not sure if anybody has possibly touched on this already or not. But to all the people getting pissy about how they have the right to not be forced to take pictures, also consider different points of view and circumstances. I absolutely loathe having my picture taken and still do today. But every so often my wife would basically beg me to take a picture together. And as much as I hated it id just go with it, or shed just take a picture and id have to deal with it. Never in any sort of negative way she just wanted to take a picture together. But then really suddenly, she passed away. Never saw it coming it just happened. Now i have tons of pictures of herself and her with our kids. And maybe a handful of us together. And I absolutely HATE that I didn't take more pictures together when I had the chance. So you might hate having your picture taken and that's your right. But it could come back and bite you in the ass too.
I don't have a family or anyone who loves me, am I exempt?
Also, for my alpha bro’s out there, don’t always have a tough guy look when you get photographed. Let your children have pictures of their dad having fun and looking happy to be a part of the family.
I’ve never been the kind of person that likes pictures, both taking them, or being in them. My daughter was born a little over a month ago, and I can’t imagine a world without her, and I’m sure that she will one day feel the same. This will definitely change my view on that. Thank you and I’m sorry about your loss. I don’t have any reddit currency like gold or anything, but you have my thanks and utmost gratitude.
I feel this. I don’t like myself in pics and my husband seldom takes them. For the sake of our little boy though,  I make myself get in there whenever I can.
I'm known as the photographer for by friends and family at gatherings. While many may complain at the time that I'm taking too many shots, they all later thank me for doing so to preserve their memories.
My dad passed 5,5 years ago. He loved photography since he was a teen, so he was always behind the camera, never in front of it. He had lots of pictures of me, my sister, and our mom. 

Luckily, our mom was a fan of the video camera. A little while after he died, we found several hours of videos that our mom had taken, most of them of us as babies and toddlers playing with dad. It really helped us through the grieving period, and I think it was even better than pictures, because we now had his voice, his laughter, and we got to see him interact with us. 

I'd also like to add that you should collect photos and videos in a place where someone can find them after you're gone, or tell someone where to find them, otherwise it could all be to waste.
I empathize with your mom.   I am still devastated by the last pic I took.  It can be very very upsetting for some people.   Like turning ourselves inside out for all to see and judge.
I was this person until my grandmother passed and we had like 3 pictures of just her in 20 years, now I just deal with it.
Half a year ago I recorded all my family members, during a normal conversation, in secret. In the box with the flash drive containing those files are birthday cards from each one of them as well, so I'll always have their voice, photographs and personal messages. None of them know about this, only my gf and me. It's a personal piece no one will ever be able to take away.
whelp, between this post and the gif of the kid getting adopted i am having a pretty emotional afternoon i tell you hwat
Reading this literally made me cry. I've experienced death alot. I have a box, it contains a picture of every person who has passed, along with the death card. I rifle through it on their death anniversary. I have one friend, I have no picture, I was unable to attend the funeral. They are remembered only in my mind.
My grandmother used to do this. Most pictures  I have of her are with her hands covering her face or her hiding behind something. I only have a few when she started getting very sick from the cancer, doesn't even look like the person I remember. Miss you every day, Mia.
Ouch that hits home. Noted. Thanks.
This is a great point. Just want to add - if you have a husband or wife make sure you take pics of them with your children. Most husbands get representation but a lot of wives don’t. It’ll definitely be a great thing later. Sorry for your loss OP.
I feel like I could have wrote this about my dad.

He was always the camera man. He loved taking photos of me and my mom. My mom passed away when I was 5 so I have photos and videos of her but only a couple of my dad. I should add that I don't remember much of my mom so those photos and videos are extra special to me. 

He's been gone for 3 years and I'm currently pregnant with my first baby. I'm an only child so I know he'd be so unbelievably excited to know he was going to be a grandpa if he was still here. I don't have many photos to share with my son when he gets older 😔 I'm happy that at least my husband's parents are around and I still have my lively maternal grandmother, but it still sucks my son won't know the other half of his grandparents.
OP same for my mom gone seven years have literally 6 pics between all of the family
I don't think I have more than 5 pictures of me and my mom together, after I stopped being a baby. It's either just me or my brother and I. My mom was the picture taker and to her, these are precious memories for her, but where are my pictures of her? I started taking random photos of her as a bratty teen because she didn't like it. When she's gone, I'll be so thankful I was a brat and teased my mom by taking pictures of her.
I feel like crying....
This is a real issue I have with my dad. He always jokes or gets outright mad with the camera. No talking to him about it. Makes me really sad to know I wont have many pictures of him when he is gone.
I don't think I have a single picture with my mom where she doesn't look annoyed that somebody is taking her picture...
My mom is the same way :/
I know this is late and It’ll get swallowed but thank you for this. I am the mum ( my ma died this year) and hate my pic being taken with my son - I don’t want my weight/lifestyle documented but this is important. I’m going to get pics tomorrow for my sons birthday and I will be in them!
I'm one of those people, and this hit me in the feels.   You've done a good deed here.
I avoid pictures but not to the point where there are literally none.  That's kind of silly.  We are not our bodies and sometimes avoiding pictures helps avoid reflection on the past which is a good practice in spirituality as it can help disidentification
Damn ninjas cutting onions here
I have been proud of the fact that you couldn't find me in any pictures in the past. I have a daughter now and I will cooperate some times for her sake. I still maintain a low profile online though, most pictures I will insert my cat.
This is me. My mom was the same way. This will be rectified for my son. Thank you for this.
That's how my grandpa Bernie was, I only ever saw three pictures of him.

One from when he was a golden gloves boxer, one from when I was born, and another one from 5 years before he died.

I wish I could have seen more pictures of him, I apparently look a lot like him.
I lost mom mom as a teenager.  There are some pictures of her and of me and my siblings but not many as we got older. 
 I made it a point when I had children that we had our pictures made as a family once a year. It was generally Christmas time.  
 I wanted them to have pictures of all of us together.  
 Even know I always make sure when photographing my grandchildren that we do selfies because I want them also to have plenty pictures documenting fun times and great memories.  I don’t like being photographed for most part I’m so hard on my self with all my “flaws” but I don’t want that to be the reason for when I’m gone my children and grandchildren don’t have photos of me and all the good times we’ve had.
this 100%

i avoid cameras like the plague. i have the worst self esteem. but i’m in my 40s and i have a 4 year old. if i die suddenly i want him to be able to still see my face and hope the pictures will remind him of good times. 

sorry for your loss and sorry you didn’t have lots of pictures.
It's not always about worrying you're ugly. I just hate being recorded or having pictures taken of me because it makes me deeply uncomfortable. I have no issues with my appearance, I simply don't like it.
I don't like the way I look but I always pose for photos with family for this reason. I just don't look at them after they've been taken.
This ^ i love taking pictures of my friends,  especially candid ones.  I treasure those sweet memories.
Well you’ve now convinced me to take more selfies and not shy away.

I feel bad because my kids are 19 and 22.  Thank you for sharing and teaching this old fart. 

Whoops! Had more to say.
Some people at my mom’s funeral got upset because I made a memory board of her and they thought some of the pictures weren’t flattering. All I see is my mom, happy and having fun, and who is beautiful to me. I’m glad I have those memories.

My daughter is 5 and my beauty is fading. I’ll make sure to not to be shy in front of the camera as I grow old. Thank you for sharing.
Ouch, my feels
Thank You for that. I am a mom of 5. About to be a grandma to 2 of my kids babies. I DO NOT DO PHOTOS. I have been told how beautiful I am by everyone who meet me. Yet, I do not feel this way so I avoid pictures at all cost. Am usually the person behind the camera. Recently, due to a divorce in process I started to feel like everyone has been saying. I feel beautiful, worthy and happy enough to start smiling again. I dont like photos because I think I have a weird smile. Which is a barely there smile. I am 40 y/o and don't know when my time will be up. I never really thought about pictures for memories after I am gone. I will start jumping in, photo bombing and snap chat every chance I get. I dont want my babies and grand-babies to forget my smile, my face or the look of admiration when I see them. I appreciate you and this thoughtful post.
(I didn’t read through the comments so this may have already been said). To the dads: if in your relationship you notice that your wife is always the one taking pictures of event or with kids then try and switch spots and get her in the pictures occasionally! If she says no then try to get some candid photos.  It’s so awkward to ask someone to take a picture of yourself, save her the awkwardness and start taking pictures.
I always tell my friends that when I see them the things I notice are the good beautiful things about them. I see their beautiful smile, not their crooked teeth.
Leave voicemails.
Tbf, people these days have genuine privacy concerns about their pictures being uploaded digitally. In the past, your family pictures would solely be your property. 

Nowadays, they're uploaded to social media, and they don't belong to you anymore. Couple that with the increase in facial recognition technology, and it's hard not to blame some people not wanting their pictures taken.
Wow, this really got me. I am over here  crying thinking about my son trying to find pictures of me.  I would have never thought about something like this. I hate taking pictures, but ill make sure to take more especially with my son. Thank you!
"Our mommy"- ooooooh boy that got me. Who's cutting onions?
This totally didn't make me cry. Lost my dad almost 7 years ago to the date, mom is almost into her mid 70's. But there are plenty of pictures of the both of them, them with all of us kids, grandkids, even great grandbabies. I never liked having my picture taken, even when growing up. Now we come to my future wife of over 5 years. She wants us to take more pictures, of course I've been fighting it. This makes me think I should take more pictures with her.
At the same time, if someone says they don't want to be in a picture stop pressing the issue and just take it without them
I'm so sorry for your loss. The thought of how precious your mom's license picture must be to you just broke my mama heart. I'm guilty of not being in too many pictures or videos, usually because I'm the one taking the pics but also I don't make much effort to get in when I havent done my hair or feel like I'm not looking my best. But you're so right, kids don't care about how pretty or made up their parents looked in any photo. I am going to make an effort starting now to be in more pics, no matter how unkempt or whatever I may be feeling. 

as a mother to young kids I never thought about this, so thank you very much.
Jesus Christ now that you took my heart and guts should I show you my buried treasure too? Fuck my heart hurts reading this. I have a 4 and 7 btw.
This hit me in the feels, and it’s because I needed to hear it. Thank you.
You are 100% right. My mother also was always the picture taker. I hate having my picture taken, but I try so that my daughter will have pictures to look at after I’m gone. I have my mothers driver’s license too. I don’t want that to be my daughter someday.
Every couple weeks/months, I go to CVS and print out all the (good) pictures on my phone.  It’s pretty cheap, and now we have photos all over the house.  

I started doing this as an inexpensive birthday present for my boyfriend (now husband!), and put them in a photo frame collage from goodwill.  

We share so many photos on social media/etc, but having real printed photos are absolutely wonderful. Go print the photos on your phone!
Oh no.. I’m gonna cry 😢
My Father passed away a couple of months ago from COVID.  After the funeral, my siblings, mum and I went through our family photos from the last decade and found nearly none of my siblings, myself and our dad, I really wish we had taken more photos...

Edit: Typo
I am a mother like this. If there are no pictures, the faster they can convince themselves all this was just a fever dream. And move on.
I am the same way your mother was. I always always avoid pictures. After reading this, I will make sure to always take pictures even if its very difficult because I am so insecure about my appearance.
You totally got me with this one. So many pictures I have of my little ones and their daddy but so few are of me with them. We have a picture on our wall in the living room, that was my 9 yo's preschool project at her very first preschool. It was an 'about me/my family' project. When hubs went to find her a pic to send to school, this was the only one we could find of all three of us together. It was taken at Lincoln Park Zoo at night during Zoo Lights the year before. I was going to take a picture of the two of them in front of the entrance when a man walking up behind me and said 'I don't want to startle you, but I would like to take a picture of the three of you. Moms never seem to be in the family photos.' I let him take the picture and I'm so grateful he did. It's the only picture we had of the three of us. I have a few times stepped in to do the same thing, especially moms, we gotta help each other out.
This is incredibly wholesome and you deserve every good thing in life.
Sorry for your loss and thanks for sharing this. I don't have children I'm kinda young still but I've always hated take pictures and now I can see how this could be an issue if something happens to me. My grandma right now has dementia and cancer and she always hated to take pictures, I never realized that eventually she gonna be gone and I won't have many images of her to remember her by, I think I have like 2 pictures at the most from how I remember her since I was a kid, 1 picture of when she was like 13 years old, and lately, in the last 2 years some of my aunts would come and take pictures with her but she looks sick and tired and always in bed and is not how I remember her at all, I'm afraid eventually I'll face this same issue.
This hit me right in the feels. I’m overweight at the moment and hate taking pictures but I always take selfies of my son because he’s only 20 months old and I want him to see how much I love him and how happy I am when were together.
I always avoid being in pictures. Why did you have to hit me in the feels like that man ? 😭
Don't forget video. You can see your loved ones', their signature movements, their voice, all that.

My dad passed when I was in high school. He was always the guy holding the DSLR. So now, we barely have pics of him. Worse, in an age when there are video recordings galore, I don't have a single video of my dad. 

Which brings me to this: I don't have many video recordings of my mom either! Gotta have memories on video too. 

And myself - i was again the person in the friend's group who clicked everybody. My friends somehow were never the kind to click my pics. And i hated selfies. 

Now, i make sure i click selfies if there's nobody else clicking. Especially when i meet people after a long time. 

Something i wish i had learnt earlier (gonna sound very stupid): you can click 'normal' selfies. Don't fall for the weird cringe expression making contest. Just smile (or not even that) and click!
YSK that you can block u/RealTacoBell to remove the Pete Davidson eating a taco ads
Why YSK: This is the first ad campaign I've seen that doesn't allow you any control other than pausing or muting the video. If you, like me, feel you have no control over this and find this campaign ridiculous, know there is a solution:

Go to u/RealTacoBell 's profile and block that account. Once blocked the ad should stop appearing.

EDIT: Some users are reporting an issue with directly blocking the account. Users are also stating if they mark the ad as spam then they can block the account that way. If you come across an issue, try that?
Thanks, was really annoying having a huge Pete Davidson face on my phone
Real Taco Bell couldn’t be blocked is the message I got…
That ad irritates me an irrational amount. Glad to know I'm not alone, thank you.
I've never seen such a united front on Reddit about a single ad.

Can someone screenshot it for me - I legit have no idea what the image is that all these posts are referencing.
This ad just makes me hate Taco Bell
YSAK that using RIF or any app other than the official has an option to block ads because fuck ads.
Guess which ad sat above this post
“realtacobell could not be blocked”

Fuck you Reddit
We salute you.
Yup blocked them this morning. I see your ad 20 times in one day it has a reverse effect on me. Go away!
They are about to suffer the wrath of YSK by being the most blocked account on Reddit.
Wow, this is insane. I thought that ad was *particularly* annoying.
what are ads?

I'm using RIF
LOL  Taco Bells apology ad is worse than what they are apologizing for.  Backfire!
Stop trying to make Pete Davidson happen. Its not going to happen
I can't believe people use this website without ad blockers or a 3rd party app. Infinitely better experience.
YSK, I got permabanned from r/lifeprotips for suggesting this with u/automod cluttering up the first comment of every single thread with each sub’s repetitive notice.
Thank you
Not the ad literally appearing between this post and the comments :o it’s everywhere
Ads?  I don't know about that, I use RIF / RES
This is why I still use old Reddit. Even on mobile I just use a browser. All I get is a thumbnail and scroll past it.

Even that fuckin annoyed the shit out of me.
Just when I thought I could not like Pete Davidson any less, Reddit over posts this fucking ad.
I reported it as spam, which then gives you the option to block their account. 

It's unfortunate, as I usually enjoy seeing their ads, but that was too much.
on the off chance that a taco bell exec employee/marketing member is hearing this. I occasionally eat at your restaurants and I like crunch wraps but these videos infuriated me and even though I would've been a market for a breakfast version, I no longer am.

Probably could make one better at home anyways
Use Apollo on iOS - no ads
I rarely eat at Taco Bell but I will never again after seeing this and how you cant even block it anymore. Unbelievable
THANK YOU!!!
This blew up in their face. Probably the 6th thread I’ve seen about it, I blocked it yesterday after seeing it for the second time, fuck that shit. 

Fuck you reddit, and fuck the “More like this” section they added back to the iOS app. I always say it, QUIT FUCKING WITH SHIT! It worked fine before, leave it alone.
You can't anymore. They blocked the ability to block it.
This is so helpful. Thank you.
Wow, thanks OP! I got tired of looking at that ad the first ten times lol I like Pete Davidson, but not that much!
Thank you Thank you Thank you
Report it as spam & then you can block it
Can no longer be blocked. Reddit corporate after that bag 😂
I JUST DID IT AND IT SAID “U/REALTACOBELL CANNOT BE BLOCKED WHAT THE FUCK
Ffs, THANK YOU. That guy looks like a walking STD.
You can do this with all ads/promoted accounts. If it says you can’t, it probably still worked. I block it 2 or 3 times then refresh
You’re the real MVP dude. Muchas gracias.
I just got that they couldn’t be blocked. Wtf?
Tried to block, unable to. Marked as spam and tried to block, still unable to.
No option to report user or ad, can’t be blocked either
[deleted]
Most blocked account in Reddit history? They must be paying a lot to advertise here though so it will soon be impossible to block them.
Thank you kind sir.

Edit: this user cannot be blocked.
Ty
Thanks for this! I'll do it for every ad I can now. I also downvoted all their posts
Thank fucking god
It still won’t let me block it.
Doesn't work
UBlock Origin works miracles.  I had no idea there were Pete Davidson taco ads until I saw this post.
You are a beautiful human being. Bless your sweet buns.
It actually worked. The ad was literally playing right beneath this post. Safe to say Taco Bell is probably doing more harm than good with this advertisement.
He doesn’t eat very politely and it is gross to see.
Not allowed to block them or report them as spam or anything. User can not be blocked. Shame
somebody give this man an award
I haven't seen the ad yet, only posts of people talking about it.  I guess I'm not their target audience. Seems that means I'm winning lol
[deleted]
Did this hours ago, that doofy mf had to go lol
Im just getting an error when i try but thanks anyway...
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
LOL, thank you Reddit!!
WHYYYYYY is his face the WHOLE. ENTIRE. AD?????   
ugh....

I downvoted it too for good measure.
I haven't seen this ad at all yet. I'm using adblock and old reddit, so maybe that's a solution.
Holy Fuck that ad was annoying.  I ended up reporting it for spam and blocked the account. Who wants to see him shoving food in his mouth. Fucking gross.
Ysk you can use any other reddit app to avoid the ads.

I like boost
The close up of Pete sloppily eating is an act of violence
Thanks so much for the info kind redditor!! See his stupid face eat that breakfast taco was awful
This is the quite the timely post since that ad is playing right above the post! Thanks OP
I just blocked their account but Davidsons face is still there !!!?? WTF How do I get rid of it ?!
For real tho, thank you. I don’t mind ads but for some reason this one just gets to me and it’s spammed more than any other advert I’ve seen here in 5 years.
[deleted]
Wow! It said it could not be blocked…
Didn't work for me unfortunately. This ad has finally convinced me that Taco Bell is gross and probably something I have no business eating.
Seeing that ad on my feed over and over was not making me hungry
Just came up for me that you cannot block that account
i blocked user but the ad won’t go away
FUCK TACO BELL. AND FUCK PETE
The most obnoxious ad! I’m not a Pete fan to begin with. Now I’m not a Taco Bell fan either 🤮
It won’t allow me to block, report the ad or downvote. Nothing. Now I’ve clicked it so much trying to stop it, I think I’ve just made it start popping up more. And when I open the app Pete’s eyes are staring straight at me immediately. Wtf is this bullshit ad?!
I really have nothing against Pete, but it's a matter of principle to down vote almost every ad I see on reddit. And from now on I'm going to block every ad account I see. Thanks for this.
YSK if you own a Samsung smart TV that has ads, you can block them by adding ads.samsung.com to your block list on your internet router
Have a Samsung smart TVs with ads that were annoying as hell. Found out they can be blocked and tried it. It worked!


Edit: WOW! This blew up way more than I expected. I had no idea so many people hated their “Smart TVs”. I’m glad this information was useful to everyone!

Also thank you for all the upvotes, awards and comments. Hopefully this becomes common knowledge and people can take back control of their TVs!

Edit 2: another link you can add to your block list is samsungads.com. Combined with the above link you *should* be entirely ad free.

Edit 3: So A TON of people are asking how to block ads on other TV’s/Devices. Ive compiled a few “How To’s” for LG, ROKU and Fire Stick. Hope this helps everyone struggling with these damn ads!

**LG**: To disable LG ads that appear in "My Content" tab, LG store etc. blacklist/block the following domains on your router: 

ngfts.lge.com

us.ad.lgsmartad.com

lgad.cjpowercast.com

edgesuite.net

us.info.lgsmartad.com


**Roku:** If you go into the privacy settings on your Roku TV you can turn these ads off, but it also turns off the more ways to watch feature. To turn this off go to your Settings and select Privacy. There you will find an option to “Use Information From TV Inputs.” Turning that off should disable these pop-up ads. (Not the best but its something)

**Amazon Fire Stick:**
This requires you to download an app but it will work. Go to downloader and search for (~~)&amp;amp;amp;lt;strike&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;s&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;“http://stop and.io”.——-Click “blocks ads now” and you will be taken to the download page(~~) ——Thanks to u/jtn19120 for the update! (See below)

Go to http://blokada.org via Downloader instead, scroll down, install the latest———That’s it!

Edit 4: Everyone’s router is going to be different when it comes to blocking/blacklisting domains (websites, etc) as far as i know there’s no “one size fits all scenario” BUT there’s hope.

Locate your router and flip it upside down (literally) on the bottom there should be a URL/website you use to login to your router and make changes (this is how you configure your WiFi names, create passwords, etc) within the same settings there should be a “security” tab or something along the lines (Netgear has the security tab under “Advanced”) from there you should see a block sites/block services tab. Click on the block sites tab (Netgear) and type in the domain (the ones I provided) and add them. That’s it. Let me see if i can locate the instructions for more popular routers and I’ll be back!

Edit 5: Ok I think I was able to find a “universal—ish” guide to blocking sites on your router.

1. Open your router's configuration page. If the sites you want to block aren't encrypted, you can usually block them using your router's built-in tools. To access these, open the router's configuration page in a web browser on a computer that's connected to your network. 

Common router addresses include:

Linksys - http://192.168.1.1

D-Link/Netgear - http://192.168.0.1

Belkin - http://192.168.2.1

ASUS - http://192.168.50.1/

AT&T U-verse - http://192.168.1.254

Comcast - http://10.0.0.1

**If you have a router that’s not listed, do a quick google search and you will find your router login information**

2. Enter your router's login information. If you never changed this information, enter in the default administrator account information. For many routers, this is usually "admin" or blank for the username, and "admin" or blank for the password. Check your router's documentation if you don't know the default login information. (THIS IS ALSO A GOOD TIME TO SECURE YOUR ROUTER WITH A STRONG USERNAME AND PASSWORD FYI!)

3. Find the "URL Filtering" or "Blocking" section. The location of this will vary depending on your router. You may find this in the "Firewall" menu, or in the "Security" section. (SEARCH AROUND, ITS THERE I PROMISE)

4. Add the URLs that you want to block. Enter each URL that you want to block on your connected devices. (THIS IS WHERE YOU ENTER THE ADDRESS I PROVIDED)

5. Click save and thats it!


Edit 6: 

Sony/Android TV ad removal

1- Go into Settings &amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Apps 2- Find "Android TV Core Services" 3- Roll back all updates on it (will warn you that you're rolling back to initial version... skip over that... you don't want it.) 4- Return to the Home screen and remove the Sponsored "channel" by clicking far left on the row and using the minus (-) button. 5- Return to Apps in Settings and look for "Android TV Core Services" again. 6- Force Stop it and then DISABLE it.

Edit 7: Here are more Samsung URLs to add to the block list since everyone has a different model Tv 

www.samsungotn.net

www.samsungrm.net

www.samsung.net/ads

Edit 8: OMG this is the 12th most popular post in the WORLD today on Reddit! I can’t believe that over 75k people have enjoyed this information. I am truly amazed and thankful for everyone I was able to help! This is amazing!
That's the best YSK I've seen for a while. And I don't even own a Samsung TV!
Im so sorry.

I worked for a company, now known as “inscape” which is owned by Vizio...


YSK that Vizio spies on everything you watch. Everything.

They can even take screenshots of what you see on your TV. They can ingest even netflix content and then tell if youre watching something on netflix.

They tie into other systems, such as financial demographics.

So they can run a query:

“Show me everyone in zipcode with an income of greater than $75,000 who watched SHOW and also saw COMMERCIAL at least twice, yesterday between 4pm and 6pm”
Ysk about pi hole that can block almost any ads network wide which includes phones , tv , computer etc . Just need old laptop or maybe pi https://pi-hole.net . just another tip came to mind youtube ads are the most annoying on tv's sideload smartyoutube https://smartyoutubetv.github.io/ and you will never see youtube ads in your life i almost forgot about ads :)

Edit 1 : YouTube ads can be disabled on mobile phone by installing youtube vanced visit vanced.app (there are other open source clients as well)

Edit 2 :  easier and automated installation https://github.com/pi-hole/pi-hole/blob/master/README.md . But keep in mind you still have to configure dns settings on router or maybe use pi hole dhcp(credit u/call_da_ambalampss)

Edit 3 : installing smart youtube on android tv 
Well the easy way is download apk from https://smartyoutubetv.github.io just transfer it to tv (i like to use File commander and upload my apk to google drive and then use File commander drive option) and just install the apk . It will work if you can't see it you maybe need a sideload launcher search for sideload launcher in play store

Alternative is install aptoide tv https://tv.aptoide.com (its a third party store) and then you can just use it as play store just search for smart youtube and install it
There are TVs that add ads?
Fml you saved me so many brain cells. Sometimes you get 10min ads on netflix, just because samsung is an asshole of a Company
I know this is gonna sound dumb but how do you add URLs to your block list?
if ea made a tv
Am i the only one who hasn't had Samsung TV ad problems? I see so many people complaining about it. Tv is the Q85
Why the fuck woul a smart TV have ads on its own?
don't forget these: 

    www.atdmt.com
    www.doubleclick.net
    doubleclick.net
    ad.nozonedata.com
    ads.pointroll.com
    us.ard.yahoo.com
    us.a1.yimg.com
    us.js2.yimg.com
    ad.doubleclick.net
    view.atdmt.com
    a.tribalfusion.com
    ad.ca.doubleclick.net
    ads.deviantart.com
    pagead2.googlesyndication.com
    cdn.fastclick.net
    cdn5.tribalfusion.com
    media.fastclick.net
    pixel.quantserve.com
    tribalfusion.com
    adsense.com
    adblade.com
    207.net
    247realmedia.com
    2mdn.net
    2o7.net
    33across.com
    abmr.net
    adbrite.com
    adbureau.net
    adchemy.com
    addthis.com
    addthisedge.com
    admeld.com
    admob.com
    adsonar.com
    advertising.com
    afy11.net
    aquantive.com
    atdmt.com
    atwola.com
    channelintelligence.com
    cmcore.com
    coremetrics.com
    crowdscience.com
    decdna.net
    decideinteractive.com
    doubleclick.com
    esomniture.com
    fimserve.com
    flingwebads.com
    foxnetworks.com
    googleadservices.com
    googlesyndication.com
    google-analytics.com
    gravity.com
    hitbox.com
    imiclk.com
    imrworldwide.com
    insightexpress.com
    insightexpressai.com
    intellitxt.com
    invitemedia.com
    leadback.com
    lindwd.net
    mookie1.com
    myads.com
    netconversions.com
    nexac.com
    nextaction.net
    nielsen-online.com
    offermatica.com
    omniture.com
    omtrdc.net
    pm14.com
    quantcast.com
    quantserve.com
    realmedia.com
    revsci.net
    rightmedia.com
    rmxads.com
    ru4.com
    rubiconproject.com
    samsungadhub.com
    scorecardresearch.com
    sharethis.com
    shopthetv.com
    acoda.net
    targetingmarketplace.com
    themig.com
    trendnetcloud.com
    yieldmanager.com
    yieldmanager.net
    yldmgrimg.net
    youknowbest.com
    yumenetworks.com
    ads.samsung.com
Wow this is a thing now? I'm never buying Samsung again.
Is this ad thing a country or an age thing? I bought my Samsung smart TV 3 years ago and never had any ads. Neither have I heard from anyone in my family / friends with Smart TVs, that have ads playing. I mean, I buy a full priced item and would expect, that I won't have ads, because I already paid with money.


(I live in Germany, so hopefully laws are different here?)
Better yet, don't let it connect to any network ever. Use another device such as Roku for streaming. Use it just as an HDMI display.
[deleted]
Have Samsung Smart TV. Don't have this problem?
Is there a similar domain for TCL TVs?
This is why I never connected my Samsung TV to the internet. I have a chrome cast with a better user experience than a TV remote, why the hell would I marry myself to streaming apps with ads? The apps also don’t get updated so you’re forced to buy another TV when you can’t stream Hulu or YouTube anymore.
I hate that they are adding ads to products you pay money for
The ads were a reason for me to not get one. This opens up a new opportunity thank you.
Oh wow, an actually helpful YSK that I've never heard of and hasn't been posted a million times. Great tip OP!
TIL Samsung is showing ads on a TV that you paid for
The website [ads.samsung.com](https://ads.samsung.com) doesn't seem to exist. How would blocking it change anything?
They put ads on smart TVs?
F*ck it, I'm going to buy a monitor next time and plug a set-top box into iit.
I have 2 new Samsung Tvs, i did not know they had ads.
I used PiHole pi-hole.net to filter my home network from advertising.
Very simple to set up and covers all wired and wireless devices.
If you set up a VPN server i use Wireguard, it blocks ads from our phones when we are out of the house.
To add to this - you can do this and much more via something like a [pihole](https://pi-hole.net/). There's plenty of setup guides on youtube as well, the cost is relatively low and anything that helps get rid of ads needs pushing in my book.
I guess they are using the US as a test case. Stupid as it be known, I am unaware of any extra ads in Australia.
It's always nice to see posts on Reddit and link them together
Every time someone makes a post about seeing ads on their samsung tv, someone posts this. lol
I have a samsung smart tv and I’ve never had ads anytime I’ve used it but I’ll remember this just incase! Thanks
Who the fuck decided to put ads on a smart TV?
Was it inspired by Hitler?
TVs come with built in adds now? wtf?
[deleted]
Anything that can be done for the Kindle that has ads?
Thanks for getting this upvoted to /r/all on this marketing-heavy website where Samsung almost certainly has a presence.
/r/youshouldnthavetodothat
I still get ads after doing this but the UI works a lot smoother and is way faster so I guess this is a win?
Enjoy that ability while you can, DNS over HTTPs will make this impossible.
Is there an LG equivalent? I’m not even that fussed over LG but I’d like to see it in action.
I dont have Ads on my Samsung. Which smart tv brand doesnt do this, for future reference?
The title should be, YSK you will have to watch ads even if you pay a bomb for your smart TV.
They just made ads1.samsung.com when they saw this
The better option is to route every smart/IoT device in your house though a Pi-Hole.
You deserve an Argentium award.
⠀⠀⠀  ⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀

But I can only give a poor man's gold, sorry:(
Now do TCL TV's.
YSK if you have an expensive TV with ads, it's a scam
To bad my ARRIS router from AT&T doesn't have an option to block URLS or add domain/dns filtering
YSK not all routers have this ability. Especially anything from ATT
YSK that Amazon has a serious problem with counterfeit products, and it's all because of something called "commingled inventory."
Anecdotally, the problem is getting *severe.* I used to buy all my household basics on Amazon (shampoo, toothpaste, etc), and I've gotten a very high rate of fake products over the past 2 years or so, specifically.

Most recently, I bought a bottle of shampoo that seemed really odd and gave me a pretty serious rash on my scalp. I contacted the manufacturer, and they confirmed it was a fake. Amazon will offer to give your money back if you send it back, but that's all the protection you have as a buyer.

Since I started noticing this issue, I've gotten counterfeit batteries, counterfeit shampoo, and counterfeit guitar strings, and they were *all sold by Amazon.com.* It got so bad that I completely stopped using Amazon. 

The bigger question is "what the hell is going on?" This didn't seem to be a problem, say, 5 years ago. I started looking into why this was the case, and I found a pretty clear answer: **commingled inventory.**

Basically, it works like this:

- As we know, Amazon has third-party sellers that have their products fulfilled by Amazon.
- These sellers send in their products to be stored at an Amazon warehouse
- When a buyer buys that item, Amazon will ship the products directly to buyers.

Sounds straight-forward enough, right? Here's the problem, though: **Amazon treats all items with the same SKU as identical.**

So, let's say I am a third-party seller on Amazon, and I am selling Crest Toothpaste. I send 100 tubes of Crest Toothpaste to Amazon for Amazon fulfillment, and then 100 tubes are listed by me on Amazon. The problem is that my tubes of Crest aren't entered into the system as "SolitaryEgg's Storefront Crest Toothpaste," they are just entered as "Crest Toothpaste" and thrown into a bin with *all the other crest toothpaste.* Even the main "sold by Amazon.com" stock.

You can see why this is not good. If you go and buy something from Amazon, you'll be sent a product that literally anyone could've sent in. It's basically become a big flea market with no accountability, and even Amazon themselves don't keep track of who sent in what. It doesn't matter if you buy it directly from Amazon, or a third party seller with 5 star reviews, or a third party seller with 1 star reviews.  Regardless, someone (or a robot) at the warehouse is going to go to the Crest Toothpaste bin, grab a random one, and send it to you. And it could've come *from anywhere.*

This is especially bad because it doesn't just *allow* for counterfeit items, it actively encourages it. If I'm a shady dude, I can send in a bunch of fake crest toothpaste. I get credit for those items and can sell them on Amazon. Then when someone buys it from me, my customer will *probably* get a legitimate tube that some other seller (or Amazon themselves) sent in. My fake tubes will just get lost in the mix, and if someone notices it's fake, some other poor seller will likely get the bad review/return. 

I started looking around Amazon's reviews, and almost *every product* has some % of people complaining about counterfeit products, or products where the safety seal was removed and re-added. It's not everyone of course, but it seems like some % of people get fake products pretty much across the board, from vitamins to lotions to toothpastes and everything else. Seriously, go check any household product right now and read the 1-star reviews, and I guarantee you you'll find photos of fake products, items with needle-punctures in the safety seals, etc etc. It's rampant. Now, sure, some of these people might be lying, but I doubt they all are.

In the end, this "commingled inventory" has created a pretty serious counterfeit problem on amazon, and it can actually be a *really really* serious problem if you're buying vitamins, household cleaners, personal hygiene products, etc. And there is literally nothing you can do about it, because commingled inventory also means that "sold by amazon" and seller reviews are completely meaningless.

It's surprising to me that this problem seems to get almost no attention. Here's a source that explains it pretty well:

https://blog.redpoints.com/en/amazon-commingled-inventory-management

but you can find a lot of legitimate sources online to read more about it. A lot of big newspapers have covered the issue. A few more reads:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/wadeshepard/2017/12/13/how-to-protect-your-family-from-dangerous-fakes-on-amazon-this-holiday-season/#716ea6d77cf1

https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2018/04/amazon-may-have-a-counterfeit-problem/558482/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/11/14/how-amazons-quest-more-cheaper-products-has-resulted-flea-market-fakes/

EDIT: And, no, I'm not an anti-Amazon shill. No, I don't work for Amazon's competitors (do they even have competitors anymore?). I'm just a person who got a bunch of fake stuff on Amazon, got a scalp rash from counterfeit shampoo, then went down an internet rabbit hole.
I actually have a great story about this. 

Everyone knows cyanide and happiness? They make comics, many of which turn into memes around here, (shout out "Cyanide & Happiness (Explosm.net)" http://explosm.net).

Anyway, they have a card game like cards against humanity that you finish the comic with your card. It's called Joking Hazard. My brother bought it online from amazon.ca. we got it and played a few times. Great game!

I month later, we went to a comic expo and they were there doing autographs and the like. They are pretty great, and one of the things they were doing creating new cards. Every box comes with a few blank cards that you can draw your own, they would take it and draw something on the spot. 

Well we got there and give the box to the artist (Rob I think?). He asked where we got it, cause they were selling them there at the booth. When we said Amazon.ca, he took the box and one of his own. Cards were twice as think in the other box and the picture was just basically a sticker on cardboard instead of their beautiful laminate box. 

He asked us to exchange it with one of their boxes as evidence. I guess they were having all kinds of issues getting it removed from the Canada Amazon store, saying they don't have enough evidence and stuff. We got a brand new box and a fancy card drawn up!

So yeah, buy direct wherever you can. You will have so many artists and creators thankful to you for it.

Edit: got a picture of the card http://imgur.com/a/ElwcNPJ

Edit 2: Explosm comment below! https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/ifytxk/ysk_that_amazon_has_a_serious_problem_with/g2tfkpa
You want to know what's even fucking crazier? Counterfeiters also use Amazon's anti-counterfeiting measures against them.

Basically if you suspect that listings under a particular product are fake, you can submit a complaint with minimal evidence to be reviewed by an "investigator" who then has to make a judgement call as to whether the products are legit or not. Under normal circumstances this would be difficult, but not impossible, so long as the investigator actually took the time to review the case. Unfortunately Amazon runs this shit like a call-center so they've got about 5 minutes to review a case before making a decision and moving onto the next one.

Obviously this has led to literally *thousands* of false complaints against legitimate products from actual counterfeiters pretending to be lawyers, authorized sellers, and even representatives of big name brands. Because counterfeiters don't just submit one complaint, they'll send a hundred. Ninety-nine will be denied, but all it takes is one to be approved and all the legit listings are all pulled from the marketplace. Then this whole rigmarole starts where the legitimate sellers have to appeal the removal of their products, which can take hours to be resolved. Meanwhile the only available seller on the listing is selling their counterfeit inventory.

So after a few hours, Amazon realizes it's mistake, reinstates the listings which were removed, shuts down the counterfeit account, and that's the end right?

Wrong, the counterfeiter just spins up their next account (they have literally hundreds of thousands of aged accounts which they created back when Amazons account creation process was much less thorough) and repeat it all almost immediately.

The biggest products which were counterfeited were nutraceuticals, essential oils, and various beauty products such as make-up and shampoo.

It should also be noted that [counterfeit pills have led to several drug overdoses](https://themarkup.org/banned-bounty/2020/06/18/how-we-investigated-banned-items-on-amazon-com).


Edit: Admittedly my info might be a year or two old, and u/silentlee2 has graciously pointed out that the aforementioned *investigators* are currently called *ISS Reps.* 

Sadly, however, they are still required to meet daily quotas.
A few years ago I got a SamSNUG battery for my Galaxy 5 .
WOW, this was so eye-opening! Thanks for this post!  🏆
The good news is this hopefully will be changing soon. Amazon just lost a case that says they are responsible for damages caused by counterfeit products. As of now its just in California, but that's a giant market with huge influence over corporations. 

https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/13/amazon-can-be-held-liable-for-faulty-goods-court-rules.html
Also, is it just me or is nearly everything else a Chinese knock off with a weird all-caps brand name like RIZPOP or DANZOO?  Sometimes it feels like if I wanted to buy a flashlight, I'd have to scroll through 100 pages of this stuff before I found a Maglite.
I just purchased a hair product on Amazon and saw a review saying not to buy the product because the label is listed in Spanish and it’s not the same product. I ordered the item anyway because most of the reviews were fine and I assumed the bad review just have been a fluke, but it sounds like commingled inventory might be to blame! 

I’ve seen comments like the ones you mentioned semi often, but I never realized that they could be connected. 

Thanks for explaining!
It's got to the point now where I use Amazon to look for products I want, and then separately see if I can order those products directly from the maker or from some other store I trust more, like a local hardware store or something.
This is probably the most important YSK that I’ve read. Thank you for your research!
[deleted]
This is why I don't order anything that I would care about a health/safety seal on from Amazon.  

It's turning into a crapshoot.
this is a very serious issue and i can’t believe they’ve not done anything about it yet. i wonder how many people have been/will be harmed as. consequence of this. 
it just takes one person with an allergy for this to lead to fatalities
Sounds like they’re just creating a perfect opportunity for another Excedrin/Tylenol murder situation. Anyone could tamper with a common OTC medication or vitamin, seal them back up, and send them to amazon to get lost in the mix. Or even a lotion with something that could cause burns. That sounds like a huge safety issue.
I bought a large order of Gillette blades. For some reason, I kept shaving the tip of my chin off. Looked like I’d been dragged chin down. I tried shaving lighter and lighter to avoid the chin burns, but it kept happening. Found an old 4 pack of the same razors in my drawer, tried one of them, no problem. Looked closely at the packaging, there were words in French and a couple words spelled incorrectly in English mixed in. I threw them out, no chin problems since. Wish I kept the packaging. Looked like the real deal though for sure. 

I walked around with pizza chin for months before figuring out it was those bunk ass razors.
This could be dangerous for people who rely on amazon for everything, especially during this pandemic. 

Kudos to you for raising awareness!
It took me like 12 paragraphs to realize that word is "co-mingled." I kept thinking, "what the heck is comming led?"

Edit: just thought I should go ahead and add that "commingled" is the correct spelling. It's just one of those odd words I'd not previously heard or seen used.
They also have a tonne of fake reviews.  They'll have an item that had lots of good reviews, then somehow change the item but the reviews stay. So you'll see 4.7/5 stars for a watch, but all the reviews are about a plastic hair clip.
A few years ago Birkenstock stopped selling their sandals on Amazon entirely because of rampant counterfeits coming from their warehouse and Amazon not doing shit about it. Fuck Amazon.
Amazon is liable for products sold by amazon.com, no? You’d think lawsuits would help. There was also a very recent ruling that they are even liable for “marketplace” products, though they are appealing: https://www.theverge.com/2020/8/13/21367966/amazon-liable-defective-products-california-marketplace-third-party
I had my vitamins as a subscribe and save until I started getting a bunch that looked legit but were clearly very old or stored very improperly. Maybe they weren't legit at all but either way, I'm not surprised to read this. Amazon's basically a digital Dollar General now.
Sure this will get lost in the comments but wanted to mention this. My friend called me yesterday asking if I wanted to go eat after work. He picks me up and hands me Amazon bag. I open it and it’s Adidas ultra boost. Damn my friend just got me a new pair of shoes. So I get home I try them on and I’m looking them over and I notice all these little details like the sole has glue all over it. The color is a bit off. The insoles look different. I do a bit of research and sure enough my friend ordered me shoes he thought was a good deal but In actuality they were fake. He was so happy and it was such a great thing he did for me so I don’t even care. I’ll wear them either way honestly but it sucks that there out here scamming people and getting away with it.
Amazon is pushing Congress for legal protection from lawsuits related to bogus defective products sold thru Amazon.
Fake products on Amazon is becoming big business in China. There are actual schools teaching sellers how to brush and how to push products onto the market.
A few corrections...

Amazon does (for about the last 4-5 years) know which Seller sent in each unit of inventory, even when the inventory is commingled. So when you receive a counterfeit item and report it, they know which Seller it came from and they can quarantine that Seller’s inventory while they investigate. 

Sellers have the ability to opt out of commingled inventory. If you ever get an item with an X00... sticker on it, that was non-commingled inventory. 

Amazon doesn’t currently commingle retail inventory with 3P Seller inventory. They do this to avoid accidentally selling counterfeit items under the Amazon name. 

All that said, counterfeit is a huge problem that Amazon actually cares about dealing with because they know it’s undermining the value of their platform. 

Source: I was an engineer at Amazon (specifically in FBA) from 2014 until about 6 months ago.
As someone who works for a third party seller, thought you may be interested what the potential solutions and annoyances are with this issue as well (and you’re right it is a MASSIVE problem).

1. Amazon will ding you as the seller for “selling a counterfeit product” even though it was their mistake for even accepting and receiving counterfeit product in their warehouse. So we have to work twice as hard as an honest seller to prove to amazon we sell legitimate product, and yet somehow all the counterfeiters are just running multiple storefronts to mask their activities. 

2. There are two ways to help counteract this - one, you can pay Amazon a steep fee per unit to put a unique seller sticker on every unit you sell (if you ever order an item from amazon and there’s a sticker with a code that begins with an “X,” then congrats you actually bought the inventory that seller submitted). Or two - you can also pay amazon another hefty fee to join their “Transparency” program, which is where you pay amazon per sticker for a unique barcode for your product (this is the QR code that comes on products you order from Amazon). This is an expensive program and these stickers have to be put on EVERYTHING that comes out of a brand’s factory. It’s crazy. 

I guess my point is Amazon is doing everything they can to push the responsibility of counterfeit sellers on to the shoulders of third party sellers in the way of added fees for ensuring the inventory is correct instead of taking the extra couple minutes to train their warehouse employees to actually look at a product before scanning it in.

As a parting note, even though commingled inventory is a thing, always do your research on a seller before buying! :)
As a consumer who mostly uses Amazon for day-to-day purchases, this has been infuriating. I’ve bought fake body wash, fake deodorant, and even fake toothpaste.  All of the labels were very nearly the same, but the product was obviously not the same.  Watery, ineffective, and clearly a cheap knock off product.  If you use the same body wash for 10 years it’s easy to notice a fake.

The worst part is that whenever I leave a review that uses the words ‘counterfeit’ or ‘fake’ my reviews get taken down.  I assume the seller reports them.  I’ve found sellers who sell the real products, but you have to search them out.
Thats how Alibaba is as well.  I usually look on Amazon or Alibaba and then go to the manufacturerers website to buy.
This explains so, so much. There's always one review on things I buy that seem to just be about a different product altogether. Sometimes I buy something and just cross my fingers that I don't get the shitty knockoff with stitching falling apart and bright green material instead of light yellow.
I bought a sulfate free anti thinning shampoo for THIRTY effing dollars and it literally makes my hair come out in chunks. It was making me sick to see how much hair I was losing. I assumed I am allergic to the shampoo.... but now I'm wondering if it was counterfeit? How do you find out if it is counterfeit?
This is why you should *NEVER* buy sex toys off of Amazon. If you're in a large city there's always a progressive sex toy shop like pleasure chest if you want to shop local, and if you're rural you can shop online at websites like shevibe.  You *don't* want a burning sensation on your genitals that you didn't ask for.
I have LOVED the convenience of Amazon, but I need to start using alternatives. I actually just received a counterfeit of a product I really wouldn't have expected. It is a totally niche product that the general public doesn't even really know about. It's a riser pad to aid saddle fit on my horse. I ordered this pad a few years ago from Amazon, but it naturally breaks down over time. I went to the exact same link and reordered the other week. What I got has no logo, isn't the same material, and isn't all one molded piece like the original. I'll be repurchasing from an actual tack store even if I pay a couple dollars more. I'm not putting some questionable pad on my horse's back that could cause huge damage!
Damn, I've been buying baby formula through Amazon. Guess it's back to Target.
Behind every great fortune there is a great crime.....
This has been my experience as well. I don’t always scrutinize every item I purchase from Amazon, but I do when it’s something I have reason to suspect could be easy and lucrative to counterfeit. In those cases, I’d say about 50% have been counterfeits. Usually, I just go through the process and get my refund. 

However, sometimes I chose to have another sent of its something I really want/need and I can’t get it elsewhere. When I have another sent, the next one is also counterfeit at least 50% of the time. 

I am in Europe and Amazon here is way more flooded with obvious cheap Chinese knockoffs. Often, there isn’t even a “real” version for sale, just 50 choices that are all actually made in the same knock-off factory with a different English-sounding (if you don’t speak English) brand name.
I've noticed this as well with hair dye and makeup specifically. I no longer purchase products that have a liquid/powder form. I assume things like their masks and sanitizers pose health risks and don't purchase them even when i need them. I just use it for products that can't really be faked (without me noticing*) or cause harm, like books and toys.
Pretty sure i had counterfeit whey protein powder from Amazon, it was just so different in consistency to when i bought it direct from the brand. I've stopped using them completely since.
I bought an Otterbox that was sold by "Amazon LLC" seller details. It was so obviously fake, and super expensive. It took several days for my bad review to show up.
I don't buy essential things on Amazon anymore. I don't want to get duped with fake diapers or dog food. I can live with a knock off can opener, but don't fuck with my dogs or kids.

Target has been getting A LOT more of my business because of the fakes on Amazon.
Funny this was brought up... my niece mentioned 2 days ago she received some face wash from amazon and said it was fake and was sending it back... I'd never really heard of the fake thing before then..
[deleted]
This isn't the crazy part to me. 

What's crazy is Amazon is not the cheaper option anymore. 

I used to buy a type of shirt from Amazon that cost $15 but one day I search the name on Google and found I could buy the same shirt for $7. Now I check Google before I buy anything just to make sure I'm getting the best deal. I'm finding better deals on the actual store's websites than on Amazon nowadays.
this will be ending since amazon just got their ass handed to them in court saying they are responsible for counterfeit products because of this policy.
This has happened to me too many times. I now try and buy the product directly from the manufacturer. If I can not do that, I buy from a large store like a Best-Buy that has free shipping, and as a last resort, I buy from Amazon.
This is why my family does not buy higeine products from amazon.  Only tangeable, non-kosher things.  Like a bath towel, or buckets lol.
I bought a popular knife sharpener and an unbranded knock off was delivered.  I was able to exchange it and shipping was free and I'm pretty sure I have the real thing now..  But I left a review and mentioned the fake one and it was rejected
I had to buy 5 keyboards from amazon for this reason. All cheapy and fucked up. Even brand name ones are getting broken down and repackaged and knocked off. 

This is what’s driving me to swear off Amazon. They need to get this right or they eventually will fail.
Thank you for mentioning this. It's been a huge problem for years now, and Amazon will not address it.
It's probably going to take something like the Tylenol murders from the 1980s before anything changes. (If it changes.)
Podcast Episode 124 of "reply all" does a fantastic story all about this. Episode is named "the magic store".
I like how everyone says, “Don’t buy from Amazon.”  

The problem is that, through price wars, sometimes the *only* place you can currently find an item is on Amazon.  Sometimes it’s something you can replace with another item, like a favorite toothpaste, sometimes it’s something that is needed, and your only choice is a crapshoot at Amazon.  

I’m really grateful that you fell down that internet rabbit hole.  Your post is clear, concise and a bit scary.  

Now what do we do about it?!?
This is an important post! Thanks for the write up
If you're not already, just stop buying from Amazon for so many reasons.
Amazon doesn't care at all about problematic merchandise at any point in their part of a transaction with a vendor, either. When they import "Crest" toothpaste from China to disperse across their warehouses in the US, their consignee will be a distribution house with no contact information, and their shipper will be a global trade corporation that's impossible to find - it's like 95% of Amazon companies are shell corporations. Without knowing true manufacturers and ingredients - instead having to assume it based on what's listed as the ingredients in actual Crest (though there's obviously no way it's the same) - we're left with bad merchandise being sold at similar prices to the real kind. Though the fake one is almost certainly just mostly plastic (all our recycled plastic had to go somewhere, right?). *And* it's nearly impossible to trace since there are so many of those companies that only exist on Amazon. Amazon's a more expensive version of Wish, but with more middlemen. As soon as I learned all their practices and how evil they are, I canceled my Prime and will never get it again. Thanks to literally everyone else now also offering online ordering, I haven't missed it at all.
I learned the hard way to buy high end cosmetics and skin/hair products directly from the manufacturer, a licensed salon or Sephora.  Several fake bottles of Olaplex later....it’s worth paying full price (and really, <$10 more) for the peace of mind.
i bought cerave cream tub from an e-commerce shop here in my country and i had a fight with the seller bc the product she sent me was fake but she's claiming that its not fake bc she bought it from amazon... lol now i understand
[deleted]
Shop local.
I just feel the overall quality of options has gone to shit as well. About 30 brands making the same thing. 

And they no longer sell a ton of small necessities. Wasn’t profitable for them to ship stuff that didn’t weigh enough or was valuable enough.
This explains a few issues I have been having with Amazon.
Oooh I wonder if this is what happened with the cat litter I get. I stopped buying it from amazon because every time I got it, the box would be identical but the actual litter would look different. Every. Single. Time.
PSA: they sell counterfeit First Response Early Result pregnancy tests. As you might imagine the consequences can be devastating
Reminds me of that YouTuber who ordered an expensive camera and ended up receiving a brick inside the box the camera should be in.

He then contacted Amazon who offered to send a replacement, and after a few more weeks ended up receiving ANOTHER brick.

Can't remember the name of the guy, but it's up on YouTube somewhere.
Anybody else want a class action suit?
I always hated how chinese stuff would somehow be the top result even when a bunch of the reviews say the product stops working after a month
I bought a big bottle of Kirkland brand acetaminophen from Amazon last year that I now suspect was counterfeit. For the year it took me to use up the medicine I thought my headaches had just become resistant to pain meds. Then recently I bought some from the pharmacy and actually feel a difference. That’s so scary to me.
When it comes to cosmetics, never buy on amazon “because amazon has it cheaper.”  It’s cheaper because it’s very likely a counterfeit product.  Or, you’ll read the reviews of the product and you’ll get a mix of people saying it’s the real stuff, versus the fake shit.  

For example, “Brazilian bum bum cream.”  It’s $50 if you buy directly from Sol de janeiro cosmetics, and very popular stuff.  You can get it cheaper on amazon - and the reviews show that some people liked it, and some people say it’s fake (with side by side comparisons)

When it comes to higher end makeup, lotions, perfumes  directly from the company, or from Sephora/ulta, etc., but never from amazon
This was pretty big problem with tech, especially older peripherals or accessories. Still is an issue. Reviews are all over the place as a product ages that range from "counterfeit product" to "new version sucks, where do I get the old one?"

And good luck once you get banned from Amazon for too many returns. It's nearly impossible and any products you relied upon through Amazon well... you are up a creek.
Probably gonna get lost in the fray, but I got a deal on an old otter box for my iPhone 6s. Figured it’s an old phone so maybe someone’s just trying to dump inventory. Case broke after 1 or 2 drops. Definitely not the quality of my other otter boxes. 

That’s what got me looking into this and I decided to stop using amazon almost entirely. I’m back to mostly using eBay for my odds and ends purchases. It’s often cheaper, almost always has free shipping, whereas amazon you need prime for that or to make large orders. And at least if you get burned you know to stop using that seller. Amazon has turned into a hull of its former glorious self.
I noticed this with water filters.  Ones from Amazon started leeching charcoal or something that blackened the water after about a week.  Never again.  I only use Amazon for items I can't get locally and that won't be going in my body.
Surely Amazon is liable for this? It sounds like a class action lawsuit in the making.

Would it really be so hard to keep track of your inventory? This feels seriously sloppy.
Oh definitely. There’s a huge issue with this. I’ve stopped buying a lot of stuff on Amazon because the quality is terrible or fake. I either go to the store something I need or order it online from that store. It used to be you were getting a a little bit of a better price and it came directly to your door. It’s not the same.
100% hate the commingled inventory and Do not recall it always being that way. I have recently switched back to eBay where you know exactly which vendor your stuff is coming from. Even Walmart segregates. I feel amazon has made a mistake with sharing sku’s
[deleted]
Fuck Bezos
Thank you for this. Haven’t used Amazon in like 3 years, but this adds up to the list of reasons I will never again buy anything from Bezos
At the beginning of the pandemic whatever I purchased I bought it directly from the brand/official site to support smaller businesses too, also there's tons of coupons online! I'm trying to avoid Amazon at all costs!
I didn’t know about this but I was listening to a YouTuber podcast (Julien solomita if any one cares / is curious) and he mentioned that he ordered an induction cook top for $150 or so and got one that was a completely different brand and was sold for half the price of the original one. I’m sure this must have been why! Crazy, I never would have known. Thanks for posting about it.
Flea market is the perfect way to describe it.
Every SD card I've ever bought from Amazon has been counterfeit and formatted in a way to appear bigger.
I’ve seen this for years. Blows my mind
I’ve noticed a lot of reviews for household products like shampoo where people claimed they got fake products. If I saw a review like that, I would always avoid buying it because I’m just a skeptical person and I don’t like being scammed. I’m glad to now know the reason behind this. And I will continue to buy my vitamins and shampoo and other things like that somewhere other than Amazon. Thanks for posting this!
This happened to me too and I'm screwed.

My poor BF bought a large bottle of Caroline Herrera  Good Girl perfume for like $80 for me for mothers day.

It's counterfeit, smells like shit, and I don't have the heart to tell him.

He keeps asking why I'm not wearing it. :(
I wish amazon would stop allowing 3rd party selling, it’s become a 3rd world flea market.
Probably get lost here but I once received a package covered in blood. It was absolutely blood soaked. Put gloves on, took some pictures and chatted Amazon. The agent explicitly said "yep, that looks like blood". I complained about how wrong this is that one of their delivery drivers exposed me to whatever blood borne diseases they may have. Agent said best they could do was give me my money back (it was a $8 cat brush). Still not satisfied that I got a package COVERED IN BLOOD, I asked for supervisor. Supervisor gave me a $10 amazon credit yet said " we aren't responsible for third party orders" despite it being delivered by an amazon van. Fuck amazon.
[deleted]
I actually like Amazon (for its convenience) but I would never order food or body products because they clearly have shady suppliers. But for a lot of everyday items (eg USB cables, extension cords) I don’t really care who makes it as long as it works.
I ran into this when i started getting in to rubiks cube puzzles. There is a large selection of puzzles on amazon, problem is they are mostly fraudulent. There was no way to know if I was getting the puzzle i actually wanted to get as they made up names for them instead of using the manufacturers brand. For some background, the good cubes are made in china by specific makers and they produce named lines of products. The amazon resellers buy these in bulk, rename them to something that they make up, then sell them at higher price than the original puzzle. It's also typical for the to sell older version of the puzzle as if it was a new release. 

A cubing dealership made an excellent Youtube expose of this. After that I doubt every purchase I make from Amazon.
This post might save somebody's life.  Thanks for going down the rabbit hole and sharing.
And now they refuse to uphold their A to Z guarantee. 

Amazon is refusing to have accountability for their platform and the products they peddle.
Yet another reason why you shouldn’t shop on amazon. Seriously, I shouldn’t have to give you any more reasons other than how amazon treats its employees, but this is one item in a loooooong list of reasons pointing to amazon being one of the most nefarious, uncaring, profit-driven companies on earth. I now only use amazon for two things: the prime streaming service, and to find third-party companies that I then redirect to in order to support smaller businesses that are oftentimes making significantly less than they would otherwise by selling through amazon
so how much has to go wrong with Amazon, how much money does Jeff Bezos have to hoard, or how much abuse do Amazon employees have to endure before people stop fucking using it?
My rule is anything that goes in my body I won't buy on Amazon. 

I've been trying to tone down my Amazon purchases in general as well, but that can be tough during a pandemic.
This terrifies me. It reminds me of the Tylenol murders and, honestly, I can possibly see this ending the same way if Amazon keeps it up.
Thank you so much for this post!!! I am going to inform my family who regularly buys household items from Amazon ASAP!!
Seriously. Why would Amazon do this but greed? This is absolutely a terrible practice.... For everyone but their own bottom line. Wow.
I recently started shopping for a different diaper brand and thought the counterfeit diaper reviews were crazy people. But, this explains a lot now.
They also sell a ton of fake optics (rifle scopes, binoculars, range finders, etc)
This was the push I needed to finally cancel my amazon prime. Thanks!
This is why Amazon came out with their own bar codes that track to the individual seller. They are called FNSKUs. 

The entire category of grocery and beauty require them. anything that is topical or consumable must have its own Amazon barcode. The home category doesn't require this at all however. And that's where the problem starts.

Most sellers these days are they're only distributor and do not have to worry about this problem. Household brands on the other hand have this problem because they have a wide distribution network.

Brand owners despise the counterfeits obviously but do very little to police it. Because it's hard work.

Amazon made a transparency program but it's a lot of work on brand owners.

Making matters worse is the fact that China is now going direct to consumer on amazon.com. And they are more likely to cut corners and cheat and not follow the rules.

Source: I own www.myamazonguy.com a 30 person Amazon agency.
I buy very expensive food for my dog. But it’s also hard to find. I’m positive I have a counterfeit bag right now. My dog is really sick. I stopped feeding her the food a couple of days ago and she’s better. It’s definitely The Fucking food.
I wish there was an option to filter out Chinese products
>Here's a source that explains it pretty well:

...after explaining it ***incredibly*** well. 

Good job, OP. If a moron like me can understand it, you dun good.
That’s why I stopped using them. They’ve sold me a fake Sony product  twice.
I stopped buying stuff from Amazon  awhile back...its all fake,old,watered down
I have gotten what I thought were seconds.  I thought that companies would put out the good ones, get good reviews, the start sending out the bad ones.  But what you have described fits the situation perfectly.  Explains a lot.

Now, I only buy from Amazon, if I'm desperate. And then I ALWAYS read 1 star reviews. You will learn the crap that gets sent out.

My friends think I'm crazy for not being in love with Amazon.  Appreciate the affirmation.
Board games have been having this issue for a while now, it's terrible.
Imagine how many people wear fake airpods and don’t know it
There's a whole sub culture of 'passive income gurus' on Youtube who tout buying bulk products from Dollar Store type setups or Ali Express or whatever shady source they can find and flipping them to FBA.  This explains why it works.  So I guess I need to start figuring out how to manufacture fake toothpaste so I can drown myself in lambos and dom.
Amazon has recently put profit over customer satisfaction. They are more focused on technology than the actual product selection. I spent 2 hours trying to find an authentic wireless earphone on the site. There was just so much garbage mixed in with the good stuff. I would saved time just going to Best Buy. I miss the Amazon of 2014.
Not only this but their reviews are completely busted. I got a physical mailing that offered straight up $10 in amazon gift cards for giving a 5 star review. I called amazon and they said they didn’t know how to handle it so i posted my honest review of the product and then also attached pictures warning people that this company was offering to BUY reviews. My account had the review pulled for “violating their community guidelines”

Seriously fuck amazon.
I have noticed a significant overall decline in the platform over the past couple years. Not even counterfeit products - just a bad interface that overloads you with sponsored posts (that don't make it obvious they're sponsored) and things you didn't even search for. It's so bad I've started using eBay instead.
This is one of the main reasons the company I work for actively seeks out unauthorized 3rd party sellers of our product on Amazon.  We had an issue last year where someone had sent in a bunch of older product that was past its shelf life. We ended up buying all existing stock of that SKU on Amazon to make sure people weren't getting bad product - both because we stand behind our product, and to protect the rating on the listing.
I'm going to stop buying from Amazon completely. I'm tired of their counterfeit, tax avoiding bullshit.
Ditching  Amazon is like ditching Facebook get rid of all the drama at once
Cosmetologist have been screaming diversion as customers for years!! Please please please!! Buy your products directly from us or ulta!! Look into what ulta did for their employees during Covid!! I don’t work for them but that is the only place I will buy my makeup now and usually did before. They are an amazing company. All companies make mistakes, but amazon does not care about you at all!! They gave you that rash!! And all they said was want a refund? Yeah assholes!! Beauty products can only be guaranteed when sold by a licensed seller like a licensed cosmetologist IE me, or from somewhere like ULTA!!! It says so right on the bottle (and yes I’ve seen even the fake ones with misprinted words! It’s scary! You could have doctors bills and temporary balding from those fake products!!)

We beauty professionals are not doctors, but we did go to a technical school for two years or more in some cases to obtain our beauty degrees. Thank you for this post!! Buy local and from professionals!!! It not only gives our income a boost, slightly, yes, but it PROTECTS you! And we can sell you the RIGHT products for YOUR hair needs!! 

We don’t want anyone going to the doctors or getting rashes. We want you to be more beautiful....
I thought I'd noticed amazon turning into Wish. Thanks for the confirmation. What are we gonna do about it, though, when it's a massive monopoly? Realistically, people aren't going to stop shopping on Amazon. They have us by the balls until there is massive structural change that results in quality of life for normal people mattering more than profits for a a handful of rich ghouls.
I bought a Samsung Galaxy S9 on Amazon, sold by Amazon, and started having issues with it after about a year. I contacted Samsung and gave them the IMEI, and was then informed it was created in MALAYSIA and to then talk to Samsung Malaysia about it. So I did, and was informed by Samsung Malaysia that the phone should never have been sold outside of Malaysia, thus invalidating any kind of customer service, warranty, or help. I contacted several Amazon customer service reps and finally made such a huge deal out of the fact that a product sold by Amazon was sold outside of it's allowed territory of sale that they gave me the money back. This was insane to me that they could even do that and I will never buy a phone through Amazon again.
r/antiamazon boycott it and shop independently.
YSK that Sikh temples can provide a free meal, a safe place, or a temporary shelter if your ever need it. Anyone can visit the temple irrespective of their native language, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. Above all, they will never try to convert you.

Why YSK: If you ever need any of these things, just look for  the nearest Sikh temple. While you’re there, please respect their culture and cover your hair while you’re in the prayer hall or in “langar” hall. A langar hall is where the food is served. If you like you can also volunteer to help in the kitchen and elsewhere.
I'm a truck driver, and I see Sikh drivers all the time. I always wondered if there is a respectful Sikh greeting I could say to them when I see them. So far, "Good morning" or just "Hello" is working well.
Having meal (langar) at the Gurudwara represents equality. Rich or poor, different faiths, all sit at the same level, all eat the same meal. More info link here. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langar_(Sikhism)
Funny story. My wife and I used to visit the Sikh temple across the street for dinners. Naturally they were amazing people and never tried to convert, BUT a white American who had converted to sikhism gave us a hard time for "mooching" off of Sikh hospitality without sitting through a three hour prayer session like he did  Even though it was the leader of the temple who told us just come just for dinner and skip the chanting. 

Go figure.
And the food in the langar hall is A-MA-ZING.
I'm a white, American male and spent a week at the Golden Temple alone when I was in college. Absolutely one of my favorite memories.

I captain a bhangra team, so many of my friends are Sikh, and I frequent Gurdwara. It's a wonderful place.
Also, if you do visit a Sikh temple (we call it a Gurudwara which may make it easier to search on maps/apps) please cover your head with our hair dressing/bandana for lack of a better word. Also, please take off your shoes/sandals/footwear when entering the temple. Most of them have designated areas for your shoes right by the entrance but if not, just look for the area where you see a bunch of shoes. Socks are fine to keep on. Thank you!

Edit: thank you for the awards, much appreciated! And whoever gave me the gold, you are the real MVP. But seriously, the awards are cool and stuff haha.

Head coverings are provided by the Gurdwara, generally kept near the entrance or by where everyone puts their shoes. If you can't find it, just ask! Any kind of head covering works but must cover the entire head even if you are bald. Generally, I tell people caps/hats are okay but the traditional head covering or even a beanie works better as some people might see the hat as disrespectful.

Edit2: Generally, Sikh men are supposed to wear turbans but those with cut hair wear the head covering as an act of respect towards the religion. Women can wear the head covering but traditionally are supposed to wear a veil/dupatta with the tradional Indian dress that every Sikh women wore back then. Wearing a head covering is a sign of respect towards the Guru Granth which is our holy scripture and the head covering is used to symbolize an act of obedience/respect, for lack of a better word, towards the religion.
Oh, oh, I have a story I want to share!

We have a Sikh temple in our town, and every year on the International day of peace, they hold an "open house" type of thing.  I dunno if all the temples do it, or just our local one, but I love to go.  The woman have an open closet type thing where you can go and they'll let you pick out an outfit and they cook a giant feast for the community and they'll have a cermony type thing where they invite different religions to put on a talent show type thing.  It's amazing, and I love going every year.

Anyway, a couple years back, I went, and my youngest son was only a couple months old and was still being breastfed.  So partway through, he starts rooting around for a boob, and  I knew that they had a thing about your head being covered so I didn't didn't want to be disrespectful and whip out a boob to feed my son, but you know, he was a baby, and he needed to eat.  So, I went to ask if there was anywhere I could feed my son in private.  The gentleman I asked had a difficult time understanding me at first, and seemed confused, but then he was like "ah!  The boy must eat!" and he led me to the temple and ushered me in.  At first I thought he misunderstood, and explained again, I'm about to pull out a boob and feed my son, is that okay?  "Yes, yes!", he says, "one moment!" And as he backed away he pats his head and tells me "remember, head covered always!" He closes the door behind him, and there I am, alone in the temple with the prayers intoning around me.  I was super unsure, but, babies gotta eat, so I shrug to myself, and sit down to feed him. Just as I sit down, the door opens, and maybe 7 or 8 woman walk in.  They smile and nod at me delightedly, like I'm a long lost sister or something, and come over and sit down arrange themselves around me in a sorta comfy circle and smile happily at each other and me.  Everyone sits there nodding and smiling and occasionally reaching out to pet my son gently until he finishes eating.  Then they smile and pat me and wait for me to cover myself up and lead me back out the door.  When I step out the door, I see the original gentleman has been standing guard there.  He sees me, and gives me a huge smile, pets my son gently and says '"yes yes, good boy, very strong!" and then waves as he walks back to where he was helping at a table.

It is hands down, one of my favorite moments breastfeeding my son.

Edit:. Omg, thanks for all the support and kinds words, you guys are awesome!  I woke up and my highest rated comment is now about me breastfeeding my son in a Sikh temple....I'm okay with this!

Just to clarify a couple things, I had no issue with feeding my son, I just didn't want to be disrespectful, that's why I asked if there was somewhere I should go.  I wasn't sure if a culture that wanted me to keep my head covered was going to be okay with me pulling out my boob and I didn't want to cause any offense, especially seeing as they were being so kind as to open up their temple to the general public and feed us lunch and everything.  I was just trying to be respectful of whatever their level of comfort would be.  

Second, I do believe the woman were sent in my the gentleman in charge to keep me company and make sure I was comfortable, which was so so nice of him.  It was like I suddenly had a whole group of aunt's and grandma's protecting me and they were seriously so delighted everytime my son grunted and it was super cute. 

Finally, all you mama's telling me your stories, you're awesome!  And everyone wondering if you're doing okay, you're doing amazing!  I'm super pro babies being fed in general, and you're all beautiful mama's doing a great job!  Keep on keeping on, loving and feeding your babies!
They make the same food my mom makes but like 40x better
I recently moved and saw that there was a huge and beautiful sikh temple a couple minutes away, I intend to visit not for the free food, but to learn more about Sikh culture, enjoy the breathtaking architecture, and get to know my neighbourhood. I can't wait!
My boyfriend is Sikh and he’s always telling me we should go visit temple. We unfortunately don’t live super close to one but I’d definitely love to go (he also says the free meal is great).
Visited a Sikh temple in high school for a project. Can attest to this. They are good people and very generous.
[deleted]
Sikh temples out here bringing society together is really what we need in these trying times.
I wonder how the temporary shelter part works? I've been homeless before and had to rough it on the streets; I wonder if I could have stayed for at least a night at a Sikh temple.
This is by far one the most useful things I’ve ever learned, and one of the most beautiful things. Thank you.
Did not know this. Very cool. How can I spot a Sikh temple (i.e. do they have a special name like mosque or synagogue)? Or will it mention it in the name? Sorry if this is a goofy question.
Sikhs are the most truly kind and generous religious people I know.
This needs to be more widely known. A friend of mine was once being followed walking home at night, and the Sikh temple that she took shelter in may have saved her from assault or worse. Honestly, Sikhs are some of the nicest and most respectful people I've ever met, and above all, of you ever need to go somewhere safe and warm, **they do not care who you are**. As long as you're respectful of the rules (covering your head/hair and taking off your shoes), you are welcome **no matter what your race, religion, sexual orientation, gender, etc. are**.

Please tell your friends and family about this.

It could save their lives.
I went to a Sikh temple in New Delhi on a grad school trip a few years ago. When we walked through the hall where they were preparing food, they told us we were welcome to help for as little or as long as we want to. It was a huge room with people sitting pretzel-style making bread. We were all shocked since volunteering in the US usually requires advanced sign-up, training, etc. But no, we could just sit down and make bread with them, with zero training or background or anything. And we did so. We were honestly terrible at forming the bread but everyone helped us and we laughed and shared the joy of helping together. It was one of the most moving experiences of my life.
Told my mother this and her first reaction was "wow so everyone can go there and mooch off them? Talk about making people never work again!" 🙄 boomers.
Reason number 106 why my agnostic Jewish ass thinks Sikhs are some of the best people out there
Any insights on what they’re doing with covid mandates? I imagine if everyone masks up you can still work through the logistics, but it’s probably pretty inconvenient.
that's nice to know.
I went to a gurudwara a while ago, and the people there are incredibly kind. They just do so much good for the community and will always help you out regardless of who you are or what you believe in.
What's the reason for covering hair? Genuinely curious.
Can I drop by just to visit and see the temple and maybe learn a bit about Sikh?

I have always have so much respect for them and every Sikh I have met were wonderful people. Would love to learn a bit more about them.
When I was in high school, the Sikh temple was maybe half a block away. At the time, in my fairly small Canadian town, there were no Indian restaurants, but I remember going to the temple once a week to get free lunch and being completely blown away by how delicious the food was. All of the people were so friendly and welcoming, as well. It's an unbelievable atmosphere and I would recommend everybody go at least once.
During last year's devastating bush fires in Australia, members of the Australian Sikh community helped by providing 1000s of free meals to victims displaced by the fires. The Sikh charity groups are very much part of the emergency response in Australia now.
[removed]
The more I learn of Sikhs the more wholesome they seem.
I just want to verify the fact that they will not try to convert you or push their religion on you.

I worked for a shelter for several years.  When you work for a shelter, you constantly are dealing with different religious groups that come in to volunteer and try to push their dogma in one way or the other (even though we were explicit about being a secular organization and it was against our rules to do so.)

Sikhs were the only group that ever came in with no ulterior motive.  They only wanted to feed people, help in any other way they could, and leave.
During the initial pandemic lockdown, here in Glasgow, a massive Gurudwara here delivered hundreds of hot meals to many emergency services staff who were/are working throughout. NHS hospitals, paramedics, police etc. 

It was unsettling in the initial days as people were dying and we were still so unsure of the virus. This was a massive morale boost to all staff. I had respect for Sikh people beforehand, but this was an amazing act of selflessness and so great that, at a time of uncertainty, they even thought to thank those who were making sacrifices and putting themselves at risk to ensure others were healthy!
I wish all religions were like this
Well that’s not very Christian of them.
I have had a bucket list item of going to the Golden Temple just to see the Langer there. I've seen some awesome videos of it. The big pots of dal with rice and the friendly nature of the group impresses me.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JODjOSU-sGU
As a Catholic, I think Sikhs are a great role model for what we should be. They generally are kind and caring and expect nothing in return, which is beautiful. Some Catholics are good and genuinely want to help, but unfortunately there's plenty of bigots who always have some other motive...
I feel bad for Sikhs when they're mistaken for Muslims for wearing a turban and people commit hate crimes on them.
[deleted]
I took a Sikhism class in college and had to visit a temple of my choice. I ended up running into Dr. Marwah at the Hollywood Sikh Temple, turns out in 1969 he established the very first Sikh temple in the United States! He gave me a tour, we talked for about an hour and I took a picture with him!
I'm a staunch atheist, and will never believe in God, but if i have to choose a religion and i have a choice, it will be Sikhism.
I shave my head but I have a large beard. Would I still need to cover the top of my head or maybe the sides because my beard goes up to just above my ears?
They're amazing people. I'm going to paste what I said last time this topic came up. I can't recommend these people enough as just wonderful people to know even if you're in a great place in life. So here's what I said last year:

They'll feed you and help you feel normal by letting you do some chores around the gurdwara if you ask how you can repay them. I don't believe in much of anything, but those folks saved my life years ago and miles away from here. Not just with the meals, but with the opportunity to feel useful, even if just for a few hours and on a small scale.

I try to give to them when I have the opportunity. They really do live by their beliefs.
Several years ago, I was having my apartment fumigated for bed bugs.  My roommate was Sikh and suggested that we could stay at the Temple for a night or two while the exterminators did their job.  We not only got a place to sleep for the night, but they also cooked up some good Indian food for us.

Generally I've found that people of all religions as long as you show them respect while in their house.  When I was in Italy and our car broke down in some middle of nowhere town, the village priest allowed the three of us Yanks to stay at the church.  Since there wasn't a mechanic in the town and it was a Saturday, we ended up staying the rest of the weekend and part of Monday.  We were treated pretty well and even ate in people's homes for free (we tried to pay them but they refused payment).
Wow, that's Sikh.
Soooo . . . Sikh and ye shall find? I'll see myself out . . .
https://www.reddit.com/r/LifeProTips/comments/7ppvmh/lpt_if_youre_poor_homeless_just_hungry_or_know/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

This link may also have some good info on the topic
Basically the same concept in Catholic monasteries, at least Trappists. 

I’ve had some amazing visits to Trappist monasteries. By tradition they produce stuff to sell, but whatever they make is of unbelievably high quality. The food is all vegetarian and simple but very wholesome, hard to describe but after a day of walking around the monastery grounds it tasted better than a Michelin Star meal. Never once tried to convert me, but they did invite me to their interfaith dialogue where an imam, a rabbi and a Buddhist monk were flying in.

Also, if you’re visiting a monastery of any faith, if you absolutely can afford to donate then you should. Chances are that whoever you are, there is some luxury that you could give up to help offset the cost of your stay.
If you feel guilty for eating for free. Ask one of the elders if you can do any work (Seva) they will never force you. 

Sweeping floors, peeling potatoes or shining shoes. Everyone  is equal, millionaire or homeless..teaches you to be humble and work for food.
True story....I was in India and had a seizure in the middle of the market in front of a huge golden Sikh temple. a man came out and helped my husband carry me to the temple where I was left in an air conditioned room (the only one in the area, I was told) and allowed me to stay in a "men's only" area until I recovered.  They were so very nice and concerned. I have ALWAYS respected the Sikh ever since that day they helped care for me after having a huge seizure in the middle of a busy market in New Delhi India
I’ve been Sikhing this all my life!
Spreading love and acceptance without trying to convert people is probably the best way to convert me. 

Well played
this is why i love the sikh religion despite being an atheist
Why will they never try to convert you?
It’s so weird because I dated a Sikh and he and his family turned out to be such horrible judgemental human beings I assumed they were all like that for years.
This is incredible
[removed]
Did anyone see this exact thing a month or two ago?
Oh! Story time! 

In 2018, last time I was in Melbourne I asked a Sikh guy working at a tourism office for any good places to get a good meal that isn't expensive, dude told me about a place that I thought was a restaurant. 

I arrive, hop off the tram and at first I think its a bit weird that I was asked to remove my shoes, of course I did without any fuss and went in, I sat on the floor with a bunch of other folks, some looked rich as well as poor but I just kinda went along with it. It was NOT what I was expecting and the whole time I really felt like I didn't belong there, like I was intruding. I asked a dude in a turban bigger than his head and a beard that stretched to his belly where I should pay and how much but he just laughed and said something in Punjabi I didn't understand, then some others started laughing. 

The awkwardness at this point was at 9.8/10. At 10 I'm going "fuck it" and jumping out a window. Thankfully before it got to there a dude told me that anyone is welcome and the food was all free, I explained the misunderstanding and there were some far less awkward laughs. Anyway I felt bad about eating the temple's food without giving anything so I left a $20 donation and received a brief blessing before I left. 

10/10 would visit the temple again.
And you can have as much as you would want.
SIKHS ARE WONDERFUL <3
There was a rather infamous Sikh temple shooting in a suburb of Milwaukee a few years back. A truly shocking and barbaric act. 

Very shortly after the shooting, the temple opens its doors to the community in an effort to show everyone “we’re just like you”. 

Even after such a violent and tragic act, everyone was warm and smiling. They welcomed us into their temple and embraced us as members of their community. They were so gentle and lovely, I felt guilt and sorrow just being in their presence. How such wonderful people could exhibit such grace after something so ugly being done to them...it was overwhelming.
Sikh are such an amazing people. The get so much hate just because people assume they are Islam.
There was an Oh No Ross and Carrie episode for this. They paid some contribution up front and said it was still the best bang for their buck in town.
Why dont all homeless people go to sikh temples?
I stumbled across the Sikh temple in Kuala Lumpur 10 years ago and was greeted by such kind people. I got a tour of the place and everything.
I live in Surrey, BC which has a huge Punjabi population. I think it's the majority of the city actually. And I think they're almost all Sikh. Anyways they have a parade every year called Vhaisaki and the feed the entire city, straight up. You can eat more delicious Indian food than should be legal. And it's really indicative of their culture how generous they are.
Should also note that while the food and chai are free it's frowned upon greatly if you're seen wasting food, only receive what you can eat and never waste food. Surprising how in our society we still have are hard time grasping this concept.
Christian churches in America are all like this too. 

loljk. Don't actually try that shit unless you want your heathen @$$ to get shot for trespassing.
It's the same in Orthodox Monasteries. They'll feed you and offer shelter and won't ask anything about your life or try to convert you (obviously this depends on the place, but the vast majority I've been to people are just chill). 

I assume it works the same in different temples as well. I usually despise organised religion and think it's a waste, but monasteries are cool places that I can't fault.
Why can't all religions be like this?
I walked past a local Sikh temple on a very warm day - I had already walked 10km (was walking from a suburb to the city centre - about 20km). A Sikh guy called out and asked if I wanted a drink of juice (they had a table set up in the garden). Yknow when something is so perfectly timed that you enjoy it way more than you usually would? This was one of those moments 

I was so thankful, he was so pleasant. I still remember how much he smiled. Such a small thing but it’s lovely.
Seen a few comments of people wanting to drop off donations. Things that are always useful in a Sikh temple kitchen:

Milk - if you’ve ever noticed Indian people buying 10 jugs of milk at a grocery store there’s a good chance a bunch of it will be donated at the temple.

Flour - if you have an Indian grocery store near you, this is the ideal place to get this. You specifically want to get what we call ‘atta’

Fresh veggies - cauliflower, spinach, broccoli, bags of potatoes or onions, tomatoes, green chili, frozen peas, ginger, garlic

Rice

Lentils 

Sugar/salt 

Sweets/appetizers - if you have Indian restaurants near you, it is perfectly acceptable to get sweets or samosa’s/pakoras and bring them. Note if this is something you’re planning on doing it would make sense to get at least 25 samosa’s or a couple pounds of sweets. 

Food donations are typically brought up to the prayer hall and left at the donation area where the money is dropped. Volunteers will take care of it from there.
I read that as Sith temples at first
My family is hindu and I’m personally atheist but I occasionally volunteer at the Gurudwara. It’s an amazing culture and community
This is how you know a religion is legit.
I read sikh temple as sith temple at first and was very confused
Just don't be drunk or noticeably high. They don't want that in their temple.
Sikhs are the best people. They are utterly kind and generous. If there is a calamity, they are often the first to respond in my country. Be like the Sikhs. ❤️🙏

Sincerely, a muslim.
Sikh is probably the most neural religion in the world. They are the Switzerland of religions.
I have a story to share as well. A decade past, when I was young and reckless with money, I had little money towards the end of the month for 'good food', like a plate of halwa or some sweets generally. I used to go to nearby Hindu temples to get free sweets, but I guess they figured out that I eat quite a lot of the really tasty (and expensive) sweets, so while I got a plate, I never got another one. I had requested the temple priest for another plate on one occasion, but he refused and I never had the heart to request again. 

This one time, my friend and I visited Bangla Sahib, one of the biggest gurdwaras in Delhi. I had a plate of the sweet they give there, kada parshad. After I finished, I really wanted to have another one. My previous experience with the Hindu temple didn't allow me ask for another plate. I was almost walking away when I gushed to my friend how badly I wanted to eat another plate. The gentleman who was offering the sweet overheard us, I guess. He thrusted a plate in my hand and said, 'eat as much as your heart desires, daughter'. aaah, my heart.
They are some of the nicest people on earth. No joke. If you need your faith in humanity restored, just visit a Sikh temple.
Can you stay overnight?
I have experienced this. It was humbling. Religion doesn't make much sense in today's world, but Sikhism and Tibettan Buddhism that put compassion as a tenet that must be practised on a daily basis gain a whole lot of respect from me.
Live right next to one and they’re such lovely neighbors.  There are times my house smells like all the amazing meals they’re cooking, and I also get some really meditative chanting.
YSK that apologizing to your children and admitting when you're wrong is what teaches them to have Integrity
There are a lot of parents with this philosophy of "What I say goes, I'm the boss , everyone bow down to me, I can do no wrong". 

This approach is detrimental to raising children who take accountability for their own actions. They need to see you admit to your faults, and you do owe them an apology when you mess up, even if you happen to think that "seems stupid because they're just a kid". 

Children learn by example, and they pick up on so many nuances, minutiae, and unspoken truths. 

You aren't fooling them into thinking you're perfect by refusing to admit mistakes - you're teaching them that to apologise is shameful and should be avoided at all costs. You cannot treat a child one way and then expect them to comport themselves in the opposite manner.

••••••••••••••••••••••••••

EDIT: uh, wow, this blew tf up. To address a few things from the comments:


- I'm a 35 y/o mother to a 3 y/o, and I try to practice what I preach. I'm not a child psychology expert by any means, (I just play one on the internet...), but I have done a considerable amount of research over the years on various parenting styles and techniques, and new studies that come out regarding the long term effects of them. I defer to experts and scientists.


- My father modeled a wonderful example by always apologizing and admitting when he was wrong, and it did not affect how we viewed him as the boss of the household. I also experienced the opposite with my biological mother, who is a clinically diagnosed Narcissist. 


- For everyone who can relate and who has a story to share, please know that I will try my best to respond to your comments; thank you for your bravery in sharing your experiences. 


*****


Thank you all so much for your kind words and the lovely shiny pixels, I'm so glad that this was well-received. Have a dope weekend, folks🖤
Be the adult you want them to grow up to be.
Take it from someone who knows, if you don’t apologise when you’ve messed up your kid WILL grow up to resent you and they will seriously struggle to trust you. It’s not worth it. Apologise.
Agree. If we admit when we are wrong and apologize, this builds up trust and shows children how to react after they make their own mistakes. This goes for teachers as well. I explain to my students that making mistakes happens. We need to learn to look for them and correct them and I have demonstrated that - inadvertently but then it’s part of the lesson!
when my daughter was seven or so, when complaining about a rule...i told her "if you can convince me i am wrong, i will change my mind." she was 8 or 9 the first time she successfully did so. ....she was just so proud of herself.

i wanted to show her that rules while necessary are not immutable. that she had some input in the rules she had to follow. 

 children are more likely to follow rules they help create than those simply imposed upon them.
My parents have never apologized for anything.
Half the time my girl acts like she can’t hear us. But the second daddy says a curse word, or he and I get into an argument, she is right there telling us to chill. Last time, her daddy apologized to me about being cross with me, right in front of her, and I saw her glance at me to check out my reaction. The kids are always listening. Make it count.
My parents never apologized to me!! I grew up in an angry house with a ton of resentment. Now being a mom of a 13 yo, I constantly apologize when I find I need to bc I’m trying to break the cycle. My son appreciates when I treat him with respect. He then is more respectful towards me. Kids are much more mature and insightful then we give them credit for.
I apologise to hold myself accountable. Hearing my bad attitude coming out of my child's mouth is a real eye opener at times. Being a parent has really made me examine how I react to the world and how I can improve myself. 
We really try to do the trifecta:
1: acknowledge the mistake and make amends
2: find the lesson
3:let it go, forgive yourself.
 I'll be real, number three is a challenge for me.
My mom once did something wrong, though I no longer remember what. I do remember that it was something that would have gotten me sent to my room, I said as much, so she dutifully went to her room for a half hour or so. 
Later in life she joked that she was probably thrilled to spend some time alone in her room, but to child-me it was an important lesson that she wasn't above the rules.
My parents literaly told me our house was a dictatorship and they could do no wrong when I was growing up lmao
It also teaches them what objective reality is by validating/confirming that what they felt was correct. And how they should expect to be treated by other adults throughout their lives 👍
my mom magically forgets every shitty thing they ever did to me.
Yup, my mom never apologized or said she was sorry, and she wondered why I lied all the time.
And if its hard for you to admit when you're wrong, still do it and tell them it is a struggle for you. Because right isn't always easy.
The worst kids to teach are the ones who will never, ever admit they’re in the wrong and always find someone else to blame, so you call the parent and they immediately do the same thing. They’re always the worst students by far, and there’s nothing to be done about it cause the parents will never hold the kids accountable cause if they admit the child did something they think it’s all about them.
The same thing goes for teaching manners. If you want your child to use please and thank you without being reminded, you should say please and thank you when talking with them!
And fucking things up and starting from scratch teaches them to not be perfectionists and to persevere. 
  
In the early years I made the mistake of showing them things I had made without them seeing all of the blood,sweat, and tears behind it.
Old school Asian parents have left the chat.....
I’m pmsing really bad today. My cycle has always coincidentally landed when my kids are with their father. We had to switch this week and I honesty almost lost my shit. My patience was just really thin. 

I’m normally very patient and cool with my kids. I believe in explaining things and educating them, not just commanding them. It has worked well, as my kids are pretty chill. 

Well all of that went out of the window today. I found myself getting easily flustered and showing my annoyance with them. 

I felt guilty since I rarely lose my shit. So, after I calmed down and we were having a casual conversation, I apologized to them. I explained vaguely about hormones and to please bear with me. 

My daughter, who is 7, responded with, “It’s ok mom, I get it. I lose my patience with my brother and little sister too sometimes. You’re a great mom and I love you.” 

Melted my little heart! I felt like I taught her the life lesson of empathy? Is that stretching it? To see things or relate? Basically to not take things personal, which is something I struggled with up until pretty recently. 

I hope I can continue to teach my children these little lessons. My goal is not instill any unhealthy thoughts or habits, and not to pass down any of my traumas.
yup! apologize for what you've done and make that a full stop statement. make it clear that you are responsible for your own behavior. don't apologize and then still blame the kid for your behavior or frustration. you don't need to explain that you did this and that because you're stressed about money and your father's an asshole- that's dumping all your problems on your kids. it's stressful and unnecessary and can really hurt your children.
This sounds over the top and whatever.  But we have always tried to raise my daughter with a good sense of reason and rationality.  I remember one time when she was young, maybe 5 or so, and we were arguing in the morning over her choice of dress.  She had tights on, i suggested she put shorts on.  I said "well at the end of the day, I'm the parent and what I say goes" to which she replied, "well, it's the beginning of the day so I guess I will wear tights."  I'm really proud of her.
And if you apologize to your children, don't make it seem like it's some monumental failure for you. You did something wrong, so what? Apologize sincerely and move on.
I stopped this cycle the day my oldest son was born. Accountability, honesty and validation are things I grew up without, and still don’t have, from my parents. I wanted, and did, better for my kids and for myself, too.
Yep. And saying 'because I said!' or telling them 'white lies' to get them to do something will also bite you in the arse. Your teaching them that's how you interact.
My parents didn’t do this for me. If I have kids, I’ll end that cycle.
While we’re at it: I always told my kids “I promise not to take credit for any of your accomplishments as long as you promise not to blame me for any of your failures”. Said tongue in cheek, but it still sends a fair message.
I always make a point to do this when I get angry with my 6 year old... sometimes in the moment it’s so easy to just be reactive - and I will get more angry than I need to given the situation. After we have both had some time to ourselves to calm down, I will come to her and we sit down and I will tell her that I shouldn’t have reacted the way I did BUT when (whatever she did) happens - I get upset for xyz reasons. I tell her that I will try to be better going forward if she tries to make better choices regarding whatever it was she did in the first place. Then we cuddle and hang out..
I’m 22 years old and my dad still thinks he’s a god and always knows more than me. I can relate to this  so much it hurts
Lol. Can someone send this to my parents? They literally just cut themselves off from the family because they support trump and the rest of us don't. Guess they got tired of hearing him be shit on constantly. They quite literally chose Trump over family.
Also it’s okay Express your fears or tell them your mistakes that happen outside of the house. 

One of the biggest things I’ve learned as an adult is how to see my parents as normal adults. They are the people who were molded by their parents in their youth. 

Not only does it help them understand you, but it helps you connect with them in real ways.
Friends of ours have a daughter and they raised her in the most wonderful way. They never treated her as a child that needs to do as told but as a little human being who needed their help and guidance to explore the world and herself. Their daughter was always a full member of the family and her opinion mattered just as much as her parent's opinion. Sometimes they had an argument and they would never dismiss her, instead they listened to her and when they were wrong they would tell her. She also had a lot of privacy. When she was young and had friends over to play they would go to her bedroom and her parents would always knock on the door before entering. Their reasoning was just because she's small doesn't mean she's not entitled to her privacy. The other side of the coin was they taught her her actions have consequences and to be mindful of other people, their opinions and how they perceive the world. Their daughter is 16 now and highly independent, has a great sense of empathy and a wisdom you will only find in someone who is raised this way.
>  even if you happen to think that "seems stupid because they're just a kid". 

To be fair, if you think that way then you probably shouldn't breed in the first place.
I would’ve respected my parents so muchmore and would’ve learned more about respect if they would’ve apologized when they did something wrong.
I am a single mother.  I found myself getting angry and taking it out on my son.  I hated that.  So I would be honest with him.  "Mommy needs a time out. I am angry and it has nothing to do with you". I would make he was ok..favorite snack, favorite movie and he knew where I would be.  I would go to my room until I could be civil.
So that's what's wrong with me.
I’m only human. I say this to my daughter when I mess up. The I tell her being a kiddo is hard, and so is being a mommy. She is her own person, not a possession. 
She will have bad days, she’s only human. 
Mommy has bad days too but I am sorry... 

My baby won’t be with me always... I’ll have to let her make her own way... but I want her to be the best person she can be, and it starts with me. You are not spoiling them by admitting you are wrong. You are just teaching them to be decent people. 

Forget anyone who thinks otherwise or gives you shit about it.

Edit for spelling
seems obvious but this is sound advice. hope I remember to be this way
This goes for teachers too, If youre a teacher and you admit you're wrong and apologize to a student, it helps them to trust you as a teacher along with understanding authority isn't always out to get pick on them.
My mom did the classic: beat me, cry and make me console her about beating me, and then denying she did it now that I'm an adult. That's why i don't talk to her, so id say this post has the right idea
Yep. My parents always meant well. Still do. My mom however always played the her house her rules she's right card forever. Looking back it definitely helped shape me into a more guarded person who is constantly coming up with justification and reasoning for everything.
Authoritarian parenting is the easiest way to waste 18 years of your life raising a child that you’ll never see again after he/she attains freedom from your tyranny
Preach!
It’s true. My dad had serious anxiety issues that weren’t dealt with until I was a young adult. Therefore, when I was a kid, he would occasionally have bouts of rage that were not equal to the actual problem. 
I’ll never forget a multi-page note he left my 10-year old self, apologizing and explaining how lack of sleep, work, etc lead him to react the way he did. It helped me to see him as more human than I ever had before.
My son is 4 and I’ve tried to make it a point to apologize when I have been in the wrong, or overreacted to something. I’m really hoping it builds trust between us in the future. I want to raise a kid that feel comfortable with coming to me with anything without fear.
My 11 year old just asked if he could watch a TV show instead of reading time tonight. I said "No. Go jump in bed and read." 

He said "Why not?" 

"... Because I said no." 

He said "You're just telling me no to avoid giving me a real reason."

I say "You're likely right. Let me have a 'because I said so' tonight." 

So we compromised and he's laying on the couch reading. He knew I was just saying no without a hard reason and called me on it. No reason to deny it. Kids are smart.
This is narcissistic parenting and it sucks.

Other common traits to watch out for with a narcissistic parent

Likes to compare their life struggles with their child’s

Doesn’t like when their child is better at something at their age than they were

Tries to live their life through their child by making all the decisions

Will always blame the circumstances rather than themselves



Listen, if u are doing ANY of these as a parent 

Stop

Because I can guarantee you that that is a bad road to go down and can end in two ways

Your child becoming the same way

Your child realising they can be better, but you never will be, and you will die alone.
I blew up at my 6 year old son 9ne night over something small.  He cried.  It was definitely an overreaction.  He and I were fine going forward the next few days, it seemed to have been forgotten by him.  A few days later I realized that I had overreacted and felt really bad about it, so at bedtime I asked my son if he remembered a few nights ago when I blew up at him for the small thing.  Before I had said this he was happy and excitedly telling me about his day.  Well he did remember that night and me bringing it up made him tear up as he was remembering it and the. I apologized.  I explained how it was wrong for me to get that mad over the small thing and how I won't let that happen again and a smile came upon his face despite his eyes being full of tears and from his own heart he said it's ok dad I still love you, and he thanked me for apologizing.  It was an amazing moment and it forever changed me.  100% follow this ysk but don't take it for granted....the thing you're admitting is still wrong and if you don't avoid making the same mistake you will teach distrust.  You have to be consistent.
When young people see that you're willing to hold limits and boundaries *and* willing to take accountability, they follow your lead. Mostly. 

I work in residential treatment sometimes (most of the time I'm a Therapist) and I had an interaction today that exemplifies this.

I asked a young man I just met this evening very firmly to turn down or turn off his music while others were conversing. He semi flipped out and was very rude and dismissive. A few minutes later I took my mask off so he could see my face and told him I meant no offense and I apologize that it came off I was "yelling" at him. From that point forward the rest of the night his demeanor toward me totally shifted and he wasn't seeking nearly as much "negative" attention from me.
Growing up, I experienced quite the opposite, which doesn't necessarily contradict OP's tip, but is another branch of how it could go.

My dad always had a "my way is logical for me and therefore is right. If you don't agree or your logic is different, there's something wrong with it somewhere". As a kid I was always wrong in everything. All arguments, even those which are based on actual logic are wrong. And his reason is because "I know better" or "you'll understand when you grow up" or "you should know better" while insisting he was right and I was wrong. Then he made me "acknowledge" that I was wrong by making me verbally admit that I was wrong and giving me a form of punishment afterwards.

Eventually I learned to accept that I'll never be able to prove that what I did was right or defensible as long as he has so much as an inkling of wanting to prove me wrong in whatever it may be. What I did then was to just "accept" fault but never really internally accept it. I'm very rebellious (though idk if that's because of my childhood experiences with him or if I'm just naturally rebellious as a person) and will never back down and give in deep inside, but would concede the argument on the outside just to end any more exhausting pointless drama.

I resolved to myself that when I grow up, HE is exactly the type of person I wouldn't want to become, and that when I have kids, I wouldn't out them through what he put me through, cause kids definitely don't deserve to go through that shit at such a young age. I felt like my innocence as a kid was trampled upon, sort of like emotional abuse. So I made him to be an example of what NOT to be like, if that makes sense.
Was driving home with my boyfriend and our friend's kid (4 y/o) earlier this year and my boyfriend said something that he didn't realize hurt my feelings. I started crying and when my boyfriend asked what was wrong, I told him and he took my hand and said he was sorry. I realized our little friend was watching, quiet in the backseat, and thought "it's good that he's seeing this."
Thank you.  In 21 yrs of marriage, my DH has never once apologized.  I don't want my sons growing up that way.
With all my years teaching preschool this is one of (if not the absolute) most important things for an adult to do for children of any age. And it's not just about teaching integrity, there are so many other pieces of their life and development that this will positively affect.
I think it’s important to be able to say “I don’t know (but I can find out)”
They deserve and respect honesty.
Both of my parents are like that,  I figured that yeah it's not the best they can do but oh well, what can I do.
I wish my dad apologized to me. He has too much pride to ever admit anything.
I'm proud to say that I managed to gain integrity despite my dad being the worst apologizer I have ever met. That might be because he's such a big dick I just kinda figured out that I'll do well if I always strive to be the opposite of him.
So many stories I see about people that can't simply admit they were wrong/incorrect. Be it teachers, consumers, bosses...admitting fault is admitting you're human. We all make mistakes.
Thank you for this. I wholeheartedly believe this is not a common thing and that is beyond unfortunate. Humans make mistakes. It's in our nature. There's nothing different when it comes to a child or an adult a mistake is a mistake. Owning up to it is beyond mature, it's accepting yourself enough to let other see your faults; accepting you're human... and that's a rarity nowadays.
This is so true. My mom did this a lot growing up and still does and it’s a huge reason why our relationship is so strained
Agreed
I agree, in my opinion you should show your child that their parents *aren't* perfect would help them a lot in the long run.
I remember once when I was in high school, my mom made some sort of comment to my brother, and I calmly defended him (which i never really did). And later my father told me I was really kind to do that for him. And I will never forget that. 

I’m a teacher now and i always try to give specific and meaningful compliments to my students, especially when they are sticking up for themselves or other people. 


P.s. the riff wasn’t anything dramatic, I think my mom was freaking out about my brothers driving, and I stepped in in his defense.
I hate to think that there are parents that don't get 101. I'll d get an immediate Reddit downvote, but you get it.  -23.
It's even funnier when your parents carry that mindset into adulthood, where you are still viewed as a child who can't make the right decisions and need to be supervised and directed through trivial little tasks. After getting a degree, then another degree, then a Master's, then building a practice in healthcare, my Dad still says "No no no, not like that, make sure you do it that way, that's the proper way" when I'm loading a dishwasher or using a power tool.

But, I guess I should be thankful that I have parents who are invested in me and care enough to provide that guidance even if it does come across as condescending.
LITERALLY happened to me today. Won’t get into it, but my mom apologized for something she knew was just uncalled for.  Definitely the times adding pressure so our fam got it—it was just nice for her to “turn back,” reflect and say sorry for her actions. Humbly forgave her—God knows I’ve had my shortcomings, and hey.  A weight’s been lifted and I’m mega thankful for it.  Proverbs says, better to be patient in spirit than proud in spirit. Also, uncanny timing that this is what popped up on r/all after that happened earlier.  Silver linings!
This is pretty true for any interaction - not just kids. If you made a mistake, own up to it and admit it. Apologize for it. Being honest and vulnerable gains trust regardless of who you’re dealing with.
Wish my dad apologized, every time I mention something he did to hurt me he finds a way to make it a small problem
Yeah this was a major issue for me. I grew up never saying sorry one single bit, and when people say shit like "just say sorry" i find it really hard to do and i don't know whether its a matter of ego or pride but now im fucking certain because its my birthgiver
Yeah you can clearly tell whose childhoods were shaped by that I’m the boss bullshit. Everyone wonders why there’s so many grownups throwing tantrums and acting entitled these days... everyone had kids and nobody *raised* them. You need to get all of your own immature shit out of your system before you take on parenthood! But no, we just have idiots raising idiots now. Believing everything they see on Facebook and contributing absolutely nothing to society except their own ignorant crotch goblins. Yay.
Agree. I struggled in my early 20s with taking constructive criticism or accepting fault. Then one day it hit me, my mother has literally never apologized to me without caveats. It was like a lightbulb went off. I love her, she has many good qualities, but that wasn’t one. And I don’t want to emulate that any more, so I now actively reflect when I think I may be in the wrong and apologize authentically.
I always apologize when I am wrong or over react to my kids..sometimes I even ask for feedback by saying "what can I do to be a better mother for you?"
Sadly, authorianism has always been a problem in families and the most toxic side, I think that it is very hard to escape it, because of how we are raised
But no self-respecting narcissist would ever admit guilt...

&#x200B;

I hope a greater proportion of people become the exception.
You should also explain to them the difference between doing something on purpose and something that is an accident.  

If they take a toy and fling it across the room and hit the t.v., that is done obviously on purpose.  If they accidentally spill some juice, it is an accident. 

Obviously there is some gray area - like if you are not careful, like I asked you to be, then the juice would not be spilled - but please do not yell at your children for things that are genuinely accidents.
The best lessons my parents ever taught me showed me how *not* to handle things.

I like your way more.
I apologize to my 3 year old all of the time. Being a parent isn’t hard. Being a good parent is hard. I also tell her when I make a mistake or cause an accident, “adults have accidents or make messes, too.” This is to reassure her that we all spill drinks, make messes by mistake, and lose our tempers. Acknowledge it, apologize with sincerity and do something to make the situation better. ❤️
As a parent of a 4 year-old, you'll be surprised at how much you are able to lean from them when you have this kind relationship with them.
Be who you needed when you were younger
As a parent of 2, this is so spot on. 

So many parents agree that your children are best taught through example, yet fail to include humility in their teaching demonstrations. 

Such a shame.
This.  I learned that my parental units were completely full of shit when I was 15, as did my children.  My niece is learning this at age 28.  Her parental units are completely fucked.  As parents, we do the best we can with what we have, but we lack the patience and the tools necessary to successfully parent without bringing our prejudices and selfish decisions into our parenting decisions.  I wish I had learned the value of humility and apologizing for mistakes earlier, it would have made me a better parent.
It's always important to model the type of person you want children to become, and I believe apology is a critical aspect of a happy life, but this is such a nuanced topic.  Yes, apologize, but if you don't make it a learning experience there's really no benefit.  "I'm sorry I yelled at you" doesn't really help them understand anything.  "I'm sorry I was hard on you this morning, I was frustrated, it was important that I was on time to work.  I'll make sure to try harder and not yell at you.  Do you understand why I was frustrated?". This type of apology asks children to practice empathy while still acknowledging your fault and ensuring that you will try harder and won't get mad at them again.  It opens a conversation for them to ask and answer questions about their own behavior, and allows for both people to consider what they did wrong and how to do better.
I don't understand people who don't get this. I'm a high school teacher and I've always practiced this. I've had teachers ask how I get along with shit-ass students. Literally, be honest with students, listen to them, and apologizing when you fuck up. At the end of the day, regardless of a child's age, they're also a person. Maybe not fully developed, but still a person.
This applies to so much more than kids. Anyone in a leadership position...anyone that people look up to. Just be honest y’all. None of us are perfect, we’re all trying to get through this thing they call life together.
Whenever my friend's daughter does something to me that her mother requires a, "what do you say to (aceman)?"

She apologises, but I always light-heartedly say, "it's okay hun. No harm to foul. I forgive you."

And I never know if that's the right stuff to say... Because in the real world, she may not get the acceptance, nor the forgiveness....
Does acknowledge that they are right and you were wrong count? Cause my mom, as much as I love her, can’t listen to reason or logic and still yells at me without even a lackluster apology.
I always remember my parents never apologising for the mean things they would say in the heat of an argument. And as an adult it still makes me mad that they expect never ending respect. If they had just apologised after, our relationship would be a lot different.
Ahahah. Never happened never will happen. I don't talk to them for years. Never admitting that you're wrong or saying sorry when you hurt somebody apparently doesn't help a family mucho.
Always always apologize, reiterate you were wrong and explain how you can and will try to do better in the future
Yep and those good parents can rightfully claim the virtues of thei good kids.
Damn this and /r/lifeprotips are chock full of things that they wish their parents did for them.
Yes. You should. I learned it the complete opposite way. Watching my mother be such a hideous piece of trash that I swore id never be that way.
My mom is a wonderful and imperfect person. One of the reasons she is so amazing is accountability.
Also, if you don’t know something say, ‘I don’t know, let’s look it up later’, instead of guessing or spouting bulkshit. Kids don’t need to think adults know everything, they need to know that adults can find answers when they need them.
Any time I accidentally snap or loose my cool I instantly apologize to my child. And she has responded with “talk to me and I can help you” which is what I say to her when she gets frustrated. It’s awesome it’s hard but you need to teach your children to become adults.
"What I say goes" seems fine to me, but "I can do no wrong" is just incorrect.
I agree 100%. The best parenting I ever got from my mother was when she told me “It’s ok to disagree with me. I don’t know everything and I’m not perfect.”

Despite all the things I do dislike about my mother, that stuck with me and made me realize that she’s just like me. Trying to feel her way through life, and making mistakes along the way. Honestly, that’s the moment I stopped thinking about my mom as not just my mother, but also as my friend.
Poor Donald.
Hell yeah. Normalize apologizing when you're wrong, but even more important, normalize working to fix the problem as well. Sorry is nothing without a step to rectify the problem
My son is 7 and has always tended to act out if he doesn’t get his way. I let him do his thing and he levels out after 10-15 minutes and we go on with the day. But lately he’s been apologizing after doing it, unprompted. And I have to credit myself for modeling that, it’s funny how effective positive reinforcement is 🤷🏻‍♂️
And then once you apologize for your mistake now comes the lesson on never gloating because you were right and I was wrong. These children (nieces and nephews) cause me to consume to much alcohol. LOL
I have a four year old and an extremely high maintenance newborn. I’ve been apologizing almost daily to my 4 year old for my lack of patience lately due to being so stressed out and sleep deprived. 

It’s been hard and I feel guilty often, but it’s also such a great tool to teach her how to apologize, how to know when you’re wrong, and words like overwhelm, empathy, and patience. She’s so understanding it melts my heart.
Every single word you say to a child is meaningless unless you model the behaviour you want to see from them. This goes for parents, teachers, and everyone else who works with kids.
I apologize to my kiddo when I wrong her. I always tell her why too. An explanation, not excuse. Like: I'm sorry, I made a mistake. I didn't fully listen to all you had to say before I made my mind up and I'll try harder next time.

She is a smart, reasonable (for the most part!) girl who deserves respect. I view my many, many apologies as teaching moments for both of us!!!
> You aren't fooling them into thinking you're perfect by refusing to admit mistakes - you're teaching them that to apologise is shameful and should be avoided at all costs.

I had one parent who would admit fault, and one who would not.

What I learned is that the one who would not didn’t deserve my respect.
Very true. It can also teach them how to forgive. A few weeks ago I was having a pretty bad day. I came into the living room to witness my 6 year old daughter spill a cup of water all over the living room. I instantly got annoyed by it and snapped at her. As I was losing my temper she just said “but dad, I said it was an accident. I didn’t mean to”. In the moment I could only focus on my anger and annoyance. When I looked at her and saw her eyes tearing up, I was able to catch myself and took a few deep breaths. I sat down and asked her to come to me. When she was in front of me I told her that I was having a bad day, but it’s not an excuse for yelling at her. I knew it was an accident and I wasn’t angry with her. And then I apologized for my anger and yelling at her, and asked if she’d forgive me. She instantly stopped being upset, looked at me and said “of course I forgive you daddy”, and them gave me a big hug. It was the most wonderful feeling, and I realized in that moment how important it was that I apologized to her, and hopefully we both learned something that day.
Pass this along to my dad. When he was wrong he'd just slap us across the forehead and say, "You know what I meant!".
I got caught up in my anger the other day and yelled at my two-year-old mid-tantrum. I could tell that it scared her and I felt like complete shit about it. I apologized to her and hugged her. I hope she understood that I was sorry 🤍
I would say this is probably my dads greatest strength
I do that sometimes with my 4 year old, she just says "That's otay" and hugs me and pats my back. She can be a sweetheart, in between bouts of terror...
My husband and I apologize to our daughter. If we bonk her head, if we think we spoke a mistruth and were wrong, anything that we would apologize to an adult for because we respect her. We have found that she is compassionate. Her response is typically "thats ok mommy/daddy."
Recently asked my dad when was the last time he apologized to anyone. He said he hasn't, because he's never done anything wrong... not purposely. It was an incredibly illuminating moment for me. Explained so much about him.
I grow up in a family where there is no "sorry", no "thanks" either. I hate it, makes it so hard for me to express myself. I swear I'm gonna do better
Excellent.
Works great with employees too.
Cries in Asian parents
Doing this produces less Karens. Please do it.
The fact that this is a YSK and not a common sense
I'm 25 and have never heard my mother apologize for anything. I want to do better for my future children.
My parents: Beat me a lot when I was younger, smashed my laptop, phones, tablets, stopped buying coffee, smashed my piano key board, broke my ukulele, threaten to break my desk and chair and remove my rooms door, insult me all the time because I'm gay and they're homophobic (only upside is they havent disowned me yet, speaking of which,), threaten to disown me a lot, tell me why I havent gotten a job yet even though I'm 15 and we are living in a pandemic and im in school, dont let me go out with my friends unless I'm wearing my school uniform, smashed our wii, broke part of my chest of drawers, had to barricade my door way too many times and that's still gonna happen in the coming future, called the police on my dad one time on impulse when he was banging my door, kicking it and trying to force himself in (he started laughing and left when I called them. They literally just told us to stay away and defuse, guess what my dad don't care about that), got involved with child protection services after my dad beat me like hell because I didnt want to say sorry to my brother for something I never did. 


And you wanna know something? I dont recall ONCE where they ever apologised to me. Whenever they broke my things, they were all like "we pay for it, we can do what we want", and they never replaced any of it except for my phone which they probably knew I wouldnt let them live in peace over because it was the only tech device I had left apart from our wii and PS2 (the Wii was replaced because those are pretty cheap from CeX now, and it wasnt something that only I used). Just thinking back to all that makes me wonder how I'm still doing fine in life, although I'm only 15 so I have yet to experience a lot in life.

I do get they're human, really do. My mum had to go through the death of her sister while my dad had to go through the death of his dad, they do care for our physical needs, my dad brings the money and my mum is an amazing cook, raising 4 kids isnt an easy feat, and they have sort of changed to be I guess less aggressive people? They have their history together, and if love brought them together then kudos to them (I doubt it but who knows), and they're doing their best to make life easier, they did start life in india after all, but at some times, i think my parents need therapy.
Please give this information to my parents, thank you
Good advice.
i totally understand this. my parents are just narcissistic to a petty degree. grew up thinking that they were right all the time like they stated themselves. as i grew older, man, i realized all their flaws.
I love this. I think it’s so important for children to understand it’s OK to feel emotions, feel angry and cross, make mistakes - as long as you admit those mistakes, say sorry and try to rectify it.

As adults we allow ourselves to feel different emotions so why do so many parents act as if their children are doing something wrong or stepping out of line if the child loses control of their emotions from time to time? It really is a bizarre way to help children learn and grow.

I find it difficult as an adult to say sorry to others because of the way I was brought up - I never heard “sorry” from either of my parents. I will sometimes snap at my daughter and I try so hard to always go back, apologise, give her a cuddle and explain how I felt!
Current GF has two kids, their dad is a “do no wrong” type of person. It’s sad. Dude is anti mask, anti vax, basically every bad Facebook stereotype meshed into one. 

When I interact with the kids I make it a point to be patient, understanding, and human! Nobody is perfect, nobody is beyond reprieve. I make mistakes, I give them sincere apologies. I admit when I’m wrong quickly and make sure they understand that I’m ok with it. They respond to that with respect, admiration, and appreciation. It sucks to say but I’ve heard many times “why can’t dad be like that? He gets mad when we know he’s wrong!” 
Trying to set an example for kids, talking to them as though they’re my equal, not some lesser adult, typically brings respect. 

Just because you’re younger doesn’t make you any less of a valid human being. It still deserves some understanding and respect. That doesn’t mean folding to them either though.
My parents never hit me as a child. One day when my dad was doing dishes and putting the dishes into the dishwasher, I accidentally slammed his hand in the dishwasher by closing it. My dad turned around pissed and hit me across the face. I was absolutely petrified because my parents had never put a hand on me in my life. 

Later, he sat me down and told me that he was sorry. He told me he was completely in the wrong and it should never have happened. 

I still remember it to this day. It is one of the few lessons I vividly remember from my father.
I once let my three year old put me on the naughty step because I shouted at our Amazon echo and got angry with it not responding correctly, which made little one cry. 

It amazed me how she mimicked what we do with her on the naughty step down to a T. Great to see that she did really listen even if she sometimes says she hasn't.
Wish my mom would take notes
I came here for the south park puns and found none. YOU GOT NO TEGRIDY!
This is very true and underrated.
Plus, it helps the kids see the parent as more of an equal, and thus can confide in them what they wouldn't otherwise.
Yes!! They will call you to the pulpit!!!!!
the more I keep seeing them everywhere?
100 Bucks says Trump wasn't raised this way.

... look at him now.
I can’t stand my mother 90% of the time for this exact reason
There’s actually research that backs your statement up. I’m on mobile, it’s friday, and finding that research would be work so I’m not doing it. Someone more curious than I can do it.
All the parents want to play God
Adults can never be wrong though. 😅
The problem here is nobody wanta to admit they are wrong.
My dad would get pissed off and yell and scream at me for whatever. Then about 5 or 10 minutes later come back and apologize. He’d still yell and stuff at me, but he’d always apologize like 10 minutes later. I always thought it was funny.
This hit me too hard
TIL why I don't have integrity.
Thanks for posting this.  

Most posts of this nature are “don’t do x, y and z to your kids”.  So, of course, I start wondering if I do x, y and/or z to my kids, and if/how it’s negatively impacting their development.  

But, for once, I can read a post about raising kids and feel confident that I’m doing something right.  👍
I got my integrity from the freaking bible, I wish my mother my showed some
Not just integrity, but just as important, it teaches them RESPECT. A common issue children face is adults not respecting them.
That's true. I agree.
I apologize to my kids.  Parents are not perfect and neither are they.
I was raised in the house of “what I say goes” and I can say as I’ve gotten older I’ve grown further from my parents because I assume they’re one sided from my childhood experience.
My parents have never apologized, and based on what I hear from my other 2 friends parents, theirs didn't either. I think we sort of bonded over this subconsciously, but I've noticed that all of us are very indecisive as a result (or rather, we are too scared to share our opinions) and we ALWAYS apologize even if it isn't our fault. I think the whole parent-dictatorship thing really screwed with our self esteems.
Don’t apologize by saying “I apologize”, say “I’m sorry”.
#Facts
i fucking HATE bad parents. especially ones who won’t ever acknowledge that they’re bad parents and never change. and then further teach their stupid views and habits .... i hate my mom
Also, you know, just... do this as a person. Your friends, romantic partners, coworkers, your family sure -- all of them will respect you more if you're willing to admit when you're wrong. If you make a bad call, get mistaken, or just need advice, saying as much will rarely ever drive others away. More likely, it will better enable them to approach you with the help they can offer, or ask for it from you when they make a mistake of their own. It's kind of just better for everyone.
I want to add that parents do well when they have dignified humility.

If you're a parent, I suggest using good judgement and making dignified apologies. Your child looks up to you, whether you believe it or not. If they don't right now, you can still change that.

Apologies can be dignified if you accept that you are not perfect. You keep your dignity by forgiving yourself. You keep your child's respect by showing them you're willing to accept yourself despite all your imperfections. That's self-love. That's strength.

Be brave, parents, you hold the power to protect your own bits of the future.
It’s important that they have some goddamn TERGITY
People make the whole parenting thing far harder than it needs to be. The goal is to not raise an asshole. When your kid is being an asshole, tell them they're being an asshole, how they're being an asshole, and how they could have achieved the same end without being an asshole.

Source: I've got 4 kids and they're not assholes.
Yeah I feel this...

If I’m wrong about something I immediately feel pathetic and apologizing is like the most shameful embarrassing pathetic thing a human being could do, hell it even feels wrong... weird
In my experience, some parents will never apologize. /r/RaisedByNarcissists
This is true. I've never heard my parents apologize even up to this day. I had to learn how to apologize from someone else and that wasn't fun at all. But I'm glad I did or else I would've been like them
The same should apply at work, it’s ok to be wrong and it’s perfectly fine to admit it.  Unfortunately, sometimes, even if a hotshot senior at work is wrong, the underling managers will find a way to make that wrong work at the expense of frontline employees.
My mom only apologized one time in my life, and never has since. I've had a lot of therapy but I will never be the person I could have been if I had an emotionally mature adult as a parent.
Well its too late for my parents to know this. I'm an adult in 3 years and my parents have never admitted they were wrong once.
this is sooo important
‘Tegrity
I have never heard the words 'sorry' or 'thank you' come out the mouths of either of my parents.

I'm not sure how I should feel about that.
So glad I can confirm I do this, I do apologize if I was wrong and say I was wrong and my kids know
People can't even apologize to other adults when they're wrong, let alone their children. It's a hard pill to swallow in the moment and I can't say I don't understand it on some level
And treat them like a person, not an object.  They are allowed to have their own feelings and thoughts.
I can do no wrong, but when I do, I apologize. I feel bad that I yelled and explain that to them and say that I was frustrated with their behavior and overreacted and that I’m sorry. Then a hug and high five.
Aye, imagine having grown up in a world with boomer parents and not having TV/movies to get role models from. I’d probably be dead or in jail.
My parents would have avoided a lot of shit from me if they did that ! I just couldn’t listen or respect people who did the opposite of what they asked from me
This is the content I need
Absolutely. 

There's a lot of friendly teasing in our house 'you kids are smelly monsters', 'oh no daddy's home, don't laugh because daddy hates fun' all with lots of giggles. We can take it pretty far because in this loving household the idea of not loving each other and not wanting to spend time together is absurd.

My older 2 (9 and 6) like to make up silly rhymes almost like a juvenile rap battle, usually while cleaning or prepping meals

Last week I called my son in about a 1/2 hour later to apologizeto him about a joke I made. I told him even though we all laughed I felt the joke was too far and was too close to real life for some people (something along the lines of the aliens he came to earth with left him in a junkyard. It rhymed and was pretty clever at the time) . He got really uncomfortable because he has a lot of empathy for kids with broken homes, orphans, kids being given upnfor adoption etc. I could have left it but I make them apologize to each other all the time and though it's not always there place to ask why or have their parents justify their actions they need to know that i will hold myself to a higher standard. 

Man I love my kids.
I screw up a lot as a parent and I'm always apologizing to them

This is very good advice. I'm a very fallible person and they need to know that.
I was a little shit growing up and didn't like to brush my teeth, among so much other stuff.. The dentist told me even if I didn't have toothpaste, the brushing itself is what does most of the cleaning. My father tried to tell me the dentist was wrong. I can remember that moment so clearly unlike most of my childhood. A wall where my father was this all knowing genius broke.

Now for the darker future: he's got a degenerative muscle disease, has been an alcoholic my entire life, and he's in a homeless shelter after falling down alone in his rented room and breaking some ribs. These facts are all heavily related. Longgggg story.
Imagine what Donald Trump’s children would be like if their father did this
It feels so good to apologize to my toddler. She instantly forgives and offers hugs. She appreciates it when pa admits and is sorry for something minor.
Telling them your feelings is also so good for their mental development. When you say ‘I’m having a bad day. I’m feeling sad today’ it opens up a conversation with you and your child about how to express your emotions. If you are honest about how you feel they can reciprocate how they feel. 

I only have a 3yo so I hope this helps later when he’s a broody teen.
I grew up with a mom that apologized and taught me to apologize, but my dad never apologized, we haven't spoken for over 2 years now. So yes, teach your kids to apologize
It's sad this needs to even be said, but hopefully there are people that can learn from this.
Omg this so much. My dad never once said “I’m sorry” and there were many many times it should have been said. I told myself that would never be me. I’ve got a daughter in her twenties and a son mid teens. I apologize regularly to both of them for all sorts of things. Interrupt them telling a story “Sorry pal, please continue”. Eat the last popsicle “Sorry sweetie”. It’s so easy!  If you goof up, own it and say you’re sorry. I’ve noticed it has made a huge impact on the way they live their lives. Lots of ownership and lots of growth.
I WISH THIS WAS MORE COMMON.

It also teaches children that parents are human and they, too, make mistakes
Kids don't just emulate behavior. They also notice things themselves and can learn integrity, for example, by seeing people who don't have it.
waiting for this from my dad
I've lost my cool from time to time with my child.  After I get out the initial shock and frustration(hopefully not at them), I'll apologize and say I'm sorry.
Yep, am an early childhood educator. I spend half my day in a community of 3-5 year olds. One of my favorite things to do is modeling apologizing when I am wrong. Some people think this is weak. Those people are ignorant. I’m strong as fuck.
My sister and her husband never learned to do this, so it was only a matter of time before their children started imitating all of their bad habits. It's so sad to see, and any time I tell them anything it's pure denial. I just decided long ago that I would just let them be, there is literally no helping people who believe they are perfect.
Learning your actions have consequences is easily the most powerful lesson as a kid.
Wonder if there is a specific sub for parenting-related YSK or LPT. Let me know if you know, thanks!
Please listen to this advice. My dad never took accountability for his actions or never admitted wrong even if proof was shoved in his face. Instead he would blow up about how he was always right if I ever tried to correct him.
Since he was the only parent in my life from the age of 6, this ego integrated itself into me too. It took me a very long time to get over it. It was hard to start admitting wrongs when the person who was supposed to be your role model never did it themselves. I'm still trying to fix t to this day, but I've improved a lot.
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is the difference between my mother and my father. My dad will always apologize within a day if he does something that could have hurt my feelings, but my mom will see me on the verge of a breakdown and just not say anything about it. She stops talking but never apologizes. Needless to say, I'm moving out as soon as possible.
boom. Don't be shitty to your kids.
Question ... My son is 5.

He has SOOOO much pride. He won't admit he's wrong, he won't ask for help, he won't answer me when I lay out clear rules when he's down something wrong. He just looks at me.

I believe we lead by good example, admit we're wrong, talk to him about everything, etc.  Is this a phase? Does he grow out of it?  

Something as as simple as "do you have to go to the bathroom?" His answer is always "no" but 10 seconds later he's off to the bathroom like it's his own idea.
I apologized to my two-year-old today for making her sad, because I wouldn’t “share” my parenting book! Am I doing it right?
This is 100% true. Humans do learn from example and children will emulate every behavior, hell, I hated that my dad smoked as a child, but sadly I myself am a smoker now.

However, you should also be firm *when absolutely important*. Many parents will think they are too harsh by seeing how their children react on trivial things, and apologize when not needed. This can lead to them becoming spoiled or even lead them to conceding to others when they themselves are right. By trivial things I of course mean really trivial, like being tidy with your belongings, not abusing on things like smartphones and games, and such. Dialogue is always the answer to children.
Also admitting that you don't know the answer and making an effort to learn the answer.
Am therapist. Completely agree. We teach our children how to apologize with grace and that apologizing is part of repairing breaks in relationships.
It's human to make mistakes.  Face and correct it and move on. Too many parents try to protect their children, then the children don't know how to deal with life.
I so agree with this. I've been apologizing to my kids when I know it's warranted since they were toddlers. I'm not a perfect person and I am wrong sometimes. Including "yelling" at them sometimes. But one thing I believe I do right is apologizing when I realize that I was wrong, even when they were tiny. And one thing I will say about them now at 7 and 12 is that they also apologize. They will say "I'm sorry I got mad at you and yelled. I was mad but I shouldn't have yelled at you." I don't like being yelled at anymore than anyone else but I'm proud that they know to say they are sorry.

ETA: I think this also deals with knowing how to accept an apology. In that, if they yell or are otherwise kind of jerky, but they apologize, I hug them and tell them I love them and it's okay. They do the same for me. Knowing how to accept an apology is also important.
My mom never did this, ever.  I do it allllll the time with my husband and kids.  My mom’s philosophy was “because I said so.”. I’ve almost said it a few times to my kids over the past 17 years, but have bit my tongue - it’s not easy!
I wish my mom knew this 25 years ago
I never got an apology.  If I was beaten for something later proved to not be my fault, my father and step mother would say, “You’ll do something to deserve it soon enough!”  When my father first met my husband he took him outside and apologized to him for the rough life I had had.  

I refused to raise my kids the same way.  So I owned up when I was wrong and used words to explain in terms they would get as they aged.  Respect was a two way street.  I gave it but never demanded it.  My sons are now in their early 20s and I’m proud to say they are amazing men.  They are respectful, sincere, friendly, witty and just good people.  They never understood kids on tv shows that talked back to their parents or yelled at them.  They would look at us and say, “Not in our house!” because they knew they would never need to be in that situation because we are always there to talk things through.  I encouraged my boys in chats with me to state their own opinion, whether or not it was in agreement with mine.  Differences didn’t mean we didn’t like or love each other, they were just opinions.  

We treated all of their interests with respect, whether we understood them or not.  They will also listen when we share ours.  Is it hard?  Hell yes, but so, so worth it.  I am fully estranged from my birth family (mom died when I was six) and do not miss them at all.  It is such a different way of life from what my life is now and I’m no special person, so if you’ve had a rough upbringing you can undo the damage.  It takes hard work on yourself to heal the demons and get well, but having my grown sons willingly come and sit and just chat is the best feeling ever.
Randy Marsh can also teach you an thing er two about tegridy.
If I ever get to the point where I lose my temper and raise my voice, I always apologize and tell my girls and tell themt hats not the way to handle their anger and that I was wrong.
This.
Yes! I learned this from being raised by a strict authoritarian who could never admit such a thing. 

It also teaches them that adults can and are often wrong or mistaken, and that people can make mistakes.
Same with teachers. I'm a teacher and always admit something or say sorry if I make a mistake. Others try to brush it under the carpet or bluff their way through.
I've been doing this when I get frustrated and raise my voice. I get down level and apologize for yelling, then explain why I got frustrated, so it's explained rationally and hopefully prevented in the future.

I hope I'm doing the right thing. Sometimes I wish I could keep my emotions in check, but I also don't want her to think that adults, or other people in general, don't also have emotions, while trying to teach that it's okay to have them at the same time.
Yes!! Children need to know it’s ok to make mistakes, it’s ok to not know something, it’s ok to be wrong.
This has caused me so much anxiety and sadness , I absolutely cannot wait to move out
It’s because of this behavior that I have to try very hard to unlearn the “I can do no wrong” trait I got from my mom and evaluate my behavior very closely
It’s true. You have to admit and apologize when you’re wrong. 

To them, your spouse, whoever. 

You have to own your failures and stand back up when you fall. And watch your reactions to those situations, they will learn how to deal with it from you. 

You also have to communicate and set measurable consequences and hold to them. Otherwise they will not respect you.
Treat them like the human you want them to be.  Let them know their worth
Agreed
When I fuck up in front of my kids and I'm wrong I'll be the first to admit I'm wrong.im honest,loving,kind and caring to my kids and in turn they'll learn about taking responsibility.
That don't work for Jamaican parents. They cook our dinners and we all forget about it afterwards lol
My bf just had a moment pertaining to this subject earlier this evening with his child.

We have 5 cats in our house - one is technically the roommates cat, but he's welcome to come upstairs and visit when he wants to. So, we have 4 cats, plus one. All the personalities vary significantly. Two of our cats are newly adopted (in the last 2-3 months) and are very energetic, don't quite know what "boundaries" are yet. Roommates cat is very beta - he cannot stand his own ground, ever, but he's extremely sweet and doesn't have a mean bone in his body. But will cower at basically anything.

So earlier tonight, roommate is out, so I let his cat come upstairs to have some socializing time. He's very hesitant because of the babies, but he's got a gate between himself and them, so he's protected from their obnoxious space invasions. At some point during dinner, we start to hear repetitive meowing (like, calling for someone). My bf and I are guessing it's one of the babies, but his child said "no, it's (roommates cat)." He explained that he thought she was wrong, but I went to check myself and sure enough, it was roommates cat. He wanted to come out but felt trapped by one of the new kitties, so he was calling for help.

Without wasting even a second, my bf turns to his child and says "wait, turns out I was wrong, but you were right! I'm sorry, you were right." Didn't take more than a second, no one lost anything by him admitting he was wrong, and we moved on with dinner.
But it does them a tremendous disservice if they ever become a politician.
I agree !
I woll do this when I have kids but if they need punished, then punish them. If you do wrong admit it.
As a teen who’s parent never said thank you or im sorry, i have seen this and am talking with my brother about the best way to move forward. Because I want to act pier to pier with my kids but that may not work at younger ages but damn it has fucked me up.
My parents rarely apologized to me as a child when they were wrong, it showed for the first 3 years of my daughters life. Now if and when I am wrong, I apologize and give her the answer that correlates the best to the subject at hand.
Tegridy
That's funny, my father's refusal to ever apologize or admit fault (to the point where he rewrites events in his own head) is precisely why I taught myself to have integrity.
That’s good, I always planned on doing that when I have kids
But only when they call me out on it lol then I say you're correct im sorry lol
Same goes for employers to I guess.
I apologized to our neighbors' daughter today. It's not easy to tell a seven year old you should have done better.
Fuck yes!! I have tried to explain this to my father but he just doesn't get it. "Oh I hit your brothers cause thats what i was taught "...nothing. "Oh I'm sorry I screamed at you and and called you stupid for mistakes but at least I didn't treat you like your brothers/my dad did." Its always something and always a scape goat. The gift he gave me is by realizing how he acted and responding in the polar opposite.
My mom apologized to me for an incident that happened. It was the first time in 24 years. I was very stunned but very grateful.
My parents never apologized to me or to each other for anything in their lives. I don’t think I have ever heard the words “I’m sorry” come out of either one of their mouths ever. My dad stepped on my wedding dress and ripped it at my wedding and didn’t say sorry. Just acted like nothing happened.
Indian parents be like -: we don't do that here
You forgot the part where they say that they admit they are wrong but won't admit they are wrong about admitting they are wrong
It’s not easy but it’s worth it. Speaking as a Gen Xer, everything that our own parents did wrong, and all those patterns of generational abuse we had to break free from, it’s all worth it.
This is why I have a hard time apologizing - it's not that I think that I shouldn't say sorry, it's that I don't know how to stop. Growing up my parents always 1) believed they were always right & 2) no one should have to say sorry. Like if you had to say sorry then it should have been preventable, no questions asked. 

So I learned to do nearly the complete opposite - take accountability, be more considerate to strangers, and don't manipulate. Shit like that. Possibly to the point where I don't have healthy boundaries for myself.
Gonna send this to my sibling groupchat
I remember when my teacher apologized to me when he scolded me a bit too harshly. He was already a role model of a teacher to begin with and when he apologized to me I actually felt kinda bad because it was mostly my fault for not listening to him. Looking back I wish I apologized back to him.
I feel like this is extremely important but also difficult for parents.  Obviously it’s easy to say I wish my parents did (and honestly would do) this but I also get that I don’t have the faintest clue what it’s like to be in their shoes.

I’ll also add by saying, making your kids know you love them, through actions not just words, goes a long way.  Even a stable household without love can have a child grow up cold and empty.
My dad used to do this with me, as well as explaining why I was in trouble.  I really grew from that and respected him for it.
What other behaviors are must-have for parents? Which books do people recommend to understand the fundamentals?
If only my dad would understand this. Its been 30 years and he still wont come clean on anything.
Wish most Asian parents knew this. My Asian mother’s pride is too great that she didn’t apologize even if she did something obviously wrong. As a typical asian parent, she’s an authoritarian type. She even manipulate me into taking care of her as she grew old or else, she will curse me because I am ‘ingrate or rude’, because she expect something for raising me. 

Seriously no one asked to bring someone in this world only to take advantage for someone’s gratefulness! I am disgusted by our toxic culture, and this culture also prevents us from living a comfortable life in the future.

Also, I am also disgusted by some hypocrite religious freaks that fueled our culture.
I haven't spoken to my dad in nearly 7 years because he won't say "I'm sorry." He's chosen his pride over a relationship with his daughter which is utterly pathetic.
100%. I was raised very sheltered and religious, where having a different opinion or questioning my parents was regarded as disrespect. I was determined to not raise my son that way and he has reminded me several times (as 8 year olds do) when I've apologized for being wrong with a simple comment like "it's okay dad, as long as you learn from it right?" I messed up a lot of things in my life, but I think I got it right with him 😀
So important. My parents did the exact opposite and I now have lying nearly encoded in my damn DNA. I honestly dont think my parents have EVER admitted they were wrong, or my older siblings who helped raise me. Its also ultimately what led to their divorce.

If you have a kid, put your damn ego aside. Your kid will think your a badass literally no matter what, no need to constantly try and prove it to them. They just grow up to do the same bullshit
Also teaching your children how to stand up for themselves and their beliefs is equally important.
How do I send to my mother without actually sending it to her
My parents have never apologised to me but I still readily apologise to others and my own children when I have done something wrong.
Yes, lead by example. My father instilled “take responsibility for your actions” growing up. Even though he was not willing to do the same(to the detriment of our family) I live by this and work hard to demonstrate this important concept while parenting my daughter. I am far from perfect and make mistakes often. It’s humbling to admit your faults to a five year old. The best part, her forgiving me in the most loving way. Sometimes it’s as simple as saying “I’m sorry for raising my voice baby. You did not deserve that and I will work to express my frustrations in a healthy and calm manner. “ Then there are the times I apologize to her for misunderstanding something or accusing her of something the cat did and she lovingly tells me “it’s ok mommy, accidents happen.” My heart melts. So, as much as I beat myself up for all the things I may not do perfectly, I’m reminded in those moments that I’m doing something right. Thank you for this reminder.
This will get lost as this post already has 500+ responses but teach your child how/when to accept an apology. I've taught my kids to respond with "i accept your apology" if they feel it is genuine and truly forgive that person. Too often I hear "its okay" when an apology is given and to me that is just like saying "its OK you did that" and it doesn't sit well with me. 
On how to apologize - acknowledge what you did wrong. Instead of "I'm sorry your feelings are hurt" say "I'm sorry I hurt your feelings" it places blame on you for your actions versus the other person and their reaction.
Treating your children this way also develops their sense of self worth. They are worthy of understanding and negotiation. Everyone should be.
I grew up with divorced parents. My mother never takes accountability for anything whilst my father always apologised when he wronged me. I’m 20 now and I’ve realised that I unconsciously treat my parents differently. My mother complains about how much I disrespect her but not my father yet she doesn’t realise it’s because of how she treats me.
My father never apologized to me for anything. He's so entitled and always thinks he's right. Whenever I wanna tell him about something, he always questions my knowledge, as if I can never teach him something new and it's always gonna be him who teaches me. Mom apologizes to me if she does a mistake (which rarely happens because she doesn't do anything wrong to me as often). If I grow up to be a mother, I'd apologize to my kids so that they don't get used to the fact that apologizing is a bad thing. Because, I gotta admit it, I don't like apologizing to people, though it took me some time to get used to doing it which I'm glad I did. I never, EVER want my kids to pick this. Not apologizing when you need too is really critical. I only ever got to learn and acknowledge that after experiencing it.
My father has never once admitted he is wrong. I resent him for it.  I think far far less of him for it.  Now all I can think is, here is a man who can't be trusted because he will never own up to his mistakes.  Is that what you want to teach your children?  That you are completely unable to learn?  It might work while they're young and ignorant, but when they grow up they will see all the gaps in your knowledge.
Real shit right here. Respect your children without them deserving it. Respect yourself in front of them.
My parents never once did this. My dad would die before admitting he was wrong to me.
Trueeeeeeeee
I grew up with two parents that were constantly fighting and would sometimes treat us like adults way sooner than we needed to be. My father cheated multiple times on my mom and refinanced our house right before the housing market crash which ended with us losing our home we grew up in. He still to this day won't admit his fault in that. It's ignore the bad and embrace the good. No need to apologise if you do that, right? Not to close to him. 

This resulted in my mother having to re-enter the work force after over 20 of being a stay at home wife. She worked hard for us and keep us feed and sheltered. By then, I was old enough to help so I worked and did. My mother had her flaws but I never really thought about big about them until I moved out. Also with age, came a certain stubbornness. It was really easy to embrace hey when the good times were greater than the bad times. Recently, it's more bad than good and it breaks my heart. She will take a situation that she got herself into and find a way to blame her kids. Never admitting any fault or seeing what she did as wrong. It was there all along, it's just much more obvious now.

This affected me way more later on life and it's now starting to affect me even physically. Panic attacks and elevated heart rate just thinking about it. But what I never realized was how it made me treat other people and my expectations of them. Having grown up with parents that never apologized, I ended up being the kind of person that over-apologizes. I also fully expect that if someone fucks up, they need to own it and apologise. These are all things I learned I did when I got married. Now, having become a very recent father, I am determined to be the kind of parent that can admit when they are wrong and she my son that his parents are human and capable of making mistakes.
I always do.
Almost all parenting needs to see the end result. You're raising a future autonomous adult. 



There's moments where the responsibility, discipline and so on need to happen but it's frightening how much parents see their kids as kids forever.
I wish there was a way to teach my mother this.
I don't think my parents *ever* apologised to me.

When I grew up it was really hard to apologise, realised that and started to apologise for everything, if it wasn't my place to apologise, realised that and now working on apologising only when it's something that's in my realm of responsibility, doing, and needed
Just spent the 20 min drive home from work rehersing a few talks to my currently 4yr old when he gets older.  Topics include teenage relationships that revolve around emotional exhaustion but constant sex, college years of constant drug and alcohol use, and the fact that our life in a beautiful home across from the beach in an amazing neighborhood is complete luck mixed with white privilege and cannot be counted on because realistically it shouldn't be possible for a middle-high class union blue collar family.  My father refused to have any of these talks beside a 2 sec, " ya know about the girl and sex thing, right" well before i had gotten my dick wet and wouldn't talk about any honest drug or alcohol stuff even though Coworkers on railroad still occasionally mention his craziness, even now at the midlife 32 years old.  Could of helped with those lost 18-24 yr old lost years of drugs, alcohol and ridiculousness.  Just be honest, in the most somewhat authoritarian non tiger parent way you can.  Keep your kids going from top 5% graduating hs to 0.0 first semester and finishing with economics after failing out of engineering school like three times.  Couldn't do a micro or macro calculation to save my life but life is good


Edit : i such at typing
Thank you, this is so true. So many people underestimate children.
My dad when I was a kid: “Don’t you fucking back talk me. You’re grounded for two weeks. Go to your room.”  
  
Fast forward to 2020...
  
*5-10 minutes after being rude to my son and snapping at him because he talked back*  

“Son, I was wrong to snap at you when you got an attitude with me. I could tell it hurt you. I’m sorry and I love you.” 
  
*hugs kiddo, he accepts apology and he apologizes for being a smart ass* 

Side note: My dad has asked about his grandkids maybe 10 times in 12 years and spent time with them fewer times than that. He’s basically a stranger to them but he only lives 15 minutes away. Sad. I will be an engaged grandpa. Can’t fathom any other way.
Imagine growing up under a parent that was a professional litigator (lawyer) and was literally paid to twist and divert conflict to avoid admitting defeat.

Oh wait, that was me.
A couple of days ago I lost something and my kids wouldn’t stop getting in my way when I was looking for it. I ended up shouting at them and sending them to their room. A few minutes later I realized I’d been an ass and immediately went to their room. I made sure to not put the blame on them, and instead let them know that I was out of line, and they didn’t deserve to have it taken out on them. Hugs were given all around and I apologized to them for being a jerk. I want them to know that their mom is human and makes mistakes, but she’s also willing to apologize and admit when she’s wrong. It’s something my parents weren’t great at and I want to break that cycle.
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times. My parents always come up and apologize to me when they feel they did or said something wrong and its amazing. It's taught me to own up to what I do and I always apologize if I genuinely feel remorse for something I did.
Now only if my parents knew this...
Well, yeah.
Integrity is the best lesson I learned in the military.
It’s no accident that my mom never apologized to me for her wrongs, but I make a point of apologizing to kids when I’m wrong. “You’re right, I was wrong about that” when truly meant are powerful words for a kid to hear.
I feel this, my parent's never apologized to me to this day, I resent them, I don't trust them, I'm striving to be the opposite of them, I gave my flaws i've inherited but i'm working around them, but its sore still being stuck with them when your too poor to move.
The phrase “do as I say, not as I do” really comes to mind here
Facts
my mom once apologized to me. Reminded me that it was her first time being a parent, but that she was trying. an obvious statement in retrospect but really put things into perspective for me.  I am so grateful for parents that were open and knew when to step back and say hey I messed up.  I think it’s made all the difference in my life.
I'm a dad and I get it wrong all the time. I do try. But I do make a habit of apologizing when I really screw up to the kids. I feel better and they can see that I'm human.
Great advise. Whether you are a parent or not you should always be able to admit when you are wrong. This is why there is so much conflict in society. No one likes to admit when their wrong. It’s honestly as simple as that. But then one has to wonder... hmm where did this behavior come from?
I have a cordial, distant relationship with my mom. I can tell she wants to be closer but I can’t bring myself to do it. 

Every week I talk to a therapist. Many weeks the topic of my mom comes up, and all the shit she did when I was young. She was a victim of abuse herself, so I don’t hold her 100% responsible for what happened to me when I was young. But, she’s also literally never apologized for or even acknowledged it. We Don’t Talk About It. 

I think if she could be a human like that, it could break down some walls between us. But without that, I feel like she’s too fragile to handle my honesty about my experiences, and so instead of a close relationship, we are distant and friendly and casual.
Kids will do what you do not what you say
I often imagine that I’m actually talking to a 20 years older version of my kid. She may not understand me in the moment, but my words will bounce around in her head for 20 years until it finally sinks in. I want to make sure that the words bouncing around all those years are worth it.
I have two daughters 18 and 20.  I had to say I was sorry yesterday for being a dick.  Both of them are having a hard time during covid and I’m working my ass off so some days I just can’t deal with any more complaints.  I was in the wrong though and my self absorption can get the best of me and it shows through my inability to be compassionate and empathetic with them.  I felt like as ass but I said I’m sorry and I apologized. I’m human and I’m not going to be at my best all the time.  It’s no excuse but at least I’m able to step back and look at the impact I’m having on them with my own shitty attitude.  It doesn’t help that’s for sure and they can see that I’m trying.
Facts
If there is one thing I've learned from my dad, it is his humbling catchphrase. "if you are right, you are right". I've heard it many times we've had disagreements. He gets stubborn sometimes, but he recognises when he messes up, and that is golden.
Me and my dad are both very stubborn and when we would argue my mum would tell me to apologise because « you know he never will » and that always stuck with me. But now I am always the first to apologise rather than holding a grudge so positive but also not okay growing up.
In high school, my mom and I got into a huge fight because she thought I was faking sick to get out of going to school.

In her defense: I had no fever, and  prior to high school, I pulled that kind of shit all the time

In my defense: I cut that shit out once I got to high school, and I was a good student

Well, she made me go anyway, and after school took me to the doctor. We were both furious at the other. 

Welp! Doctor said I had both strep and pneumonia. 

Her jaw hit the floor, and she apologized up and down, promising she'd never doubt me again. 

That was the one and only major fight I can recall having with her during my teen years.
I cant remember my parents apologising but I get really remember thrm doing anything wrong. I either have really good parents or really bad one that have warped my ability to determine right from wrong.
I’m 41 year old father with two kids under 10 and I grew up with almost the exact profile as you, OP. My Dad would hold his hands up to mistakes but my Mum to this day can never admit she is wrong and this has pretty much driven us apart. I don’t respect her opinions and have to force myself to spend time with her. The other day I was round their house and my Mum undercooked some eggs for me, then blamed my dad for distracting her. It was a small, pointless fault and even then she couldn’t accept responsibility for it and had to lash out.

I struggled with the same tendencies for years and still have remnants of it, but thankfully dealt with it before children. I feel the pull of my ego not wanting to admit defeat occasionally, but I frequently fuck up and apologise to my kids for it. Sometimes I have to bite down on the urge to “justify” my apology by blaming it on something they did, but I’m so glad I don’t do this as I don’t want to have my relationship with them ruined the way it has been with my mother.
My parents would apologize but never change their behavior. It taught me to not trust them. "An apology is a notice that an amend is coming."
YSK: Your last chance to save the freedom of fairly priced internet access is ENDING. Make our voices heard here!

So I live in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I generally don't write letters to people of congress, but would like to personally call and e-mail. How can I find out who exactly to call to make as much of an impact as I can? 
This is an incredibly hard battle that we've been fighting for years; and though I don't see it ending anytime soon, we can keep postponing the atrocities ahead.

#Call your local congressman/woman and let them know!

Let's all help keep the internet and world-wide-web as accessibly as we've grown to know it.

Thanks for everyone's help; don't delay!
Never realized how many redditors are American.
Question: how many congress members are on our side with this? Are we outnumbered by the bad guys?
**Short guide on how people can contact congress about preventing the FCC from taking away our Net Neutrality**

**Option 1 - Free if you have free SMS, fast**

This uses a free service. Basically makes it easier to contact congress with personalized faxes (which I'm told are more effective than emails, though perhaps less than phone calls).

Step 1: Text Resist to 50409

Step 2:

You'll need to set it up with your address so it knows who to fax.

Once that's done, reply 'congress'

Step 3:

Write out a note. I suggest being kind, but firm, with positive expectations. (e.g. don't write it as if you expect them to do the wrong thing, because then this reduces the downside of doing the wrong thing!)

Congress isn't directly involved - but they can stop the FCC. And so you can ask them to stop the FCC.

Unique messages are better, that's why I'm not including a script to write. (I've read that if multiple people say the same thing, they just read it once, and then key it in as something like 'Form letter, 1000 submissions' whereas with unique faxes they are required to read them all.) You can make it short, just a few sentences if you want.

Step 4:

Text 'done'

Step 5:

That's it.

**Option 2 - Free, slightly more time**

Alternatively, call: https://www.battleforthenet.com/

Also "Call the FCC at 888-225-5322. It'll take you through a few options, but you can talk to real person to make a formal complaint against Ajit Pai's plan." (Thanks drkgodess)
[deleted]
*me on reddit looking for a meme or gif*

2 Hours later.

*knows every word on the Net Neutrality Bill*
Can people outside the US do anything to help ?
If 266,000 people isn't enough to fix this, idk what is.
Ajit Pai reads mean tweets 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBt84HNAGwU
[deleted]
If you haven't already, text "resist" to 50409. It's incredibly easy. All you have to do is give the bot your name and address and it will contact your congressman / senator etc. I've been sharing this with everyone I know and it seems to be the most well received because it is easy even for the tech illiterate. It helps to add a personal message as to WHY you oppose the repeal (ex. 'I'm a small business owner and this repeal greatly concerns me because it would limit the customers who will be able to access my content and therefore threaten my livelihood.') Best of luck to you all. (cross posted on multiple threads.) 
https://5calls.org/ is a wonderful website that provides all the information you need to call your representatives and voice your concerns. I highly recommend making use of it. 
If I'm lucky enough to live in an area with a Congressman that wants to protect NN what can I do to help?
QUIT MAKING IT ABOUT INTERNET SPEEDS!

It's about CENSORSHIP. It's about turning the internet into a huge REDDIT / TWITTER.

The only reason reddit cares is the Comcast monopolies will now be able to control / fleece reddit.
I saved the internet last time !! Why is it to be done all over again ?

Why don't we neutralize the people trying to damage the internet, permanently ?
[Net Neutrality post on r/roosterteeth] (https://www.reddit.com/r/roosterteeth/comments/7ejhnq/us_rooster_teeth_fans_your_ability_to_watch_their/)

If you're in the US, it's important that you understand how the vote on December 14th is going to work. Look at [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/7ekrpi/the_fcc_just_announced_its_plan_to_slash_net/dq5pzj5/) comment 

> FYI - Congress and the Senate have nothing to do with this. Only five people at the FCC get to vote.

>[Here they are](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership). The three men plan to vote to repeal net neutrality. The two women plan to vote to keep net neutrality.

>Their individual contact information can be found under "Bio".

>To defeat the net neutrality repeal, one of those three men has to change their vote.
 
I’m not taking credit for this just sharing the info.
[removed]
Hi—American here!

You can help, even if you don’t live in the US.

It’s a lot to ask, but even a small donation to causes/tools such as resistbot.io can make a huge difference. 

One thing a lot of people don’t realize is how much this could impact other counties. This sets a dangerous precedent.

One easy way to help us out is just simply sharing this all around. Make everyone informed. If the entire *WORLD* hates this, it will be an even stronger case. This also helps keep other counties from falling victim to the same issues.

Americans aren’t informed enough to prevent it easily here, however, people around the world can attempt to educate others on the situation. The more that know, the better.

Awareness protects other counties and gives the US chance. Donations give the US even more of a chance and spread even more awareness.

I encourage anyone to just mention this, to atleast a few who don’t know about it. It might just be the change we globally need to prevent it from happening anywhere else.
Can I make a call even if I’m a minor?
what if my state already votes against it? Im in Oregon and my liberal senators vote against it... do i just lobby for my family across state lines?
Omg I been arguing with people that are saying that it doesn't matter, the free market will weed out the extra fees, and that there was no net neutrality before 15 and the net was fine then. I need more ammo to argue the importantance of stopping the FCC from gutting it.


I’m a little lost, how come today specifically are there multiple awareness post?
I do not believe that our internet as of now is fairly priced
After calling your congressperson, submit a filing (complaint) to the FCC.

The Restoring Internet Freedom proceeding number is 17-108.

https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filings
These are the emails of those in the FCC who will most likely vote against net neutrality, let them know you oppose of it and spread the word!

ajit.pai@fcc.gov

Mignon.clyburn@fcc.gov 

Mike.O'Rielly@fcc.gov
Use thumbnails! You're an eyesore to the front page! One of the only ones that doesn't have a link or red image on the side you USELESS MODS
Anyone living in Texas, copy and paste this into your email recipients in a new email. This is a list of the vast majority of Senators and Representatives in our state; I encourage someone from every state to do the same on here and any other social media platforms to make it easier for the common person. The average person will be too overwhelmed with Thanksgiving/vacation to spend the 30-40 minutes in gathering every email of the person in their Senate and House. For any Texans, here you go:
Paul.Bettencourt@senate.texas.gov

Brian.Birdwell@senate.texas.gov

dawn.buckingham@senate.texas.gov

konni.burton@senate.texas.gov

donna.campbell@senate.texas.gov

brandon.creighton@senate.texas.gov

craig.estes@senate.texas.gov

sylvia.garcia@senate.texas.gov

bob.hall@senate.texas.gov

kelly.hancock@senate.texas.gov

juan.hinojosa@senate.texas.gov

Don.Huffines@senate.texas.gov

Joan.Huffman@senate.texas.gov

bryan.hughes@senate.texas.gov

Lois.Kolkhorst@senate.texas.gov

eddie.lucio@senate.texas.gov

jose.menendez@senate.texas.gov

borris.miles@senate.texas.gov

jane.nelson@senate.texas.gov

robert.nichols@senate.texas.gov

charles.perry@senate.texas.gov

jose.rodriguez@senate.texas.gov

Charles.Schwertner@senate.texas.gov

kel.seliger@senate.texas.gov

larry.taylor@senate.texas.gov

Van.taylor@senate.texas.gov

carlos.uresti@senate.texas.gov

kirk.watson@senate.texas.gov

royce.west@senate.texas.gov

john.whitmire@senate.texas.gov

judith.zaffirini@senate.texas.gov

roberto.alonzo@house.state.tx.us

carol.alvarado@house.texas.gov

rafael.anchia@house.texas.gov

charles.anderson@house.texas.gov

Rodney.Anderson@house.texas.gov

diana.arevalo@house.texas.gov

Trent.Ashby@house.texas.gov

ernest.bailes@house.texas.gov

Cecil.Bell@house.texas.gov

Alma.Allen@house.state.tx.us

kyle.biedermann@house.texas.gov

Cesar.Blanco@house.texas.gov

dwayne.bohac@house.texas.gov

dennis.bonnen@house.texas.gov

Greg.Bonnen@house.texas.gov

cindy.burkett@house.texas.gov

Dewayne.Burns@house.texas.gov

Dustin.Burrows@house.texas.gov

angie.button@house.texas.gov

Terry.Canales@house.state.tx.us

Giovanni.Capriglione@house.state.tx.us

Travis.Clardy@house.state.tx.us

garnet.coleman@house.texas.gov

Nicole.Collier@house.state.tx.us

byron.cook@house.state.tx.us

Tom.Craddick@house.texas.gov

john.cyrier@house.texas.gov

Tony.Dale@house.texas.gov

drew.darby@house.state.tx.us

sarah.davis@house.state.tx.us

yvonne.davis@house.state.tx.us

joe.deshotel@house.state.tx.us

dawnna.dukes@house.texas.gov

harold.dutton@house.state.tx.us

gary.elkins@house.state.tx.us

Pat.Fallon@house.state.tx.us

jessica.farrar@house.state.tx.us

dan.flynn@house.texas.gov

James.Frank@house.state.tx.us

john.frullo@house.state.tx.us

Charlie.Geren@house.texas.gov

helen.giddings@house.state.tx.us

Craig.Goldman@house.texas.gov

larry.gonzales@house.state.tx.us

Mary.Gonzalez@house.texas.gov

lance.gooden@house.state.tx.us

bobby.guerra@house.state.tx.us

ryan.guillen@house.state.tx.us

Roland.Gutierrez@house.state.tx.us

ana.hernandez@house.texas.gov

Abel.Herrero@house.texas.gov

donna.howard@house.texas.gov

dan.huberty@house.state.tx.us

todd.hunter@house.texas.gov

jason.isaac@house.texas.gov

eric.johnson@house.texas.gov

Kyle.Kacal@house.state.tx.us

Ken.King@house.state.tx.us

phil.king@house.state.tx.us

tracy.king@house.texas.gov

Stephanie.Klick@house.texas.gov

Matt.Krause@house.state.tx.us

John.Kuempel@house.state.tx.us

Lyle.Larson@house.texas.gov

Jodie.Laubenberg@house.texas.gov

Jeff.Leach@house.state.tx.us

Oscar.Longoria@house.state.tx.us

jm.lozano@house.texas.gov

eddie.lucio_iii@house.texas.gov

mando.martinez@house.texas.gov

will.metcalf@house.texas.gov

morgan.meyer@house.state.tx.us

Rick.Miller@house.state.tx.us

Joe.Moody@house.state.tx.us

Geanie.Morrison@house.state.tx.us

Sergio.Munoz@house.texas.gov

jim.murphy@house.state.tx.us

Andrew.murr@house.texas.gov

anc@nevarezlawgroup.com

Rene.Oliveira@house.state.tx.us

chris.paddie@house.texas.gov

Tan.Parker@house.state.tx.us

Dennis.Paul@house.texas.gov

MaryAnn.Perez@house.texas.gov

Larry.Phillips@house.texas.gov

Joe.Pickett@house.state.tx.us

four.price@house.texas.gov

john.raney@house.state.tx.us

ron.reynolds@house.state.tx.us

matt@mattrinaldi.com

Eddie.Rodriguez@house.state.tx.us

Justin.Rodriguez@house.state.tx.us

ramon.romero@house.texas.gov

Toni.Rose@house.state.tx.us

Scott.Sanford@house.state.tx.us

Matt.Schaefer@house.texas.gov

campaign@mikeschofield.com

Matt.Shaheen@house.texas.gov

j.d.sheffield@house.state.tx.us

Ron.Simmons@house.state.tx.us

John.Smithee@house.texas.gov

Drew.Springer@house.state.tx.us

Phil.Stephenson@house.state.tx.us

Jonathan.Stickland@house.texas.gov

joe.straus@speaker.state.tx.us

Ed.Thompson@house.texas.gov

Senfronia.Thompson@house.state.tx.us

Tony.Tinderholt@house.state.tx.us

Chris.Turner@house.texas.gov

Jason.Villalba@house.texas.gov

Hubert.Vo@house.state.tx.us

Armando.Walle@house.texas.gov

James.White@house.texas.gov

paul.workman@house.state.tx.us

Gene.Wu@house.state.tx.us

Bill.Zedler@house.state.tx.us

john.zerwas@house.texas.gov
You should know a massive problem is the lack of competition in the ISP sector. 

If you could pick between three ISPs of the same quality, exploiting Net Neutrality is a lot less likely. 
the fact that all of reddit is shilling for this is making me really skeptical. After reading a bit I'm having trouble understanding what will actually change, other than people extremely reactionary takes. 
Someone needs to get pornhub to help. Its our only hope. 
As someone who has both called and sent emails to do my part, I have a simple question. After 22 million comments on this were ignored, what will 22 million more accomplish? I'm not trying to be a smartass. I am legitimately curious. Reddit is basically a website where I can see 2,789,437 different stickied posts about Net Neutrality right now. It just feels like I've been seeing the same urgency over and over and over and over again with little results.
I'm a Canadian is there anything I can do? If not, why the hell does the USA get to change my internet neutrality. That's BS.
What is 'fairly' priced internet access? 
Is there anything people from other countries can do to help?
The last chance to “save the internet” was with voting. Now please go about your life until the next election 
Will someone tell me how NN actually helps someone like me? I live 10 minutes from a state capitol, and I have never been able to get reliable internet from any providers. I live off a major highway, yet the only services offered are garbage satellite internet. I don't have wi-fi, I pay 80$ a month for unlimited 4g on my phone. Someone please explain how making ISPs competitive for their customers hurt people? It seems like removing these regulations makes the ISPs more willing to undercut competition, not the consumer. The fact that people are worried that a few companies will monopolize on being the only internet providers, when in reality they have a monopoly *now*, really confuses me.

Edit: 3 hours and waiting.
In order to save the internet, one of these 3 men have to change their mind and vote in favor of net neutrality. Tweet at them directly and let them know what you think:
https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC
https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC
https://twitter.com/mikeofcc
Not many people have tweeted at them from what I can see, this might be the best way to make your voice heard.
Also:
https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership Their individual contact information can be found under "Bio".
The three men plan to vote to repeal net neutrality. The two women plan to vote to keep net neutrality.
To defeat the net neutrality repeal, one of those three men has to change their vote. Pass it on!
$270 a month for a 500gb cap and 250 download , what fair priced internet? And i live in Canada 
For all non Americans who want to help I’ve been directed to this URL: 

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/replace-ajit-pai-fcc-restore-net-neutrality-make-last-mile-networking-public-utility-and-stop-corporate-abuse-0

Remember to confirm your signature and let’s try and get this shit sorted 
Something doesn't smell right...

First false information in a formula:

"these big companies support net neutrality, so it's bad", then they proceed to list companies that are actually AGAINST NN.

https://www.opensecrets.org/news/issues/net_neutrality/

VERIZON, ATT, COMCAST have all lobbied excessively AGAINST NN.

There is a reason. You need to dig deeper to understand. They aren't trying to stop censorship. They are censorship. They already censor all over the web. They already censor media from trending on social media. They tell us some links are fake news. Hell, they censor us on this website right now. The hypocrisy is overwhelming. The censorship is here. What people don't get is that it is already happening but ask yourself if sites are already being censored then why do the globalists want NN? It's real simple. They will selectively enforce. They will allow their buddies to break the rules and enforce the rules against their opponents. Better to remove the rules so everyone is on an even playing field and then use anti trust laws already on the books to stop them from targeting businesses. Before NN there were almost no cases of actual abuse. Don't give me some bs link about some isp in Canada. Also, all that abuse was already illegal based on our current laws for antitrust and consumer protections. Right now we need to get rid of the title 2 regulations so people can get more service provider options. Then if your isp starts slowing certain traffic you can switch.

There is an end game here. It is not just what you see right now on the front page. Remove NN, remove title 2, allow more ISPs to compete, if they provide bad service you can switch to one that will not slow traffic. That is the real plan, not reddit's bullshit. And if you want to argue the ISPs will not compete because they like to create monopolies I still say it's better to have no regulation and antitrust laws than regulation that can be selectively enforced by the globalists if they get the right people in office. We aren't going to let them control everything. Things were working just fine before NN and they will work just fine after NN.
Cause 90 dollars is fair for internet? I remember it being cheaper pre 2015 when the bill went into effect...what i dont remember is all those things people are worried about happening actually being things pre 2015.  

Let them scrap it. Let them block whatever. You plebs wouldnt have the will power to shut off your internet in protest till they actually make it cheaper and more openly free ohhh noooo. 

Youll still pay whatever so you can have your precious facebooks and snapechats. Your internet will never be what it should be.
Just stop.. this so obviously a smoke screen for something else... I considered the internet lost the day I got the email about data caps from cox... so please find whatever this is covering up and put that on blast
I did it Reddit. I called my local congressman. First time ever!
Internet in the US, not the rest if the world. I guess most if reddit is US members? 
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r7enb1p?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Ajit Pai Reads Mean Tweets](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBt84HNAGwU)|[+12](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/7enb1p/_/dq6dn8k?context=10#dq6dn8k) - Ajit Pai reads mean tweets
[Net Neutrality II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92vuuZt7wak)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/7enb1p/_/dq71vs3?context=10#dq71vs3) - There's a bot you can text that writes an email or a fax for you, free of charge, to your senator or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. You can use the message below if you want.   Net Neut...
[FCC Chairman Ajit Pai: Why He's Rejecting Net Neutrality](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1IzN9tst28)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/7enb1p/_/dq77fk8?context=10#dq77fk8) - This is an interview with him on why he is rejecting Net- Neutrality
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r7enb1p?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
[deleted]
THIS IS AN ADVERT.
If you ever wanted to know if the front page of /r/all is manipulated, well, now you know.
This only affects Americans, right? 

I'm assuming this isn't a concern for us developed countries in Europe?
**No interaction without a transaction** 

This has been the goal of business since the Raw Telnet Era.

Imagine their frustration: Using yourself as indicator, think of all the time you spend every day  link clicking, information consuming, sharing, idea exchanging, and frankly, chit-chat.

 Subtract the time you spend clicking "PLACE ORDER."

Multiply that by 7.99 billion.

That's how much profit is being lost every day, by even the largest and most powerful MegaCompanies - and the regimes they partner with.

Despite unprecedentedly challenging technological obstacles, with that much money at stake, is it any wonder that they persevere?

This is their latest and greatest "solution," but it won't be their last.

Unless they make this one work. Then they won't need a next one.

Yes! The govenment should control the internet instead of those evil corporations! That always solves everything!
Omg are you americans ever gonna shut up about this shit?
Reported. Spam.
[deleted]
Government entities like FCC, FDA, CDC etc are not there to serve the people but to serve and represent corporations. Time to wake up.
I highly doubt this is the last chance, they've tried twice already. 
Does anyone know if multiple calls from the same person count as one or multiple votes?
Washington State here. Her mailbox is full! Good job Reddit. I will try again tomorrow.
Fuck!! All they want [FCC] is total control of the market, so they can charge us whatever they want, block any website they don't like, and give us slower internet speed.. Seriously fuck these guys.
How can a Canadian help?
>fairly priced

We already pay too much. Verizon claims we pay more because they offer bundles that those other countries don't have.
Joe Barton’s fuckin inbox is full god damn it
YSL pants with the zippers, YIKES
Called, mailbox is full.  Feels good.  This means they literally got more messages than they ever expected to.
As people living in a foreign country (Mexico in my case), is there anything we can do to help?
These assholes need bigger mailboxes. 
How is internet access delivered for free?
Y phone call keeps getting a busy tone 😕
https://www.reddit.com/r/KeepOurNetFree/comments/7elbs5/guys_net_neutrality_is_important/dq6fvt2



>In order to save the internet, one of these 3 men have to change their mind and vote in favor of net neutrality. Tweet at them directly and let them know what you think:

>https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC

>https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC

>https://twitter.com/mikeofcc

>Not many people have tweeted at them from what I can see, this might be the best way to make your voice heard.

At this point is there anything we can do? I can’t believe this horse shit. Literally nobody wants this besides companies like Comcast. 
I tried but Sam Johnson’s  voice mail box is full, what do I do now?
So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send.

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.
I am living overseas with a foreign number. I can still tweet and actually call the states if I have the phone number. Are there some pre-written tweets that would be best to use? Also a list of congress members with phone numbers?
Since when  does the US have fairly priced internet? I thought everything was upward of $50/month with crappy speeds and data caps?
You should make it last this time
For a non-US citizen, how and when did it all start?
I'm just really curious here, if we are sending faxes, calling, texting and tweeting and this doesn't work what does that mean? It sure doesn't mean everyone didn't work hard enough. I mean, Reddit is just a gianf block of net neutrality posts right now. Where do we actually need to aim after this? From what I've been picking up is its been going on for years. So, if we win its just gonna happen again and again and again, until they win. So what can we do to make this permanent? 
I live in India. How can I help?
Sign the white Boise petition if you care about Net Neutrality. 

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
There are also [five members on the FCC commission](https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership) you can also contact. One is of course Ajit Pai but there are others that will bee voting on this


As per /u/datums - "FYI - Congress and the Senate have nothing to do with this. Only five people at the FCC get to vote."
If this goes through and Congress does nothing or actively votes to remove Title II, then our next effort should be to compile a list of these people in Congress and do everything to prevent their reelection.
For those of you that don’t like speaking on the phone you can text RESIST to 50409 and Resistbot will help you send an email to your reps. Here’s the body of the letter that I sent. You can also use it as a script if you decide to call:
“I support “Title Two” net neutrality rules and I urge you to oppose the FCC’s plan to repeal them. Specifically, I’d like you to contact the FCC Chairman and demand that he abandon his current plan. This issue is very dear to me and I will be watching very closely to see how you and your fellow representatives respond. Your actions on this matter will reflect how I vote during upcoming elections. I urge you to make the right decision and keep the internet free for your constituents. “
The good lord says he's pretty sure he can get me out of this but he's pretty sure you're fucked.  Canada still has a lot of room you just have to say please and thank you and leave your gun at home
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/joshsteimle/2014/05/14/am-i-the-only-techie-against-net-neutrality/amp/
Link to whitehouse petition https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
WHITE HOUSE PETITION



https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
I made the call, but had to leave a message so they can transcribe it. Would've been nice to actually talk to someone, but I guess a message serves the same purpose. 
It's sad, none of these posts matter when the people in power don't give a fuck about the people they represent
There's a bot you can text that writes an email or a fax for you, free of charge, to your senator or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. You can use the message below if you want. 

Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet. Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all.

If you want to go further you can go after them on twitter

https://twitter.com/AjitPaiFCC

https://twitter.com/BrendanCarrFCC

https://twitter.com/mikeofcc

An old John Oliver video on the issue here - https://youtu.be/92vuuZt7wak

Keep fighting the good fight 👊🏼🤘🏼
I don’t know if this is just me but I’m honestly tired of fighting for net neutrality it feels like an uphill battle 
Quick site to visit: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
gofccyourself.com redirects to the place intended for comments relating to this topic. Once, there click on "express".

I tried to make a post about it but bot banned the post for "call to arms", even though there is currently a mod doing exactly this.
My congressman’s mailbox is full and is not answering or taking anymore calls 
Is this for US citizen only?
[deleted]
I say this ironically but your internet is already not fairly priced at all, look at the cost in Europe or in Asia...
#FUCK OFF
Why should freak out about net neutrality? I live in Europe. How will US stuff affect my freedom?
Hows and that to effect UK if at all?
White house petition to stop this crap! Everything helps. 

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality
Here is a White House petition to [save Net Neutrality.](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)
This is not going to change anything ...
Shills flood all of Reddit with the same shit so nobody can escape the propaganda even in subs where they go to escape the propaganda. 


https://i.imgur.com/5noHKsb.jpg
lol,  there is nothing you can do.

FCC is RINO held, NN is done for.

Them's the facts.
Is this posted to ever subreddit? Like the top 100 posts for me rn is this link
"Fairly priced" that's a good un.
go fuck yourself - ysk. 
[removed]
When I see this "red flag" this is a cue to do exactly the opposite. Want to go against the proverbial man? NN is not what it seems.
Message inbox full...shit!!
As a uniformed Canadian twenty year old, can anyone explain to me in its simplest way what’s going on? And how will this effect me? I remember reading stuff months ago about people against net neutrality, and now I’m lost.
I tried calling but it can't find my zipcode, looking for Eugene, OR rep to call if anyone knows. 
Do not forget and make no mistake this is because of Trump the doer of all things greedy and disgusting.
>Fairly priced

AHAHAHAHAHA

OH WAIT, YOU'RE SERIOUS!?

**LET ME LAUGH EVEN HARDER!**
So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send. 

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. 

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.

* Share away! Seriously only takes a few minutes of your time.. You can also find this Bot on Facebook Messenger "ResistBot"
YSK: Amit Patel is trolling the entire country so he can get a cushy paycheck when he "resigns" early from the FCC and anything he did is reversed. 
[deleted]
Huh. First I heard about this.
I hope the internet dies
[deleted]
When I see this "red flag" this is a cue to do exactly the opposite. Want to go against the proverbial man? NN is not what it seems.
YSK That if you are a Verizon Wireless customer in the US, a new program launched today called Verizon Custom Experience. It tracks every website you visit and every app you use. The program automatically enrolls all customers, who must specifically opt out if they don't want to be tracked.
Why YSK: If you prefer to keep your browsing habits private, you should consider opting out. There is essentially no benefit to giving away your information to Verizon Wireless. Unlike with other sites, where one can at least argue targeted ads pay for free services, with this Verizon program, you are essentially receiving nothing in return for giving up your privacy.

[This article provides instructions on how to opt out using the Verizon app](https://www.wired.com/story/verizon-user-privacy-settings/)

[Try this link on the website](https://myvpostpay.verizon.com/ui/acct/secure/manageprivacysettings)

[You can also try this link on their website to opt out.](https://myvpostpay.verizon.com/ui/acct/secure/profile/privacypreferences/customexperienceplus)

EDIT:  Added another website link to try.

EDIT 2: Appears to not apply to prepaid customers.

If you are concerned about privacy in general, here is an amazing resource of tools related to privacy: [https://piracy.vercel.app/privacy](https://piracy.vercel.app/privacy)

&#x200B;
any other carriers doing this??

edit: lol i kinda figured they all were, but wasn’t sure if there were easy to opt out. i’m a t-mobile person, so logging in now and turning off those settings haha
"Verizon Customer Experience" gotta admire how they name this shit.
Are there no laws that govern this amazing level of cheekiness? It boggles my mind that this level of surveillance is free and legal.
Thank you 

I can’t believe you have to opt out of custom experience basic AND custom experience plus.
Thanks.  Just opted the fuck out.  I worked for Verizon for years.  They are just as evil from the inside.  They don't care about their customers,  they only care about money.  The individuals at the local stores MIGHT want to help you, but the corporate office makes it harder all the time.
Is AT&T doing this yet?
I have 5 lines on the family plan.  Does each person need to do this or can I do it for the family in 1 shot?
Opted out, for cellular I had to deselect for each line.
Does this affect the pre-pay plans as well? The app does not have an option for privacy settings. Perhaps that’s disabled because I use a pre-paid plan?
Wait... i can use Verizon. As a resident of California, this is illegal.
[deleted]
How is this even remotely legal?
Just opted out and sent my US Rep an email. 

Use this website to find out who your rep is, send them an email. 
https://www.house.gov/representatives/find-your-representative
I feel like you should have to opt in to stuff like this.
Doing the lords work here. Thank you
Thank you, just did it
VPNs are increasingly becoming necessary.
[deleted]
This is flat out illegal in California. I ought to sue them. How do I find a data privacy lawyer?
Thank you! Fuck these parasites.
Should I opt out of the identification verification as well?
Does this include Visible Wireless ? They use Verizon’s network.
[deleted]
Would a VPN prevent some of Verizon's tracking?
Didn’t Verizon get fined for this exact same type of situation a few years ago? Crazy

Source:
https://www.theverge.com/2016/3/7/11173010/verizon-supercookie-fine-1-3-million-fcc
Was planning on switching soon, so thanks! Not happy about it though.
The my verizon app won't even let me log into it, and it freezes if I try to follow the link in the article, and the my fios app doesn't have the privacy options, neither does the website link work for me. 

How else can I do this?
OP you are a hero. I completely forgot about this until now. Just opted out of everything.
My vzn rep is about to see a ton of porn
Like
A concerning amount of porn
Don't forget that Trump kicked off his presidency by making it legal for telecom companies to sell your browser history (and other sensitive personal info) without your consent.

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-signs-measure-let-isps-sell-your-data-without-consent-n742316
Yeah, fuck verizon
They have been doing this for nearly a decade already.  Every few years they change the name of the program and draw up new contracts with what data they collect and who they sell it to and you have to opt out all over again if you use their services.  They have done this on FiOS and wireless business units.

When working in FiOS, we even analyzed when men would masturbate in the morning before going to work, flipping through the porn channels at 6:30am, and using this data gathered through Splunk reports, would target porn ondemand they may be interested in.  The amount of behavior that is mined from customer data is insane.  There is money to be made by tracking and targeting everything you do, including your morning jerkoff routine.
They should start tracking how shitty their reception is.
Evil
Yes, thanks for the PSA!
Thank you! Just unenrolled both my and Mr. WineAndDogs2020's phones.
“Spots lover” or “gamer”

Did they even proof read this massive breach of privacy?
Verizon trying to charge me 200 dollars for a replacement flip phone because I wanted to keep my number when they sold the exact same phone for 15 dollars is what prompted me to switch carriers and get a smart phone. Those assholes use to charge me 25 cents for the first ten texts per day. Lol I was so dumb back then (still dumb)
I got a text message about this earlier today : “VZ Msg: Introducing Verizon Custom Experience. VZ content & offers are more relevant using web browsing & app usage info. For info or to opt-out: m.vzw.com/CE”    

The link provided is a 404. They do not want you to care about opting out. The make it sound like a service and a privilege.
Blergh my app doesn’t show this at all. Is anyone else experiencing the lack of it? WHAT DO? 🧐
The description for Custom Experience Plus is weird. They say they will use the data for "service recommandations" and that they are gathering it "to help us understand your interests, like "spots lover" or "gamer"."

I don't want service recommandations, and my love of spots is no one's business.
Ok but… how? How are they doing this? HTTPS protects the actual urls from the prying eyes of the service provider. The only thing they are likely to receive is your DNS queries, assuming your device doesn’t use secure DNS yet, which most don’t. Once your device has resolved the domain to an IP address, that’s the end of what Verizon or any other service provider can see.

This is precisely why Apple requires all HTTP communication from all apps to use HTTPS, unless there is an exemption listed for the app. Most sites use HTTPS these days.

So what exactly is Verizon doing here? I guess monitoring DNS queries is kind of nefarious, but… meh.
This has gotten insane, and with no knowledge at all unless you knew to check Reddit. 

Wild simulation we are living in. 

But the opt out only took a few seconds, it’s still bullshit as bullshit can shit.
YSK That you should drop Verizon
Anyone know the details of how they’re doing this? They obviously aren’t intercepting TLS sessions. Are they just logging DNS queries?
That's fuckin creepy.
You could also use Firefox' new feature of DNS via HTTPS. 

This makes an encrypted request to the configured DNS, that way your carrier does not know what URL u typed. 

They can still be tracking the IP tho.
Need to start a fans only for my data. At least I'd get paid for them peering into my personal and private info.
Thank you for sharing this. I just opted out.  Take my upvote and poor man's Reddit award
Dude! Thank you!! I discovered other stuff I was automatically signed up for that I also disabled. Again, thank you so much!
You think opting out opts you out ?
Ewww wtf
Thank you!! Unreal how nothing was even sent about this going on.
Thank you for bringing this forward.
Scumbag corporation making douchebag move.
This is horrific. Will absolutely be switching carriers now
[deleted]
Holy shit thank you for this! I just opted out, took two seconds and even though they’re probably still harvesting every bit of data they can from me, at least I feel a little better saying “no” when I have the ability to…
They win. The app directions don't work and the website won't let me login. gg
Don't worry. Verizon is incompetent. They don't know what to do with your data anyway.
Does this apply for prepaid plans also? Having trouble finding it
No possible way this could turn out poorly.
Good looking out.
Verizon has been so sneaky with these opt outs. Don't forget, when you go into your account, set your lines to 'Block enrollments' on each in addition to the 'Don't Use' radio button. Do both!

While you are in there, go right ahead and either 'Disagree' and 'Opt Out' of everything else too. All of it. Stop giving these bastards anything.
Neat! I’m suing!
Fuck Verizon
opt-out? lol this sort of bullshit should explicitly be opt-in when you sign up for their service. shady bullshit you'd expect from a company like verizon though
Thanks for the reminder. Oddly, when i went into the settings (link to desktop page worked when i was logged into my account- thanks for that)- the "Don't Use" was seemingly already ticked, and the "save changes" was grey not black, suggesting I didn't need to change anything. 

So I started at the top of that page where there are 5 sub-sections in which you can agree or not. Three of them were set to "Use" or "Agree", A selection I know I would never have made. One of the "Use" (or some affirmative declaration) was indeed the VCE. It is now not being used. 

Be sure to check all 5 sub-sections if you decide to visit for the VCE.
No idea why that isn't illegal.
Thank you. I just opted out of all this garbage
Funny part is, every bit of my Verizon apps works except the page to change that one setting. Sometimes it feels like this is intentional
I accidtentaly stumbled across this today after getting slammed with robo calls for the first time in forever. Took no time for that shit to kick off. Its easy to disable but I was fuckin livid.
“Verizon Custom Experience” 

More like “Verizon Fucking Spyware”

Fuck the lawyers that made this “legal” and this company for daring to think all their customer base is this sheep about privacy. 

**VERIZON = CCP CHINA** should be on their employees shirt.
I thought jokingly once that I should make a program that automatically blocks data-collecting APIs and allows its users to make money by picking what data they want to sell to me instead, if any. Then I would be undercutting all the competition and be making tons of money by selling that data for profit.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist, however I would always go on the assumption that your isp can, and potentially is, logging every site you visit regardless, unless you are using a vpn.  You are after all using one of their IPs to access the internet.
Go to your router settings. Select the DNS settings

Set up cloudflare as your network DNS IP

https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/learning/dns/what-is-1.1.1.1/.


If you want a build in ad blocker:
https://kb.adguard.com/en/general/dns-providers (scroll down)


Why should you do that?

Well the default settings set up your ISP as your primary DNS server which allows them to collect these datas.
Thank you. Done on all my lines…

And boy oh boy is the name they chose for this program cheeky as fuck.
Interestingly I'm on a business account and when I logged in it was already disabled on my account. They are too afraid to track people with money who might sue them, but they're fine targeting the little guys. 

On another note, what's with the top comment 
>any other carriers doing this??

being followed by three comments with 342, 5, and 17 are hidden by default. I've only seen comments automatically hidden when the score was negative.
This needs to be repostd every so often so people are frequently aware
As an ex installer for at&t and Verizon... Drop them. They don't give a shit about their customers, especially employees (sale sale sale, "I dont care if the grandma is on a low income, sell her the upgrade/soundbar") drop them. Now. Now. So many other providers are cheaper (Although almost all are affiliates) and don't directly contribute to there predatory actions. Nestle sucks sure, but at&t and Verizon are just as bad. Fuck them
I was already opted out. Maybe it doesn’t automatically opt-in?
Is anyone else having an impossible time opting out?? Every time I click on the link for that page, it logs me out and asks me to log back in again, then it sends me right back to the main dashboard!
Was on for me and my family. Thanks for the article.
Don't just opt out online. Call. Utilize their people resources. Cost them time.  Cost them money. Register your outrage.
Correct me if I’m wrong —

U.S. law has it so that default setting is automatically to OPT-IN. The consumer will have to manually OPT-OUT. 

I believe the U.K. has it defaulted to OPT-OUT.
Yay for American capitalism.
Thanks! Just opted out.
I just opted out, thanks OP!
Thanks for the info. Just unenrolled all our phones. I had no idea.
Uh...what?
Seriously, thank you for this post
Thank you for this, I just opted out of everything for 2 phones and an Apple Watch
You have to have the app. It’s not native with the service. Just don’t use the Verizon app and you’ll be fine
How does this data collection work? Do they use the My Verizon app on your phone? So if it's disabled, you're ok?
Cocksucker motherfuckers
I got a text message saying that I was automatically enrolled in this but if I wanted to opt out I could follow the link. The page that it opened literally said 404 Page Not Found. Fucking asshole design. I had to register my phone at My Verizon first and then follow the steps in the article in order to opt out. Ridiculous.

And I’m not like big on privacy. I don’t really give a fuck if Verizon sees how much I’m on Reddit or whatever. They just don’t *deserve* to know. I don’t need to do that for them.
In Canada, Bell does this as well as their "tailored marketing program", though I think it only applies to websites.
Can we just get a law that requires any sort of data collection to be opt out by default?  Also opting in should require 2 clicks, the 2nd of which must be at least 1 inch or more away from the previous button to help avoid accidental opting in
Appreciate the heads up. Just opted out. Would’ve never known if it wasn’t for this post.
I hope someone who needs this can see it since I'm late to the post, but it's also auto opt in if you use the Verizon 5G home internet. So you have to opt out on each account.
Humm is My Verizon purposefully crashing to avoid turning it off, or does their app just suck as much as this new "feature"?
Knowing Verizon, the opting out actually doesn't work due to a "bug" and they'll continue to monitor you.

Get a VPN people.
Thank you for this.  I am a Verizon customer, and I do not recall seeing too much about this.    


They may have been yelling this from their rooftops, I just didn't catch it.
what in the fuck...   guess I'll be leaving Verizon soon
I'm currently using Visible, which is Verizon's pre-paid plan.

Here's what they have to say about "Do Not Track":

"Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals."
curiously, the privacy preferences links are no longer functioning for me and I literally cant find a way to opt out
Trump’s FCC Director was literally the former Verizon CEO.
YSK: The term "Genuine Leather", it is not to reassure you that their product is made of leather, rather its the name of the lowest grade of leather a company can use.
The term "Genuine Leather" is a marketing term to sell the lowest quality leather possible. 

When purchasing a leather product, look for full grain leather or top grain leather instead. These will provide a much higher quality cut of leather that will look and feel much better and last for much longer.
**Genuine is not a kind/type/grade of leather this the biggest myth in my industry**

I work for a leather goods company that my dad started in 1969 and we've spent millions on leather over the years from some of the best tanneries in the world.

Yes genuine can certainly refer to a bad/cheap kind of leather called a finished split, which is basically cheap suede with a coating to make it look smooth but were you to call up a tannery, you'd couldn't ask to buy "genuine leather" and expect them to know what you wanted.

Technically speaking full grain is a kind of top grain and all leather is genuine...it’s just that in the case of lower quality companies, they’ll use the term with the highest perceived value they can get away with. There are exceptions: I can name some great products stamped “genuine leather” and some junk products labeled “full grain.” Red Wing Heritage is a good example of a great company who uses the word "genuinely." I own several pairs of their boots that have “genuine leather” stamped in the sole (neither the leather used in the uppers or the sole is low quality).

 By it's legal definition (at least in the USA), "Genuine" is not nor has it ever been a specific "class/kind/type/grade" of low quality leather.

 The breakdown you tend see around the net ( Full Grain > Top Grain > Genuine/Split > Bonded ) **isn’t an official grading scale (no government or leather trade group uses it),**just a general guide could use you when you can’t find more out about the leather or the brand.

[In spite of what people say, bonded leather can not be called genuine legally in the USA (without qualifiers like bonded, reconstituted, etc).](https://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?c=ecfr&SID=da0fff93d248d84476b245ccfa2ce5bc&rgn=div5&view=text&node=16%3A1.0.1.2.14&idno=16)

This (above) is the only legal regulation about leather labeling you'll find in the USA.

Here's a post where a spokesperson from Horween, the most famous tannery in the USA, explains the actual meaning of top grain. While he doesn't get into "genuine" just the fact that he says "full grain is type of top grain", is enough to debunk the grading scale:

[https://stridewise.com/top-grain-vs-full-grain-vs-split-grain-leather/](https://stridewise.com/top-grain-vs-full-grain-vs-split-grain-leather/)

Additionally "full grain" isn't a guarantee you're getting good leather, it just means they haven't sanded the hide, but there's so much more that goes into making good leather than just that one step. The tanning solutions and finishes are like the "secret sauce" for some tanneries which is why full grain leather from Horween in Chicago will cost $10 per square foot whereas full grain from a tannery in Pakistan is under $2.

Here’s a little more accurate breakdown:

* Leather (aka top grain) is the outside (the smooth part).
* Suede has 2 fuzzy sides because it’s split from the bottom of the top grain.

From a tannery perspective, top grain includes all leather that’s not a split from the underside of the leather. Within that category leather can be full grain (nothing done to the surface), corrected grain aka sanded, and embossed. Some leathers can be both sanded and embossed. Just sanded leather is know as nubuck. Sanded and then finished is known as corrected grain (usually). There are hundreds of variations on embossed patterns.

You can go further into finishes and other qualities: waxed, tea core, pull-up, pigmented, aniline, semi aniline. Plus loads more.

Leather that retains its smooth side but that’s used for the “suede side” is known as Roughout, full grain suede, or reverse.

With suede there are less variations and the variations don’t have many specific names beyond individual tannage names used by specific tanneries. A main difference how fuzzy it is (how much nap). They can also wax suede and do some other cool stuff: Check out CF Stead’s website to see some really unique suedes. It's also of note that Horween's retail site sells the suedes at a price comparable to their full grain leathers.

The only leather that can legally be called “genuine” that I’d say is always bad is a kind of suede is called a finished split. Finished splits (painted or pu coated) are bad because they are attempts to make fuzzy leathers look like smooth top grain; the “fake” outer layer doesn’t last. You probably won’t see this term on a product description, but it is the actual industry term for this type of leather.

With all of these except the finished split, no single of these grades types is really any “better” than others.Even then, there are ways to "finish" suede that are unique and don't "try to pretend to be something they're not" from companies like  [CF Stead](http://www.cfstead.com/products/).  Just look at how many variations there are in just one company's offerings for just for Suede (the lowest tier according to our aforementioned break down)...also just google "CF Stead boots" to get an the idea that "suede" is not a low grade when made by a quality company. 

If they are from a good tannery, any type of leather and even suede will last almost the same regardless. Conversely something that people generally associate with quality like full grain, won't be as good as a non-full grain leather from a lesser tannery. Same goes for Veg tan vs Chrome tan, Horween deals in both and pricing is less that $1 difference per foot Essex vs Chromexcel.

As Nick Horween said in [this interview:](https://tenlessonslearned.wordpress.com/2018/09/01/ten-lessons-learned-nick-horween-of-horween-leather/) *"There’s a feeling in the market that vegetable tanned leather is better or more environmentally friendly than chrome tanned leather. They are just different and require different types of management through manufacturing. We do both and they each have their strengths and shortcomings.*"

**TLDR: There are high end tanneries that deal in all of these types (it's incorrect to call them grades) of leather and also “low end tanneries” that can do any of these “types." You can actually spend as much on high quality suede as a full grain from a lesser tannery (same is true for Veg-tan vs Chrome tan). Which is why saying that these differences (grades) are a reliable way to judge quality is incorrect. Another reason is why it's incorrect is that none of the terms tell you the animal: A full grain lambskin is completely different in terms of durability when compared to any type of cowhide.**
Also fun fact, the full grain leather is the only grade that will naturally "patina" and get darker over time from the oils of your hand / skin.  The patina actually makes the product feel softer and even more luxurious.  One very easy way to spot a fake Louis Vuitton bag is Louis Vuitton almost always uses full grain leather for their handles / piping.  Fake bag handles won't darken the way a natural patina would.  Moral of the story, you can't always fake quality.  There's usually a plethora of other ways to identify a fake and it almost always boils down to not being able to skip on quality.
That's right, thats a good YSK. Once upon a time it was a grade, just above bonded leather but became a marketing strategy, indicating that some type of leather product was used (most likely bonded) at some amount, somewhere in the garment.
This stuff is the worst thing we can call "leather", but it genuinely is leather.
I look for genuine pleather.
I don't get the point of buying leather in general, as why have something that slowly disintegrates over the course of 20-30 years when you can just buy a stainless steel jacket? Smh.
Professional leather crafter here,  


Look for full grain leather, or top grain leather.  


"Italian Genuine Leather" Is an oxymoron.
How blatantly misleading.
This is a genuine YSK
That reminds me of [Tom Scotts video about of "Gricean Maxims"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJEaMtNN_dM) I watched the other day.

Especially the "maxim of quantity".  
If you have to *say* it's genuine, what does it *tell* about the leather?
[deleted]
Also “Organic” is usually just part of the brand name...

“Free Range” only means a minimum of 5 minutes a day outside...

“Natural Fruit” is a brand name (looking at you Welch’s)....

“Fat Free” usually means high sugar, whereas “sugar free” usually means high fat...except when it says “no sugar added” which can still have a lot of original sugar AND all the thousand variants of chemical ‘sugar’ (e.g. Splenda, sucralose, advantame which are actually 320-20,000x sweeter) 

Welcome to the thin veil between overt lying and deception we call marketing.
It's like the term "milspec" being used in firearms or tactical whatever marketing

Military spec doesn't mean it's higher quality, it means it was built to a functional standard at the lowest cost. Built by the lowest bidder
Grade of leathers don't really exist. I can give you the shitty part of a hide that is considered "top grain" or "full grain" and it will be trash despite being "full grain" or "top grain".

What matters with leather is the tannage, the thickness and the part of the hide used (what is referred as "clicking")
When buying leather, try to buy secondhand, as to not create demand for animal products!
u/nstarleather

>The “grading system” (full grain/top grain/genuine) you’ve made reference to is a myth that needs to die, leather is not “graded” by this system.

>This grading system simply does not exist in the actual leather industry.

>There is no tannery, no trade association, nor any government entity anywhere (USA or otherwise) that recognizes or uses anything remotely resembling this breakdown to grade the quality of leather.

>This is something repeated by a few companies that sell leather products as marketing to “pump up” the perceived value of the material they use even though the price and quality of leather is based much more on the tannery than the type of leather used. 

>The biggest falsehood in the myth is what’s said about genuine, but even top grain and full grain can vary tremendously in quality. A non-full grain leather from a top tier tannery like Horween will be loads better than the thousands of “full grain” products you’ll find on Aliexpress.
TIL: I got ripped off.
I read 'genuine leather' to mean cow's hide - as opposed to vegan leather or PU leather.
It makes a better selling point than "Technically Leather".
It’s all about that Horween Shell Cordovan, right people?
I mean, it's both, right?  It's sneaky and underhanded, but it's basically saying, "the assertion we're making about this is that it's made of actual leather".  They're dressing it up to make it sound exciting, but that's what the words mean --- "this is leather, and not an imitation".  It doesn't promise any more than that, and if they could, they likely would.
Since OP did not provide source or more info, here is some :

 https://www.businessinsider.com/what-is-genuine-leather-2016-1 

https://bestleather.org/types-of-leather/genuine/
Your title has spread so much misinformation that your edit is probably pointless.
Be especially cautious if they pronounce it “gin-you-wine” leather
I think of it this way - If you were in the grocery store and saw a product labeled “Genuine Beef” would that be reassuring, or concerning?
I have a leather belt that I have had for well over 15 years now. Despite swimming in it when I was younger, never using any form of polish or treating on it, and hitting, at my heaviest, over 370 lbs it has no signs of tearing or flaking even around the extra hole I cut into it.

I bought a genuine leather belt, and it disintegrated within a month. It was two layers of "leather" that must have been nanometers thick sewn together around what looked to be wadded paper.
It's like them saying " No seriously, it is leather"
Reminds me of climacool. Adidas just made up that word and trademarked it to make people think the pants stay cool, but it legit does nothing.
This is the same thing with McDonald's "100% Beef". It's not made from 100% pure beef, the meat company's name is 100% beef
It’s like “military grade” means meets the bare minimum requirements
OR, don’t wear clothes made from animals hide. We have the ability to stop killing animals for clothing. We have plenty other options.
"Military grade" is another example of this type of marketing.
Just buy faux leather to reassure you nothing had to die a horrible death to bring you the product.
Look for *full grain* leather.
Wow. all of these comments about how leather is torture and unnecessary. There's literally a glut of leather right now and the value of it has plummeted because of people like. 

And you know why there's a glut and people haven't simply stopped producing fewer cow hides? Because nobody raises cows for leather. Hides are just a by-product of the beef industry (which hasn't plummeted). The least we can do is use their hides for something if they are going to be thrown out anyway.

But no, let's use toxic faux leather made out of petrochemicals instead! That's so much more of an environmentally conscious decision than using hides that are going to go to waste.
What are the other grades of leather? I've only seen this grade.
I got a Shell Cordovan wallet, it's horse-butt leather that'll last you a lifetime, recommend it.
"Genuine Bonded Leather"
Well shit, I make leather jewellery and use the term “genuine leather sourced in the UK”. Hope people don’t think I use the cheapest, crappiest leather I can find. I strive for quality and have never had complaints with quality/durability of my items.
Wow I did not know that. Thanks!
My friend was like this is genuine leather when he showed me he paid like 200 for a wallet and I explained to him that that's the lowest grade  leather. 

His smug smirk disappeared real quick
I once had a cd case as a kid which said it was "GENUINE LEATHFR" 

I thought the bottom of the E was maybe buy off, but... No. Still not entirely sure what it actually was
I always get angry when I see companies selling “genuine” leather, technically it is leather (hacked into small particles and then sprayed and fastened on a holder material) but come on, it really isn’t - it has none if the qualities that make leather leather
Currently shopping for belts online and the timing couldn't be better. Thanks
I learned that the hard way, I bought a $300 leather moto jacket. it was rough as hell, I figured oiling it and wearing it would produce results. Never did.
I bought a designer leather jacket with a better grade like 3 years later, soft from the get go and amazing to this day (5 years later).
Oh! Thats why the leather falls apart in water and looks like curdled paint!
You mean “genuine leather” is a product name and not actually a description of the actual type of material ?
I'd still take Genuine Leather over Bonded Leather any day though.  Bonded leather completely falls apart after a few years because its just leather flakes glued together.
It is not the lowest, bonded leather is.

&#x200B;

This dude explains the different grades. I could not find the original video I saw years ago.

[https://youtu.be/k8Dsuqgis8A](https://youtu.be/k8Dsuqgis8A)
The name is basically saying "well it's *technically* leather..."
but what about Ginuwine leather?
Someone once told me I’m a genuine asshole
“Eat recycled food - it’s good for the environment and ok for you!”
I work in furniture, and I see another buzz word thrown around... genuine “Italian” leather. I’ve seen this eye talian leather fail just like bonded, it smells like real leather, and I think that’s where they get you. 

One thing I learned is there is a couple sure fire ways to tell if it’s real, has to be a combination of both. 
1.) The smell, it’s hard to fake leather smell,  but not always true, they treat it with stuff nowadays, and 2.) the backing... if it’s felt or suede type material, it’s 100% glued, if it’s rawhide, it’s real. Pull back a bit of the material somewhere on the back or corners to check.
[Full context](https://joojoobs.com/leather-grades/) in terms of quality...

1. Full-grain
2. Top-grain
3. Split grain
4. Genuine
5. Bonded
Man i bought my first legit leather belt from an outdoor store a few years ago, and it is so weird to still have it looking good to this day, even with daily use. Compare that to all the walmart leather belts my mom bought me as a kid that would be peeling after i get a bit of sweat on it.
I figured as much.  Sort of like "Contains 100 percent juice."
It's "genuine leather" as in "it might look like it's not, but we can assure you it is leather".
There actually is a super cool cut of leather that is the raw cut that gets processed into this 'genuine leather'. Once the top grain is trimmed off the lower part is pebbled and tanned and resurfaced to look like top grain leather and called genuine leather. But the raw material before it has been resurfaced is available and has the blade marks and what not from the top grain removal. It is rough and hard and looks like rough cut wood it's actually kind of cool to check out.
One of my shirts has "genunine goods" printed on. What does it mean in this context?
[The different grades of leather](https://www.heddels.com/2014/06/overview-guide-leather-grades/) and descriptions.
Especially tood to know for watch purchases. Genuine leather feels like shit
A good YSK is; Don't say this to your girlfriend about the new leather wallet she bought you for your birthday
Rich Corinthian Leather.
Wow, I did not know this. I currently have 2 “genuine leather” recliners with the leather wearing through on the arms. I guess you’re never too old to learn something. Thanks!
This is the first YSK that I actually think ISK.
Ah! Thanks for telling me! No more Rockports!
I remember when I first learned this several years ago. It’s a definite asshole design.
[deleted]
I felt very cool when as a kid I saw my watch band was genuine leather.
